Andhra bank follows BoB  SBI. Slashes deposit rates. Will lending rate cuts followSilver Member
2 Followers
In their endeavor to increase loans, banks overlook  RECOVERY, MONITORING & go for RESTRUCTURING OF BAD LOANS. Smart people repay loans obtained at higher rates & take Banks for a ride.
11.48 AM Nov 5th

What Went Wrong Moments Before Virgin CrashAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Agent: Brittney Griner OK After Knife Attack In ChinaBrittney Griner OK After Knife Attack In China
 | By                                                                DOUG FEINBERG
reddit
WNBA star Brittney Griner felt fortunate to be OK after getting cut on the elbow in a knife attack in China.
Griner sustained a small cut when she was attacked by a man while boarding a bus after practice Monday in Shenyang. The man, who followed the players onto the bus, also stabbed one of Griner's teammates. She was wearing two jackets and wasn't injured because the knife didn't go through.
"I was thinking I was going to end up stabbed in China and if he got to us at the back of the bus, I was going to have to fight this man with a knife," Griner said in an email to The Associated Press.
The man was yelling as he chased the players onto the bus. She said he left the scene, and then returned covered in blood and was apprehended by Chinese authorities.
"The guy was clearly either mentally ill or very drunk," Griner said. "He was yelling about us hitting his wife and it was pretty clear he had no idea who we were."
The attack took place in the northeastern Chinese city of Shenyang in Leaoning province, said a report on the website of local newspaper Liaoshen Evening, which had few other details of the incident other than that the attacker was drunk.
Despite the incident, Griner said she still feels safe in China.
"The game the next day had more security than I had ever seen," she said. "There were three to four cops at every entrance. They were everywhere and the team said they were going to make sure and add more security now too."
Griner had 19 points, 11 rebounds and six blocks in Tuesday night's win over Liaoning Hengye.
The 6-foot-8 Griner plays in the WNBA with the Phoenix Mercury and helped the team win a championship this past September. She led the league with a record 129 blocks and was the WNBA Defensive Player of the Year. She also led the U.S. to a gold medal last month at the FIBA world championship.
"We are thankful Brittney and her teammates are all okay after this incident," the Mercury tweeted from their team account.
This is Griner's second season in China and first with the Beijing Great Wall.
She led Baylor to a 40-0 season and the 2012 NCAA title. She was the No. 1 pick by the Mercury in the 2013 draft.
___
Follow Doug on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dougfeinberg
More:

6 key steps to preventing breast cancerBigg Boss 8
6 important steps to preventing breast cancer
Breast cancer is one of the fiercest ailments that a lot of women face today. In many cases, it turns out to be fatal as it is not detected in its early stages. But if one pays a little heed towards protecting one’s own health, simple steps can waive off the risk of breast cancer. In many countries, like ours, breast cancer awareness is very low.
Breast cancer is a difficult disease to fight but if taken care of well in advance, anyone can survive it. All it takes is a little effort and a cautious lifestyle! So, take a look at few best ways you can prevent the risks of breast cancer.
Also read:
Share 0
Breast cancer is one of the fiercest ailments that a lot of women face today. In many cases, it turns out to be fatal as it is not detected in its early stages. But if one pays a little heed towards
... more 
Breast cancer is one of the fiercest ailments that a lot of women face today. In many cases, it turns out to be fatal as it is not detected in its early stages. But if one pays a little heed towards protecting one’s own health, simple steps can waive off the risk of breast cancer. In many countries, like ours, breast cancer awareness is very low.
Breast cancer is a difficult disease to fight but if taken care of well in advance, anyone can survive it. All it takes is a little effort and a cautious lifestyle! So, take a look at few best ways you can prevent the risks of breast cancer.

Lincoln rides McConaughey spoof to best October in 7 yearsLincoln rides McConaughey spoof to best October in 7 years
Jim Carrey SNL spoof of Lincoln MKC
Sales of Ford's lagging luxury line soared 25 percent last month after comedian Carrey spoofed McConaughey's moody commercials for the new Lincoln MKC sport-utility vehicle on NBC's "Saturday Night Live."
Sales of Ford's lagging luxury line soared 25 percent last month after comedian Carrey spoofed McConaughey's moody commercials for the new Lincoln MKC sport-utility vehicle on NBC's "Saturday Night Live."
By Mark Clothier, Keith Naughton and Madeline O'Leary, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
Automotive Industry Trucks, SUVs and Crossovers The Lincoln Motor Company Matthew McConaughey Television Industry Media Industry Jim Carrey
Lincoln sales soared 25 percent in October, in part due to Jim Carrey's SNL spoof of moody McConaughey ad.
Bad is good: Spoofs mocking Lincoln's MKC ad boost sales 25 percent in October, making Lincoln unusually hip.
SOUTHFIELD, Michigan — Matthew McConaughey and Jim Carrey may have finally figured out how to make Lincoln hip.
Sales of Ford's lagging luxury line soared 25 percent last month after comedian Carrey spoofed McConaughey's moody commercials for the new Lincoln MKC sport-utility vehicle on NBC's "Saturday Night Live." The small SUV had its best sales month ever as Carrey imitated McConaughey's sotto voce musings on life as he rolls down a dark city street. The original ads began airing the previous month.
DETROIT (Reuters) - Incoming Cadillac President Johan de Nysschen - the brand's third boss in two years - faces a daunting task that his predecessors failed to complete: How to reposition General Motors Co's 112-year-old premium brand as a true competitor to BMW and Mercedes-Benz. ( Ben Klayman and Paul Lienert )
Lincoln is benefiting from the introduction of its all-new MKC , an entry in the hot small crossover segment, which has met with positive reviews by car critics. In addition to the marketing campaign, the brand has received extra attention through parodies including on the animated show "South Park,"
Carrey's satirical take on "SNL," viewed more than 7 million times on YouTube.com, caught fire in social media, giving Lincoln the kind of buzz it hasn't seen since the Kennedy administration. That buttresses Ford's multi-billion investment to try to make Lincoln relevant again, starting with models like the MKC, aimed at young strivers with a $33,995 starting price, the lowest among compact luxury SUVs.
"For a brand like Lincoln, that buzz is helping them quite a bit," John Krafcik, president of TrueCar.com and a former Ford engineering executive, said in an interview. "Jim Carrey was magnificent in his spoof. I haven't met anyone who hasn't absolutely loved that."
In the fake ads, a staple of the show since the '70s, Carrey slouches behind the wheel of an MKC, rolling thumb and forefinger as McConaughey does in one of his Lincoln ads.
"Sometimes you gotta go back to actually move forward," Carrey says in the parody that suggested the finger roll came after an act of nasal grooming. "And I don't mean go back and reminisce or chase ghosts. I mean take a big step back. Like go from winning an Oscar to doing a car commercial."
Ford has embraced the parodies, much like General Motors capitalized on the social-media sensation created last week when a nervous Chevrolet sales manager bungled his presentation of a pickup to World Series Most Valuable Player Madison Bumgarner. GM quickly tweeted the manager's ad-lib that the Chevy truck had "technology and stuff," and the automaker has since included the line in its advertising.
"It's fun to see how the team at Lincoln have decided to lean into that in a similar fashion to how the folks at Chevrolet have leaned into 'technology and stuff,' " Krafcik said. For Lincoln, landing Oscar-winner McConaughey "was impeccable timing. Everything that's happened since indicates that it was a very, very savvy move."
Ford still has a long road ahead to turn around Lincoln, still an afterthought in the U.S. luxury race, after sales fell 65 percent through last year from its 1990 peak. Lincoln had its best October in seven years, trailing Nissan's Infiniti by only 162 sales. Yet its 8,883 deliveries last month were less than a third of the 30,602 that BMW reported.
The MKC's nascent success is a small step forward for Chief Executive Officer Mark Fields' plan to revive Lincoln, best known in recent years for the Town Car, an airport shuttle for business travelers that the company no longer makes. He revealed plans in September to invest $2.5 billion in Lincoln over the next five years to introduce the brand in China and roll out eight new models by 2020. Lincoln debuted the MKZ sedan last year and plans to introduce redesigned versions of its MKX SUV and MKS big sedan next year.
cComments
It's going to take more than McConaughey to pull Lincoln out of the gutter. It's going to take Lincoln models that are more than gussied-up Fords (The MKC is a Ford Escape.) The commercials showing old Lincolns, and trying to associate them with current models, are laughable; those...
DaveB9
3
"The MKC comes at a critical time for Lincoln because Ford is trying to build that brand and needed a new product in the right segment," Alec Gutierrez, senior analyst at KBB.com. "If you look at that luxury compact SUV segment, it's the fastest growing segment in the industry, up 19 percent year-to-date compared with the 5 percent gain for the wider industry."
MKCs stayed on dealer lots an average of 18 days, John Felice, Ford's U.S. sales chief, said on a call Monday with analysts and reporters. Mainstream brands aim for a turn-rate of about 60 days. Luxury brands typically sell more quickly.
McConaughey's MKC commercials debuted in September and were quickly parodied by talk show hosts Ellen DeGeneres and Conan O'Brien. DeGeneres edited herself into the back seat of the MKC while McConaughey stares down a beefy bull. DeGeneres said she can't see the longhorn until she starts eating McConaughey's brownies, apparently laced with marijuana. The spoof played off McConaughey's breakout role as a drug- addled stoner in 1993's "Dazed and Confused."
The actor, who turns 45 Tuesday, has undergone a career renaissance -- dubbed a McConaissance -- that Lincoln would covet. After years of appearing in forgettable romantic comedies such as "Failure to Launch," he sought more substantial roles and won an Oscar this year for his portrayal of a Texas party boy with AIDS in "Dallas Buyers Club."
The association with McConaughey is bringing younger buyers into Lincoln showrooms and onto its website, Felice said.
"People come in here and say, 'Oh, he's my favorite actor, he's just wonderful,' " J.T. Hartman, sales manager at Jacky Jones Lincoln in Gainesville, Georgia, said in an interview. "They talk more about Matt than the car. He is driving them in there."
Ford is playing to its strengths to boost Lincoln sales initially with SUVs such as the MKC and the Navigator, Krafcik said.
"If you look at where Lincoln has permission to play successfully right away, it makes all the sense in the world that it's on the utility side," Krafcik said. "Ford, as a company, has a lot of credibility there."
Automakers have long turned to well-known figures to attract attention or re-focus a brand.
"You've got to be very careful when you do things with celebrity endorsements," Fred Diaz, Nissan's head of sales and marketing for North America, said in an interview. "If it's not a genuinely good fit with the brand, consumers will see right through that."
Sergio Marchionne, CEO of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, put rapper Eminem behind the wheel of its revamped 200 for a memorable 2011 Super Bowl ad. Sales of what had been a lackluster model more than doubled that year.
But when Ford hired comedian Jimmy Fallon to produce a 2013 Super Bowl ad for Lincoln using Twitter feedback, the spot was widely panned and didn't generate sales for Lincoln's then-new MKZ model.
Nissan started an endorsement for its Rogue with the NBC television show "The Voice," which has helped sales of the small SUV rise 23 percent this year, Diaz said.
"It's a chicken or egg thing," Diaz said. "Is it great marketing, great product, or a combination of both? I know if we don't create awareness of the new Rogue in the marketplace, no one will know. But when consumers go into a dealership, they have to like that what they see."
The MKC is attracting solid reviews. Car and Driver magazine wrote of the MKC: "Lincoln has finally, gently broken free from its reputation for building overpriced, reskinned Fords."
Ultimately, though, Ford needs to develop a flagship premium sedan for Lincoln that's priced above $70,000 and casts a halo over the entire brand.
"Maybe the first way through for Lincoln, as they strive to become a world-class brand, is to excel on the utility side," Krafcik said. "But a premium brand needs a flagship premium sedan. You build the whole brand around that piece."
cComments
It's going to take more than McConaughey to pull Lincoln out of the gutter. It's going to take Lincoln models that are more than gussied-up Fords (The MKC is a Ford Escape.) The commercials showing old Lincolns, and trying to associate them with current models, are laughable; those...
DaveB9

Jim Carrey SNL spoof of Lincoln MKCThe Lincoln Motor Company Saturday Night Live (tv program)
Jim Carrey SNL spoof of Lincoln MKC
Sales of Ford's lagging luxury line soared 25 percent last month after comedian Carrey spoofed McConaughey's moody commercials for the new Lincoln MKC sport-utility vehicle on NBC's "Saturday Night Live."
Sales of Ford's lagging luxury line soared 25 percent last month after comedian Carrey spoofed McConaughey's moody commercials for the new Lincoln MKC sport-utility vehicle on NBC's "Saturday Night Live."
Sales of Ford's lagging luxury line soared 25 percent last month after comedian Carrey spoofed McConaughey's moody commercials for the new Lincoln MKC sport-utility vehicle on NBC's "Saturday Night Live."
This video is featured in these articles:

Independent Workers and the Freelancer Economyreddit
The one stat you need to know
The 4th annual 2014 MBO Partners State of Independence in America workforce study reports a growing headcount of 17.9 million "solopreneur" independent workers -- or those who regularly work 15 hours or more per week as independents, with most working more than 35 hours per week. This is up 1.2 percent from 2013 and 12.5 percent from the base year of 2011. This growth, which is more than 11 times higher than the 1.1 percent growth in the overall U.S. labor force during this four-year period, demonstrates the continued, structural shift toward independent work.
What this episode is about and why you should care
Today, approximately 30 million workers in America are considered to be independent workers, that's almost 10 percent of the population and this number is expected to grow quite a bit. Long term and life-time employment is dead so we are seeing businesses and "employees" shift towards a new way of working. This need breed of independent worker values being their own boss, autonomy, and flexibility. A recent study by Oxford Economics found that 83 percent of executives are actually going to be increasing their investment in the contingent workforce over the next few years. It's easy to scale, manage, and fill skill gaps when needed. Not to mention it gives people the opportunity to work with top talent and companies from around the world. But what impact will this independent workforce have on how we think about employees and organizations? How will this new type of worker impact the future of work?
In this episode I talked to Gene Zeno, CEO and founder of MBO partners, a leading business platform that helps independent consultants succeed. They offer services that support the freelancers in tax handling, expense, benefit, payment and contract management with direct vendor access into enterprises. We cover quite a bit in this podcast, enjoy!
What you will learn in this episode
What does the freelance economy mean for the businesses? What does it means for us as employees?
What is the state of freelance economy in America and the world
How to define a solopreneur, an independent worker, or a side-giger
What role does government regulation and policy play in the freelancer economy?
How will our traditional idea of employment change?
Is long-term employment realistic?
How are companies changing the way they think about work and are they shifting to more task and project based styles?
What should organizations be thinking about when it comes to the freelancer economy?

Report: Senior Al Qaeda Official Killed In U.S. Drone Strike In YemenSenior Al Qaeda Official Killed In U.S. Drone Strike In Yemen: Report
Reuters
Updated:
11/05/2014  4:59 pm EST
Yemeni troops they take part in an offensive against extremists in the southern province of Shabwa, on May 7, 2014.(STR/AFP/Getty Images) | STR via Getty Images
reddit
SANAA, Nov 5 (Reuters) - A senior al Qaeda official wanted  by the United States and a local leader of the militant group's  affiliate, Ansar al-Sharia, were killed in a drone strike in  central Yemen overnight, tribal sources said on Wednesday.
Nabil al-Dahab, leader of Ansar al-Sharia in Yemen's  al-Bayda province, was killed along with four other al Qaeda  members, including Shawki al-Badani, the sources said. Badani is  a leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula who is wanted by  the United States.
The U.S. State Department has designated Badani as a "global  terrorist," saying he was linked to at least two plots against  the U.S. embassy in Sanaa and a 2012 suicide bombing in the  Yemeni capital that killed more than 100 soldiers.
A June 17, 2014, posting on the State Department website  said the Yemeni government had offered a $100,000 reward for  information about Badani. It also reported Yemeni authorities   describing him as one of "the most dangerous terrorists  affiliated with al Qaeda."
U.S. drone strikes killed at least 10 suspected al Qaeda  militants on Tuesday in central Yemen, where fighting between  members of Ansar al-Sharia and rebel Shi'ite Muslim Houthi  fighters also killed 10 people, tribesmen said.
Fighting has flared in different parts of Yemen since the  Houthis rose to dominance in recent months, threatening the  fragile stability of a country that borders Saudi Arabia, the  world's biggest oil exporter.
Houthi forces took over Sanaa in September and fanned out  into central and western Yemen. That antagonized Sunni tribesmen  and al Qaeda militants, who regard the Houthis as heretics.
A tribal leader said one of Dahab's bodyguards was confirmed  to have been killed in the overnight air strike, but he could  not confirm Dahab himself had been killed because other bodies  had been obliterated beyond recognition.
Other residents of Dahab's al-Manaseh village said they  could neither confirm nor refute the reported death of the local  Ansar al-Sharia leader, saying he had not been heard from since  the Houthis captured the area last month.
The United States acknowledges using drones in Yemen but  does not comment publicly on the practice. Sunni Islamist al  Qaeda and its affiliates in Yemen are among the most active  wings of the network founded by Osama bin Laden.
A statement issued by residents of the Qifa region, where  the air strikes have taken place, complained that the strikes by  both the U.S. drones and the Yemeni air force were targeting  "women and children at home."
"Those who are fighting the Houthis in Radda are the sons of  the local tribes, and those who say they are al Qaeda ...are  making these charges to justify the drones rocketing our houses  and killing our families," the statement said.     (Reporting by Mohammed Ghobari; Writing by Sami Aboudi; Editing  by William Maclean and Dominic Evans)
More:

Al Qaeda grooming Indian militants for big attacks: Intelligence officials'Al Qaeda grooming Indian militants for big attacks'
Reuters  New Delhi, November 06, 2014
First Published: 12:15 IST(6/11/2014) | Last Updated: 01:09 IST(7/11/2014)
Comments
Decrypted communications between Indian Mujahideen (IM) and al Qaeda and testimony from suspects have triggered alarm among intelligence officials in New Delhi: the groups appear to be working together to launch major attacks in the region.
The officials told Reuters that plots they had uncovered included the kidnapping of foreigners and turning India into a "Syria and Iraq where violence is continuously happening".
Allegiances between Islamist militant groups can be murky and fleeting, and providing concrete proof of operational ties is notoriously difficult.
But Indian security agencies said evidence they had gathered pointed to growing ties between al Qaeda and IM, a home-grown movement hitherto known for low-level attacks on local targets using relatively crude weapons like pressure cooker bombs.
Weeks after al Qaeda announced the formation of a South Asia wing to strike across the subcontinent, agencies said they had discovered IM members were training with al Qaeda and other groups in Pakistan and Afghanistan for major attacks.
Security officials cite last Sunday's deadly suicide bombing on the Pakistani side of a border crossing with India, and a terror alert on Tuesday at two eastern ports that forced the Indian navy to withdraw two ships, as evidence that militant coordination and activity are on the rise.
"The thing we are looking for is how al Qaeda/ISIS tie up with local groups, especially as the drawdown takes place in Afghanistan," said Sharad Kumar, head of the National Investigation Agency (NIA).
Hardened fighters head home?
ISIS, also known as Islamic State, has carved out swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria, but its influence over militant groups in South Asia is believed to be limited so far.
Al Qaeda is deeply entrenched, however, with leader Ayman al-Zawahri believed to be hiding near the Afghan-Pakistan border and its militants fighting NATO forces in Afghanistan.
 Foreign combat troops are due to withdraw at the end of the year.
Some members of IM are already fighting alongside al Qaeda in Afghanistan, according to an Indian government chargesheet against 11 suspected members of the group alleged to have plotted attacks in India.
The worry is that more battle hardened fighters could now turn their sights on their homeland.
Others have enlisted with al Qaeda to try to carry out kidnappings of Jews in India and Nepal to secure the release of Pakistani Aafia Siddiqui, a neuroscientist jailed for 86 years in the United States for attempting to kill US soldiers in Afghanistan.
Siddiqui is a cause-celebre among global militant groups, including Islamic State, which proposed swapping her for American journalist James Foley before executing him when its demands were not met.
IM has also been urged by al Qaeda to open a base in Myanmar to avenge attacks on Rohingya Muslims, said the chargesheet prepared by the NIA, which has gathered hundreds of pieces of evidence of Internet conversations and meetings between militants in India, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
'Itching for action'
The Internet chats, which the United States helped Indian investigators to decipher, reveal tensions between IM and Pakistan's powerful Inter-Services Intelligence agency, which India says has nurtured the group with finance and equipment.
In one conversation, Riaz Bhatkal, one of the founders of IM now based in the Pakistani city of Karachi, tells his men that it was important to build direct ties with al Qaeda, cutting out Pakistan agents whom he described as "dogs".
He talks about visiting al Qaeda leaders in the tribal belt on the Afghan-Pakistan border, despite ISI orders not to do so.
"It has been clear for some time that there is no group that is fully within ISI control. They are all itching for independent action, some want to have a go at us immediately," said an Indian security official.
Pakistani officials deny they have links with the militants. "This is an outdated story. It does not serve any purpose for Pakistan to support such groups," said a senior intelligence official in Islamabad, requesting anonymity as he was not authorised to speak to the media about the issue.
"These terrorists are openly attacking us, the army, innocent civilians, everyone here is a target," he told Reuters. "Why would they do so if we were helping them in any way?"
On Sunday, at least 57 Pakistanis were killed in a suicide bombing at Wagah, which the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar group, whose leader has ties to al Qaeda, said was also aimed at India.
A spokesperson issued a direct warning to Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, saying his group would avenge the killings of Muslims in Kashmir and Gujarat.
Two Indian naval warships were abruptly ordered back to sea on Tuesday, a day after they docked at Kolkata port after intelligence agencies issued a terror alert.
On Wednesday the warning was widened to the neighbouring Haldia port, the site of a huge petrochemicals complex.
Kolkata Port Trust deputy chairman Manish Jain, who is also in charge of the Haldia port complex, said security had been enhanced several times over in both the ports.
He did not have more details, but a police officer in Kolkata said they had been warned of an attack by Pakistan-based militants.
"It is the Afghan drawdown, there is a competition to do something spectacular. Wagah was the first," the officer said.

Qualcomm: licence to bill© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/e3f2fa18-657a-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Phased retirement officially starts for feds  but dont count on itBy Eric Yoder November 6
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
The long-awaited authority for federal workers to phase into retirement officially begins Thursday, but it is still unclear how soon, how widely and under what conditions agencies will give their employees that opportunity.
The government now can accept applications for the hybrid arrangement designed to allow retirement-eligible employees to cut back while keeping a hand in their work. Phased retirees are to work half time while collecting half of their salaries and half of the annuities they have accumulated to that point—and spending a fifth of their working time mentoring their successors.
However, several of the largest agencies have told their employees they will have to wait at least until sometime next year to seek phased retirement. In other agencies, employees mostly are hearing crickets.
“It’s frustrating when my own agency can’t give me a timeline of when to expect phased retirement or if it is even an option,” Alexis Slebodnick, a retirement-eligible computer forensics analyst with Immigration and Customs Enforcement in Sterling, Va., said in an e-mail.
Gretchen Campbell, a retirement-eligible senior attorney at the Environmental Protection Agency, said by e-mail, “Absolutely no information has been provided to employees by EPA management. . . .doesn’t sound like EPA has any plan at this point and lots of folks this was aimed at are leaving because they have no idea if or when this will ever happen at EPA.”
“I’ve been following this closely, this is something I’d very much like to do,” Jean Rigdon, a medical technologist at the Veterans Affairs medical center in Jackson, Miss., said in a phone interview. “I have been actively seeking information, but so far, nothing. I asked what is my next step and they said wait, we’ve got to get guidance.”
One definite thing she was told, Rigdon said, was that if phased retirement is ever to be in the cards for her, it would take three layers of approval.
An EPA spokesperson said the agency “will be sending a memo to employees soon describing our policies for offering phased retirement.” The Department of Homeland Security, the parent department of ICE, did not respond to a request for comment. A spokeswoman for VA said she was looking into the agency’s policy.
Jessica Klement, legislative director of the National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association, said that the organization sent an e-mail this week to more than 100 members who have expressed a particular interest in phased retirement asking what they have been told. None replied that the option will be available to them anytime soon, she said.
“It’s either ‘I’ve heard nothing’ or ‘not for a while,’” Klement said. “A common theme is ‘I’m no longer going to wait. I’m going to make my own retirement plans.’ This option has been eagerly anticipated by a portion of the federal workforce but now they’re fed up and making their plans independent of phased retirement.”
One of the most significant changes to federal benefits policies in recent years, phased retirement already has been a long time coming. The Obama administration proposed it in 2010, and two years later Congress approved it as part of an unrelated law. The Office of Personnel Management issued draft rules another year later, and still another year passed before final rules were issued in August. Those rules become effective Thursday.
The rules specified that phased retirement is voluntary for both the worker and the employing agency, and spelled out eligibility policies. For example, employees first must qualify for retirement under one of several combinations of age and years of service, and certain categories are excluded, such as those subject to mandatory retirement. Other guidance  addressed benefits issues and how annuities will be recalculated when phased retirees later take full retirement.
“To me, this program is a win-win,” OPM director Katherine Archuleta said in a blog post at the time. “Employees can design a smooth transition into the next phase of their lives, and agencies across government can get a head start on succession planning.”
Many employees agree.
“I feel [phased retirement] serves my personal preferences. It would benefit the agency in terms of not losing experienced personnel and help in mentoring new employees, and therefore would benefit the public as well,” Saul Nathanson, a retirement-eligible Social Security Administration administrative law judge in Charlotte, N.C., said via e-mail.
“I think this is an excellent option both professionally and personally. I will be able to phase out of my job and train the person taking over my work. And I can test the financial waters personally without diving right in,” Lisa Haugen, a management and program analyst with EPA in Lenexa, Kan., said in an e-mail.
“I would like to transition with my replacement and concentrate on mentoring the five employees who want to train to be silviculturists [forest tree cultivators],” Lori Blackburn of the Forest Service in Oregon said in an e-mail. “There is a shortage of certified silviculturists in Forest right now and when I retire there will not be a replacement for me with the depth of skills to mentor. I plan to retire soon and this will be too late.”
An SSA spokesman said that while some employees have expressed interest in phased retirement, “until we make a decision, Social Security is not soliciting applications from our employees.” The Forest Service did not respond to a request for comment.
OPM, the government’s central personnel agency, said in a statement that phased retirement “is fully under the discretion of each agency… agencies are encouraged to implement phased retirement in a manner that best suits both the agency’s and eligible employees’ needs.”
“The timelines for agency implementation of phased retirement may vary widely,” OPM said. “Agencies may still need time to prepare policies and procedures; update payroll and human resources systems; and meet their bargaining obligations.”
Several agencies that said they are not ready have cited the time needed to craft policies that the OPM rules left in their hands. Those include how they will decide on requests, whether they will limit the time phased retirements can last, and what they consider to be mentoring.
The largest, the Defense Department, told its civilian employees in a fact sheet that “there are policy decisions, automation updates, and bargaining unit requirements that will impact when DoD employees may begin to apply. The Department is currently developing implementing guidance and identifying challenges or limitations. The projected date for Department-wide implementation is early calendar year 2015.”
The SSA meanwhile has said it could take longer—if it carries out the program at all. It told employees in an e-mail that management is “working very hard to determine if it is an appropriate program for SSA . . . .If the agency decides to implement a program, it would be sometime in 2015 or later before employees can participate since we must take many preparatory steps and fulfill our labor-management obligations.”
Colleen M. Kelley, president of the National Treasury Employees Union, said that “everywhere I go without exception I get asked this question by someone, ‘When is it going to happen?’ Unfortunately, I’ve had to tell them my best guess is that it will be early spring before any agency is ready to do it.”
Kelley said that NTEU has been reaching out to agencies where it has bargaining units to begin negotiations. The union in particular will push for equity so that phased retirement is not made available only to managers and not to front-line employees, for example.
“My concern all along with this is that no [agency] would want to be first and that they would proceed very slowly with this—maybe because they don’t believe in it, maybe because it’s so new,” she said. “We really are pushing this hard. and we want to see it be a reality and not just something that’s been passed but won’t be acted on.”

Tata Comm partners Google for cloud computin...Tata Communications partners Google for cloud computing services
PTI Nov 7, 2014, 12.31AM IST
Tags:
Amazon Web Services
(Global internet solution…)
NEW DELHI: Global internet solution provider Tata Communications today said it has become authorised partner for Google Cloud Platform.
Under the terms of this agreement, Google's new service, Google Cloud Interconnect will connect with Tata Communications' IZO Public platform that enables companies to set up their cloud computing facility.
"Together with Google, we are committed in creating an ecosystem to make the Internet fit for business to address how businesses use the Internet to connect to the cloud in a secure and predictable way," Tata Communications' NextGen Business CEO Julie Woods-Moss said in a statement.
Cloud platform offers access to computing facility like storage or software on pay as per use model instead of buying the full product at one go. Most of the companies are now accessing software and storage through cloud business model to reduce their expenses as per business needs.
Large corporates generally make their own private network due to their requirement of high speed access and delivery of data as well as to keep their data secure.
Tata Communications has already partnered with Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure for IZO platform. The company launched IZO platform last week in 34 countries and plans to expand it to 100 countries by 2016.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A Civil War soldier is getting the Medal of Honor. This 94-year-old woman is responsible.Katie Zezima/Washington Post
This post has been updated. 
DELAFIELD, Wis. – Margaret Zerwekh has spent years attempting to secure the Medal of Honor for a man who died decades before she was born.
Zerwekh, 94, spent decades lobbying Congress, the military and the White House to give the nation’s highest military honor to 1st Lt. Alonzo Cushing, who was wounded numerous times during the Battle of Gettysburg and died on the battlefield.
On Thursday, her work was rewarded when President Obama posthumously awarded the medal of honor to Cushing, a West Point graduate who was 22 when he died on July 3, 1863.
“He saved the Union,” Zerwekh said on a chilly fall morning at her home in a converted mill in this city about 27 miles west of Milwaukee. In Delafield, there is a Cushing elementary school and a Cushing Park, which holds  a memorial to fallen soldiers and a massive fort in which children play.
“He helped make this country what it is, and it’s still a great country,” Zerwekh.
President Obama awarded the Medal of Honor in a White House ceremony Thursday to descendants of Civil War soldier First Lt. Alonzo H. Cushing, more than 151 years after the Battle of Gettysburg. (AP)
Zerwekh moved into the mill, with its exposed wood beams, high ceilings and large windows that overlook cattails and a river, in the late 1960s with her second husband, who bought the property after World War II. He was serving in France and saw an old mill there, which inspired him to come back to Delafield and buy the property.
“He said I know a place like that in Wisconsin and I’m going to buy it,” she said of her late husband.
Soon after they moved in, she became curious about who had lived on the property before them.
She started research in the town historical society and discovered that the property was once owned by the Cushing family, who moved to Delafield from New York.
The more Zerwekh searched, the more intrigued she became. The Cushings were a military family: Alonzo’s brother William was in the Navy during the Civil War and helped defeat a Confederate ship. Brother Howard was also a military man, killed in Arizona.
On July 3, 1863, the Battle of Gettysburg raged into its third day. In the afternoon, Confederate soldiers made what is now known as Pickett’s Charge at the Union Army, directly at the battery commanded by Cushing.
His battalion was bombarded and left with only two working guns. Cushing himself was wounded in the stomach and shoulder, but refused to leave the front lines. With Confederate soldiers just 100 yards away, he continued to give orders until he was shot again and killed.
According to a copy of a letter written by an Army lieutenant to Cushing’s sister, Cushing, after he was wounded, asked the lieutenant to stand by him “so that I could impart his orders to the battery,” it reads. “I wanted him to go to the rear. ‘No,’ he said. ‘I’ll stay right here and right it out, or die in the attempt.’” Zerwekh found the letter in her research.
“The Civil War was a terrible situation,” she said.
Zerwekh said she was so inspired by his bravery that she decided she should try to get Cushing the Medal of Honor.
“Everybody knows what the Medal of Honor is and not everybody knows about the Cushings,” she said. “It’s a great honor.”
First Lt. Alonzo H. Cushing. (AP Photo/Wisconsin Historical Society, File)
 
Zerwekh started writing to her local officials and then started a decades-long campaign of appealing to Washington. Her home is filled with file folders stuffed full with letters, photos, archival material and more that she’s collected or sent to people over the years.
She’s written to every member of Congress from Wisconsin, the late Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, numerous presidents and even Hollywood, when in 1991, she heard that a miniseries was being made about the Civil War.
The whole time there was one goal: get Cushing the Medal of Honor.
“I thought at the time we started it would eventually happen,” Zerwekh, a black knit cap on her head, said. “It had to keep going. I had to keep going. It was the aim.”
Last year, Congress passed legislation sponsored by Rep. Ron Kind (D-Wis.) to suspend the time limit by which a person can posthumously be awarded the Medal of Honor, allowing it to be given to Cushing.
"It's never too late to do the right thing, even after more than 150 years," Kind said in a statement.
In 1998, the plaque honoring the Cushings at Cushing Park was stolen; it was found, with the assistance of the Milwaukee Police Department, in Illinois.
“It should be noted that once this plaque had been returned to the City of Delafield, Ms. Zerwekh was overcome with great relief and joy upon her viewing the plaque she broke down as if a parent was reunited with a lost or missing child,” Delafield’s police chief, Reid F. Brueser, wrote to Sen. Russ Feingold (D-Wis.) in 2003.
Zerwekh lives in the mill with her daughter, Sally Weber.
“Mom takes off like a shot” when she finds something she’s interested in, Weber said. “If she joins your gang, you’re going to work like crazy.”
On a recent morning the phone rang at their home. It was the Pentagon, inviting them to the ceremony. Weber fretted – she didn’t know her mother’s Social Security number, and they don’t have a computer to book the plane tickets. Yet they were determined to get to Washington.
Zerwekh, a bit overwhelmed after the phone call, smiled, her lips pursed.
“It’s an honor. It’s an honor for Cushing,” she said. “All of these years. There’s been a lot of them.”
Zerwekh got an honor of her own at the White House Thursday - personal recognition from President Obama.
Obama said Zerwekh spent years "researching, writing letters, and raising her voice to ensure that this American soldier received the recognition that he so richly he deserved."
Obama joked that he might ask Zerwekh for some post-election help.
"And what’s more, she even managed to bring Republicans and Democrats together to make this happen," Obama said at a ceremony in the Roosevelt Room. "Margaret, we may call on you again sometime in the next several months."
 

D.C. bill would make it easier for cyclists  pedestrians to collect damagesBy Luz Lazo November 6 Follow @luzcita
(Robert Thomson/Washington Post)
Advocates for cyclists and pedestrians rallied Thursday morning in support of a D.C. bill that would make it easier for cyclists to collect damages when they’re injured in collisions with vehicles.
Current law recognizes contributory negligence, meaning that if the cyclist or pedestrian is found to be 1 percent at fault in a crash, he or she cannot recover damages.
The legislation, which is up for a vote in a D.C. Council committee on Friday, would end the contributory negligence standard in favor for a comparative negligence scheme. Although the change has great support from the cycling community and other transportation advocates, insurers’ groups say they are concerned about the impact it would have on insurance costs.
Council member Tommy Wells, chair of the Committee on the Judiciary and Public Safety said the change is long overdue, but acknowledged the bill is unlikely to advance out of committee — this is the third time it has been introduced.
“This bill will likely meet the fate of all the others where the insurance lobby has been able to work the council members to get them to vote against it,” Wells said at a Thursday morning news conference. “It takes a more popular uprising to say that voters are more important than money.”
The bill’s sponsor, Council member David Grosso (D-At-Large), said he still hopes the five-member committee will vote in favor of the legislation, but he said he was already prepared to reintroduce the measure in January.
Supporters say the District and four other states are the only remaining jurisdictions in the nation with the “outdated and unjust negligence standard.” When introduced, the bill only covered cyclists, but since its September hearing, it has been expanded to also cover pedestrians and people with disabilities, including those who use wheelchairs.
“Fairness, safety and equity are the basic principles of this legislation,” Grosso said. “This amendment significantly enhances the bill, adding a needed layer of protection for those residents who rely on alternate means of transportation to get around the city.”
The Washington Area Bicyclist Association says the bill is “desperately needed,” especially as the number of bike commuters continues to grow in the District. Recent census data suggests that 4.5 percent of working D.C. residents commute by bicycle and 13.6 percent walk to work.
“It is well past time for D.C. to join the majority of states in bringing fairness to the legal system for vulnerable roadway users,” said Shane Farthing, WABA’s executive director.
Farthing said the current law does not work in today’s transportation environment and in a city that encourages people to bike, walk or use public transportation to get around.
“Our city, our leaders can’t support a program… where we get people out of the cars, on the bikes, on their feet, walking around and then when something goes wrong and they get hit they maintain this unjust, unfair legal system that intentionally blames the victim and denies claims, leaving them injured and uncompensated,” he said.
WABA is launching a voting record scorecard with this bill, he said. The group wiill be sending an e-mail tomorrow to thousands its members and supports reporting how each committee member voted.
(The Washington Post has contacted offices of the other four committee members to ask whether they support the bill, but as of this posting had heard back from them.)
Martha Dye, 47, a bike commuter who was injured last year while riding on Constitution Avenue and 17th Street NW, said she would be disappointed if the bill dies in committee. When she was hit in February of last year, the insurance company denied her compensation for the injuries she suffered.
“I had the green light, I was in the crosswalk and the car turned right anyway, and hit me and I was hurt,” she said. “I had some nice-looking bruises and my bike was messed up and it cost me several hundred dollars. I went through the process with the insurance company and they said no.”
In a letter, the insurance company told Dye, “Your actions, proceeding when it was not safe to do so, contributed to this loss. In the absence of legal liability, we would not be justified in making settlement. Therefore, we must deny payment of this claim.”
“It is absurd– here I am with the green light and hit by a car and they say there is no liability,” she said. “This needs to change. It is always the pedestrians and the cyclists that are losing out because we are the ones that get hurt in those situations.”
The American Insurance Association says the change is unnecessary and would result in significant cost increases to D.C. drivers.
“There is likely to be a significant cost impact to D.C. drivers, taxpayers, businesses, and the government itself,” said Eric M. Goldberg, vice president of the association.
The association says that auto insurers settle and pay bicyclist claims all the time and that changing the law will result higher premiums for drivers– and could potentially encourage some drivers to drop their insurance.
“In D.C., around one in five drivers is already uninsured,” the group said. “Economically disadvantaged people are most impacted by increases in auto insurance prices – they would be the most likely to drop coverage when it becomes unaffordable. Having more insured drivers benefits everyone.”
Some D.C. residents also oppose the legislation, saying the District should instead address the rising conflicts on the road by enforcing traffic laws fairly among drivers, cyclists and pedestrians.
“What I do feel needs to be addressed is for cyclists and pedestrians alike to learn to respect and obey the rules of the road,” said Jennifer White who lives in Ward 4. She said she often encounters pedestrians blocking cars and cyclists drifting through red lights, not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign, riding the center lanes to avoid sitting in traffic and failing to use hand signals to alert a vehicle that they are turning right.
“They act like they own the road,” she said. “If we are all expected to share the road, then we should all be expected to obey the rules or face the consequences.”
Luz Lazo writes about transportation and development. She has recently written about the challenges of bus commuting, Metro’s dark stations, and the impact of sequestration on air travel.

Construction of seven tunnel roads for Delhi proposedDelhi traffic police have proposed construction of seven tunnel roads in the city, a move that will open up badly clogged stretches like ITO where traffic jams are expected to come down by 80%, sources said on Thursday.
 
These roads are likely to be short – each around 1 kilometre to 2.5 kilometres in length – to make them cost-effective and allow motorists to use them as soon as possible.
 
“If you look at the way roads have been planned in Delhi you will notice that a lot of stretches have been left disconnected. The idea is to connect the missing links and provide an alternative route for commuters,” said Anil Shukla, joint commissioner of police (traffic).
 
A high-powered committee of the union transport ministry will soon examine the proposal and the traffic police hope at least one tunnel road will be ready in two years.
 
HT had run a 24-part series, Unclog Delhi, in August and September, identifying the city’s most congested stretches and possible ways to free them up.
 
These tunnel roads will connect parallel locations, for instance Bhagwan Das Road and Old Fort to Ring Road, easing traffic jams in adjacent areas like ITO, Mandi House, Tilak Marg, Mathura Road and Pragati Maidan.
 
A traffic police report says over 100,000 vehicles pass through the ITO crossing every day.
 

Amit Shah asked me to take up assignment at Centre: ParrikarComments
Breaking his silence over reports about his possible appointment as defence minister, Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday said BJP chief Amit Shah had asked him to take up an assignment at the Centre, if offered, and that he was willing to shoulder the responsibility.
He also said though he does not feel comfortable about shifting to Delhi, he will take up the responsibility "if nation requires" his services.
"Party President Amit Shah spoke to me in the morning and asked me to accept any assignment that would be given by the Prime Minister,"
Parrikar told reporters. However, he did not disclose whether Prime Minister Narendra Modi had offered him the defence portfolio during their meeting on Wednesday.
"I want to give proper information as far as joining the cabinet is concerned. It is the prerogative of the Prime Minister. However, I would like to inform that the party has indicated to me that if such assignment comes, you should accept it," he said.
Parrikar said if any offer had to come, it would have to be before November 9, when union cabinet would be expanded. "The party would not have asked me (to accept the offer) if they (top BJP leaders) had not interacted with the Prime Minister," he added.
Parrikar, who led BJP to victory in the 2012 Assembly polls, said he was not comfortable about having to shift to the Centre. "I am not comfortable, I have too much affection towards the state. But rationality tells me if nation requires your services, I should take it.
Whenever Goa wants my services, I will be there," he said. "One reservation (about moving to Delhi) is because I have been elected for a five-year term with a popular mandate.
My feeling is unless I complete the term it is not right on my part to leave mid-way. If I get an offer from the Prime Minister, then I will let you know what are my reasons for accepting the offer," he said.
Parrikar said he would be meeting BJP MLAs on Friday to brief them about the development. He, however, refused to say anything about who would be his successor. "There are many issues in deciding the successor... his capacity to deliver and to take everyone along. That is party's internal assessment," he said.
Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, who was minister of state in the Vajpayee government, is likely to become minister in charge of statistics and planning, the sources said. His entry will provide the Cabinet another prominent Muslim face, after minority affairs minister Najma Heptullah.
Jayant Sinha, who holds a Harvard MBA and is the son of for mer finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is likely to be inducted as minister of state (MoS), either in the defence or finance ministry. Nirmala Sitharaman may be promoted from MoS to Cabinet minister, likely in charge of the commerce and industry ministry, and give up her current additional role as MoS in the finance ministry.
Haryana leader Birender Singh, who had crossed over from the Congress to the BJP ahead of the Haryana Assembly election, is understood to be in contention for a berth in the council of ministers. He is likely to get independent charge of a ministry.
BJP’s youth wing chief Anurag Thakur, a Lok Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, and Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who was instrumental in uncovering the coal block scam, are other probable candidates.
Bihar MPs Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a Brahmin, and Giriraj Singh, a Bhumihar, are also aid to be serious contenders for a place in the council of ministers. MPs from Uttarakhand and West Bengal may miss the bus again, said sources. Modi is understood to be considering lightening the burden of some ministers holding more than one portfolio.
Ravi Shankar Prasad (law, communication & IT), Prakash Javadekar (I&B and environment), Nitin Gadkari (rural development, road transport & highway, panchayati raj and drinking water) and Piyush Goyal (power, coal, new and renewable energy) are among the ministers who hold multiple portfolios. Speculation is also rife about changes in Rail Bhawan and in Krishi Bhawan. Given the PM’s motto of “minimum government, maximum governance”, the sources ruled out any large scale expansion. Modi’s present team includes 22 cabinet ministers and an equal number of MoS.

Redskins midseason report cardBy Mike Jones November 6 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Jay Gruden , Bruce Allen & Co. will use some of this week to assess the damage with nine games in the books and a crucial seven-game stretch awaiting when they get back to work following this week’s bye.
Gruden was asked on Monday what kind of a grade he believed his team deserved, and he replied, “ a D or an F-plus, maybe .”
Was he right? Let’s take a look at the three phases of the game and see.
Wide receiver DeSean Jackson has led an offense that ranks in the top 10 in yardage. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Offense 
The numbers aren’t all bad. In fact, in some categories, the Redskins actually have impressed. The Redskins rank fourth in the league in total yards (3,482) and sixth in yards per game (386.2). Washington’s 282.3 passing yards per game rank sixth as well. DeSean Jackson leads the NFL with five 100-yard games.
However, things start to drop off from there. Washington is just average in the run game (104.6 yards per game , 17th) after ranking among the league leaders the past two seasons. Washington has managed just 21.9 points a game (22nd in the NFL) and the unit has succeeded on only 34.9 percent of their third downs for first downs (29th in the 32-team league). The Redskins also are the fifth-most penalized offense in the league with 67. The yardage total for those penalties (630) is third most behind New England and Pittsburgh, respectively.
The Redskins obviously had a significant injury to deal with when Robert Griffin III dislocated his left ankle in Week 2, but they managed to remain competitive. They just repeatedly came up short, just as they did Sunday when Griffin returned.
Turnovers have been a problem. The offense has 17 giveaways — fourth-most in the league. Weaknesses remain along the offensive line as well, and in an attempt to shore up pass protection, we have seen coaches go with one position change: Tom Compton for Tyler Polumbus at right tackle.
Will more moves follow in the second half of the season? Will Griffin settle into a rhythm and start producing game-changing plays in the final seven games? This offense certainly has the weapons to dominate, but it’s a matter of utilizing them all, and avoiding self-inflicted wounds. That didn’t happen consistently enough in the first nine games, and so, this unit doesn’t deserve more than just an okay grade.
Grade: C-
Defense
Fans love to call for Jim Haslett ’s head, but believe it or not, this unit actually has kept the Redskins in games this season. Is this a dominant unit? No. But is it terrible? No. Roller coaster is more like it. We saw dominant performances against Dallas and Jacksonville, and solid outings against Houston and Arizona. We saw a woeful outing against the New York Giants, and a pretty bad showing against Seattle, when they did well containing Marshawn Lynch, but forgot about defending Russell Wilson. Then we saw other games where this team couldn’t get off the field in crucial situations, like Philadelphia and Minnesota, and the team as a result suffered narrow defeats.
This unit has been hit the hardest by injury, losing DeAngelo Hall for the season and Barry Cofield for half of it (he returns next week). Brian Orakpo also has been lost for the season, although he hadn’t made an impact in the pass-rushing game like the team needed.
The Redskins actually don’t give up a lot of yards. They’re 10th best in the NFL in this category, surrendering 333.3 yards per game . Haslett’s unit is seventh-best against the pass, holding foes to 222.9 yards per game, which is surprising considering they can’t get to the quarterback consistently. The unit started out the season very well against the run, but they’ve regressed a bit and now rank 14th in the league, giving up 110.4 yards per game . Points are the problem. The Redskins allow 25.4 points a game (10th-most in the NFL).
The team also has inconsistencies on third downs, allowing foes success on 43 percent of their attempts (18th in the NFL). The biggest area of weakness has come in the takeway department. The defense has only eight turnovers forced in nine games (just three interceptions , and five fumble recoveries ). So, like the offense, there have been some good things. But, points and turnovers are the two most important aspects, and so, that’s the true indicator of the state of this unit.
Grade: D
Special teams 
Tress Way leads the league in punting, and got in on this tackle of Preston Parker too. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
The Redskins’ special teams units opened the year with some disastrous plays, but have since shored things up. The fireworks have been few and far between, however. The returns games have left a lot to be desired as Washington has averaged just 21.0 yards per kickoff return (28th) and 9.1 yards per punt return (13th). The unit has yet to produce a touchdown, either by return or by fumble recovery and runback. Meanwhile, the unit has allowed 26.1 yards per kickoff return (sixth-most in the league). Punt return coverage has been better (8.7 yards per return, 15th).
Place kicker Kai Forbath has rebounded from early-season struggles. He had a point-after attempt blocked, and missed a field goal that could have helped change the outcome of the loss to Philadelphia. Forbath has since done well, making 15 of 16 field goal attempts for an accuracy percentage of 93.8 (tied for sixth-best). He also has 12 touchbacks midway through the season after managing just 14 last season.
Punter Tress Way has been a stud, booming kicks for a league-best average of 49.4 yards. However, the special teams units haven’t helped flip the field nearly enough, and they haven’t pinned opponents deep enough, either.
Grade: C-
Overall
The signs of promise have been there, but the Redskins haven’t been able to put it all together. Even in the Dallas game where the defense did an outstanding job, the offense struggled for much of the game and squandered opportunities. The game against Minnesota was the perfect reflection of how things have gone this season: Big plays on offense, strong effort out of the defense for a half, and then shortcomings that outweighed the good, which translated into a narrow defeat.
Because of the positives, it’s realistic to think this team has a chance to improve in the second half of the season, where Griffin’s presence, Cofield’s return, and possibly the season debut of Leonard Hankerson could also help provide a spark. Points and turnovers are the areas where both offense and defense need to improve. If they do, the results should as well.
 Grade: D+
Post Sports Live:
The crew debates whether the offense or defense is more to blame for the team’s underwhelming performance.
The Post Sports Live crew debates whether the Redskins' offense or defense is more to blame for the team's underwhelming performance. (Post Sports Live/The Washington Post)
More from The Post:

Use the Web Congrats  youre an environmentalist.By Chris Mooney November 6 Follow chriscmooney
AP Photo/Matt Young
As of now, the top three most widely used US search engines, by a considerable margin, are Google, Yahoo, and Microsoft's Bing. If you live in this country and you are actually online, there's well over a 90 percent chance that you use one of them, according to the web data company comScore.
This we all know. But what few people realize is that if you are using these searches, it is growing more and more likely that you are also engaging in what is, in effect, a green pattern of Internet use.
The reason? Google, Yahoo, and Microsoft are part of a growing number of tech and other major companies that are entering into long-term " power purchase" agreements  (PPAs) with wind farms to ensure a steady stream of power, at a fixed cost, over a period as long as several decades. Most recently, last month Yahoo  signed such a deal for wind power in the Great Plains with OwnEnergy, a wind energy developer.
Google -- which is already carbon neutral and now trying to power itself with " 100 % renewable energy " -- has the longest history here. It has three PPA deals in the US wind sector (in Iowa, Oklahoma, and Texas), and  two more  in Sweden. Microsoft, meanwhile, currently has two PPA deals with wind installments located near its data centers in Texas and Illinois. The agreements provide 285 megawatts of power to help drive both Bing searches and also its other online platforms, according to the company's director of energy strategy Brian Janous .
What these deals have in common is that they involve purchasing clean energy in close proximity to the power hungry data centers that these companies operate -- data centers that in turn drive, searches, apps like Gmail, and much more. "These are very energy intensive operations that these companies are planning on running for years, and they know they need electricity," says Emily Williams of the American Wind Energy Association.
Here's a map, created by AWEA, showing companies that have purchased wind lately and where they've done it (the figure includes both PPAs and other kinds of financial arrangements):
Learn About Tableau
Clearly, Google is the leader here. Indeed, the company has a very advanced philosophy for its clean energy acquisitions, explaining in detail why it thinks these PPA arrangements are the way to go.
"Because we've purchased 1,000 megawatts of renewable wind energy for our data centers, you might say using Google is like kite-surfing the internet," said a Google spokesperson.
So does this mean that your search is, very literally, powered by clean energy -- at least some of the time?
In part due to the physics of energy itself, and in part because of the structure of these deals, that question requires a pretty nuanced answer. Unlike with the installation of, say, rooftop solar, in a PPA arrangement companies are not directly plugging their facilities into a wind farm that they actually own. Google argues that that idea doesn't even really make sense -- the best place for siting a data center and the best place for siting a vast wind farm are rarely the same.
So it’s not that the wind power goes directly to the data center. Rather, the companies buy their power most directly from a utility, just like the rest of us. However, through their power purchase agreement, they have provided a fixed stream of payments to a wind farm that is putting power onto the same grid that their data center is sucking power off of. Moreover, this long-term agreement provides enough financial stability that it allows the wind farm to be built in the first place, or for further expansion of the wind industry. Google calls the concept " additionality ," meaning that the company can prove that its actions added more overall wind power to the world.
"What’s really important to sustainability managers in these companies is to be able to say, we went so far as to enter into a direct contract because we knew that it was going to lead to a new wind farm being built," says Jacob Susman, CEO of OwnEnergy, which did the Yahoo deal.
So it's not that the electrons generated from wind go onto the grid and somehow "know" that they then need to go to Google's data facility. Physics prevents any distinguishing between "clean" and "dirty" electrons once they're all on the grid. Rather, it's that these deals make the grid (and the world) greener as a whole. The PPA approach "reduces the grid’s reliance on fossil fuel based energy by replacing it with renewable energy from the wind farm and improves the greenhouse gas emissions profile of the region," adds Charles Esdaile, a managing partner of Altenex, a Boston-based company that serves as a matchmaker between big companies and renewable energy sources.
In Microsoft's case, explains its energy strategy director Brian Janous, the push into wind was driven by the company's own internal imposition of a carbon tax on company operations. This allowed for easier calculation of the financial benefit that clean energy provides. Plus, with the growth of cloud computing, energy costs became paramount. "I think there was a recognition, to the executive level, that energy costs are becoming an increasingly important part of our business, because energy is the raw material of the cloud," says Janous. Power purchase agreements provide long term energy price stability -- and in the future, Janous thinks they'll increasingly be used to acquire solar energy, as well as wind.
"I don’t have control of the electrons, and I can’t ensure that a particular electron is being delivered specifically to my data center," says Microsoft's Janous. "But I can make investments that ensure that the electrons on my grid are cleaner than they were before."
Chris Mooney reports on science and the environment.

Gadkari s sea-link angleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Parrikar may be picked as defence ministerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hyundai Offering Discounts on Diesel Models!Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

G-20: India for global framework to check tax evasionCrossing the line: Mamata takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language use.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Best drivers with ample rest behind most trainaccidentsThe ministry has asked all zonal railways to implement prescribed punishment norms in cases of the SPAD.
Written by Avishek G Dastidar | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 12:05 am
Since April 2011, as many as 240 accidents happened across the railway network due to drivers jumping signals by mistake. Every time, the drivers cited lack of rest and overwork as the reason behind their lapse.
Now, in a fresh analysis of the accidents that looked into the profiles of the erring drivers, the Railway ministry has found that 70 per cent of those accidents involved drivers who had worked for only six hours or less, while 65 per cent were by those who had availed what is known as “complete headquarters rest”.
The findings have thrown the ball in the court of the policy makers in Rail Bhawan since it means that drivers are committing potentially fatal errors despite getting adequate rest and are not being overworked.
Interestingly, in maximum cases, the drivers involved were in the age group of 40-45 years, who are considered adequately experienced.
Reacting to the findings, the Railways says that the only way out now is to try and eliminate the scope of fatal human error in running of trains. “If human error keeps happening, then the only solution for us is to bring in technologies to aid the drivers and stop the scope of such errors. We are ascertaining what kind of technology to deploy,” Devi Prasad Pande, Member (Traffic), Railway Board, told The Indian Express.
Railway unions are usually up in arms against the Railways accusing the national transporter of not giving adequate rest to the drivers, which, they claim, is the chief reason behind accidents due to signal passing at danger (SPAD).
A committee to review duty hours of running staff in the Railways had last year recommended duty hours of nine hours, and in exceptional cases not beyond 11 hours.
The analysis has shown that 84 per cent of the accidents were caused by experienced drivers.
In the light of the findings, the ministry has asked all zonal railways to implement prescribed punishment norms in cases of the SPAD.

Wilful attempts to fan communal passions:KejriwalKejriwal said party will encourage participation of people from other religions in all festivals.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 12:05 am
There is a deliberate attempt to disrupt communal harmony and peace in Delhi, AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal said on Thursday. He said he has directed the party’s former MLAs and Vidhan Sabha convenors to form peace committees against efforts to divide communities.
“There is a pattern of deliberate attempts to arouse communal passions in the recent incidents in Trilokpuri, Bawana, Mundka and Okhla. I appeal to the prominent personalities and all the citizens of Delhi to participate in the efforts to maintain communal harmony,” Kejriwal said.
“Those willing to become part of the harmony committees can send in their names and we will contact them urgently,” he said.
Kejriwal said the party has decided to take a a slew of steps in all 70 constituencies to ward off any attempts to organise an inflammatory meeting and peacefully but firmly oppose them. The party will encourage participation of people from other religions in all festivals.
The former Delhi chief minister also said volunteers should work “to expose the real design of the BJP”.
“In case any incident takes place in your area, do not hesitate to hand over mischievous elements to the police and ensure such elements are not able to give any incident a Hindu-Muslim colour,” he said.

New-gen Kannada writers venture into celluloidUpdated: November 7, 2014 00:22 IST
New-gen Kannada writers venture into celluloid
Staff Reporter
Tweet
Poster of the film Benkipatna
Continuing a long tradition of Kannada litterateurs turning film makers, three new-generation Kannada writers have taken to cinema and are making their maiden films.
Journalist and short story writer T.K. Dayanand has completed his film Benkipatna, and is ready to release the film in December first week. Two other Kannada writers V.R. Carpenter and V.M. Manjunath, who have multiple novels to their credit, are in the pre-production of their films Palti and Highway Guide respectively. Shooting for both films will start soon.
While most of the writers, like Girish Karnad, Baraguru Ramachandrappa and P. Lankesh, who turned filmmakers in the past decades identified themselves with parallel cinema, the new crop is adamantly resisting the label and trying their hand at mainstream films and aspiring for commercial success.
T.K. Dayanand said he was a social activist who has been trying out new mediums to reach out to larger audience and hence his storytelling was aimed to reach a large audience. He said that there was a latent shift in storytelling, and that a serious social issue presented to people with humour would be more effective.
Subaltern cinema
However, the three writers who recently emerged on the Kannada literary scene with their works exploring the often neglected subaltern society, have taken their concerns to cinema as well.
While Benkipatna is a love story of a youth who makes a living selling rat poison and a manual labourer in a moffusil town in Malnad region, V.R. Carpenter’s film is about two mechanics who are exploited by the two-wheeler lifter mafia and V.M. Manjunath’s film is about a man hired as a highway guide for tractors on long trips.
Mr. Dayanand said that he wanted to break the stereotype of portrayal of poverty on screen and also make a counter argument to the urban-steeped mainstream cinema. “I want to celebrate subaltern lives,” said V.R. Carpenter, adding that he was inspired by sub-altern cinema of Tamil like Subramaniapuram. V.M. Manjunath said that he had been trying to explore the subaltern, semi-urban lives and it was but natural that it extended to cinema as well.

Boehner: Need to maximize energy opportunity
The GOP moved the ball forward with black voters  but progress is slowBy Nia-Malika Henderson November 6 Follow @niawapo
Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus smiles during a news conference, during midterm elections, at RNC headquarters on Capitol Hill in Washington, November 4, 2014. (REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst)
Republicans made a multi-million dollar push to engage black voters this cycle,  opening up engagement offices in several states and hiring staffers for media and on-the ground-outreach.
The message, echoed by people like  Sen. Rand Paul  (R-Ky.), was that the GOP would compete for the black vote in hopes of building a base of support that currently doesn't really exist.
So, did that effort pay off? Well, yes -- maybe a little.
Looking at exit polls, in some small measures, Republicans moved the ball forward.
A few numbers:
In 2012 , 93 percent of blacks cast ballots for President Obama, with 6 percent voting for Romney. In the 2010 midterm, the split was 91-9.
In 2014, Republicans saw a very slight bump nationally among African-American voters, who were 12 percent of the electorate. Ten percent of African Americans voted Republican, with 89 percent voting Democratic.
The 89-10 split on African Americans is the best for the GOP since 2006, when it was 89-11.
The GOP hasn't received more than 11 percent of the black vote since 1996.
Republicans have said they want to get into the double digits with black voters, and it appears that in 2014 they reached that goal.
But even with that good news for the GOP, their showing is pretty much in line with history, and there is some mixed news at the state level.
Take North Carolina, where GOP aides reached out to black newspapers and churches to try and make inroads. Sen.-elect Thom Tillis (R-N.C.), who beat Sen. Kay Hagan (D-N.C.), got just 3 percent of the black vote. In 2012, Romney got 4 percent in North Carolina.
Hagan was buoyed by the Moral Mondays efforts, which were led by the state NAACP and brought together several progressive groups to protest actions of the state legislature, where Tillis happens to serve as state House speaker.
In Florida, Gov. Rick Scott (R) hit double digits, earning 12 percent of the black vote -- an 8-point bump from Romney and from Scott's showing in 2010. On the Sunday before Election Day, Scott "secretly visited a black church" for Souls to the Polls.
Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.) has apparently eked out a victory in Virginia, snagging 90 percent of the black vote to Ed Gillespie's (R) 9 percent. Gillespie did a hair better than Romney, who managed 6 percent of the black vote.
Republicans like former RNC chairman Michael Steele argue that black voters were disappointed by the Democratic agenda and were open to voting Republican. Paul has made the same argument, suggesting that in 2016 a Republican candidate (maybe someone like a certain senator from Kentucky?) could get 30 percent of the black vote. But in this cycle, it's hard to find a Republican candidate who got even half that amount.
One of the more interesting cases, though, is Maryland Gov.-elect Larry Hogan (R), who beat Lt. Gov. Anthony Brown (D) in one of Election Day's biggest surprises. Brown would have become that state's first black governor, but anecdotal evidence suggests that black voters weren't engaged in the race,  even as state Democrats invoked Ferguson and Freedom Summer  in mailers.
Hogan did something much smarter. He released an ad featuring a black woman talking about the high price of living in Maryland, complaining about a "tax on rain."
We don't know what share of the black vote Hogan got, since there was no exit poll in Maryland. But this ad is much better than some of the efforts of other conservatives, some who  have tended to race bait , and could provide a helpful template for Republicans looking to make bigger strides with black voters.
After all, Hogan won.
UPDATE: Orlando Watson over at the RNC points out that Ohio Governor, John Kasich got 26 percent of the black vote (33 percent of black men and 20 percent of black women) according to CNN exit polls.   He also snagged an endorsement from the Cleveland Call and Post, the oldest and largest black newspaper in the state.  RNC Chair Reince Priebus was also in Ohio for the launch of a College Republican chapter at Central State University, an historically black college.
Nia-Malika Henderson is a political reporter for The Fix.

Sell sell sell sell sell sell sell sell @ 276 tgt 250 sure .....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sell cmp or every rise target short term 306Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Molly  if we don`t see 7900 in nov  will u leave this i`d Gold Member
23 Followers
bhau ek din Nifty 10000 bolte ho, agle din 6000 ...lafdya kya hai? koi imaan dharam hai ya nahi? hehehehe but mazak accha kar lete ho, I like it
In reply to : molly555 message
12.11 AM Nov 7th

Buy 10% below target feb 15 244Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Govt puts Coal price pooling on hold. Will it ensure active participation in coal auctionsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The Election Hangoverreddit
How do you feel this morning? According to the most recent national polls approximately 33% of us are probably upset, 33% are probably dancing in the aisles and most likely half of the other 33% are probably either one or neither one.
We truly are a divided nation when it comes to our politics if you believe the polls and the media. However, two very recent respected polls shows we are much more united than we think.
According to the Rasmussen Poll, taken July 22, 2014, a vast super majority of Eighty-three percent (83%) of all voters believe that their fellow Americans are not informed voters.
So, we're not as divided as we think. Although the vast majority of us think the vast majority of us are uniformed, we also share more positive qualities about ourselves.
According to a June 2014 Pew Research Poll titled Political Polarization in the American Public, the majority do not have uniformly conservative or liberal views. Most do not see either party as a threat to the nation. And more believe their representatives in government should meet halfway to resolve contentious disputes rather than hold out for more of what they want.
While they do conclude there is a slight increase in partisanship on both sides of the aisle the research also showed that almost 80% (notice it's a very similar figure to those that think their fellow Americans are not informed) are not ideologically divided. And it further went on to show that even those who are partisan are still much more willing to compromise for the sake of strengthening their city, state and country.
If nearly 80% of the country is not as divided, but actually united on many issues, the big questions are:
Why are we led to believe otherwise?
How does this affect us personally and as a nation?
What are we to do about correcting this grand illusion?
Each response would easily lead to a complete essay itself, but for this purpose 80% will agree on some basic answers.
1) Why are we led to believe otherwise?
Two very basic answers for the 80%ers. From the media, which is responsible for getting out the information, it's a case of man bites dog. Divisiveness sells and unity is boring. On a more insidious and institutional level, divisiveness creates a sense of no cohesion and that an institution, be it governmental or otherwise, can come to the rescue and save us from ourselves.
2) How does this affect us personally and as a nation?
That answer lies in the statistics of the first pole. On a national level it causes more than 80% of us to not believe our fellow citizens are as bright as they actually are, even if not properly informed.  And on an individual level it adds to a sense of hopelessness because we 80%ers feel like we are not really in the majority and in turn are powerless to enact the correct policy changes.
3) What are we to do about correcting this grand illusion?
The most important thing we can do is to realize that it is an illusion in the first place. The more we become aware of that fact, the more united we become, the more powerful we become and most importantly, the less victimization we feel.
In short, we need no rescuing from ourselves. In fact, we need the opposite. We need to start realizing that we are not ungrateful victims, but grateful victors of creating a working society. A society where more than 80% of us know what we want, that we are united and that we are not mere pawns to powerful institutions, but Kings & Queens of our individual choices and united psyche.
So, now back to the first question proposed at top. How do you feel this morning?
No matter which 33% category you fall into, remember that 80% of your fellow citizens feel the same way and in that sense we are united and grateful that the American Experiment marches on.
Follow Barry Kibrick on Twitter: www.twitter.com/barrykibrick
More:

Nationals keeping an eye on Cuban free agentsBy James Wagner November 5 Follow @jameswagnerwp
The success of Chicago’s Jose Abreu, who signed for $68 million with no major league experience, has brought more interest to Cuban defectors. (Charles Rex Arbogast/Associated Press)
This offseason, a larger crop of Cuban defectors than in recent years may be available for major-league teams to sign. Outfielder Yasmany Tomas, infielders Jose Fernandez, Hector Olivera, Yoan Moncada and Yozzen Cuesta, and pitchers Misael Silverio and Diosdany Castillo, could all be free agents. Some may not be available for the start of the season as it takes time to get cleared by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. The Nationals, who haven’t had much success with Cuban defectors, have kept an eye on the current group of players and have varying interest in each of them.
Tomas, who has reportedly been cleared by the OFAC, is considered the best player of the bunch. The stocky 24-year-old’s price tag is said to be close to $100 million because of his power potential, and power is hard to find. But the Nationals don’t need an outfielder. In the majors, they have Bryce Harper, Denard Span and Jayson Werth, with top prospects such as Michael A. Taylor and Steven Souza Jr. looming, and other prospects lower in the minor leagues. The Nationals feel comfortable with their outfield depth throughout the organization.
The Nationals also feel good about their infield depth, especially about prospect Wilmer Difo — but it is a thinner position of depth, notably at the higher rungs of the minor leagues. The Nationals also have a void at second base to fill, with Anthony Rendon likely to stay at third base. So the Nationals, as they do with many international free agents, have done their due diligence on Cuban defectors who play the infield.
Nationals talent evaluators have scouted the three infield free agents who have experience at second base: Fernandez, Olivera and Moncada. According to some free agent lists, Fernandez is considered the better player because he is more polished (he hit .326 last season in Cuba and .393 the year before) but is older (26) and doesn’t hit for much power. Fernandez has reportedly defected but hasn’t been surfaced nor been cleared to sign. Olivera, 29, has more power but is older and has an past history of injuries.
Moncada, however, maybe the most intriguing. He is 19, a toolsy switch hitter, is listed at 6 feet 2 and 205 pounds, has established residency in Guatemala and is awaiting clearance to sign, according to a MLB.com report. (It is unclear when Moncada would sign.) Moncada mostly plays second base but can fill in at shortstop. He starred for Cuba’s top teams for 15 and 16-year-olds and at the U-16 IBAF World Baseball Championships in Mexico. And because he is under 23 and didn’t play in a Cuban professional league for five or more seasons, he will be subjected to the international signing guidelines.
The Nationals have been most interested in Fernandez and Moncada. Fernandez has performed at a higher level in Cuba but Moncada may fit their needs more. The Nationals believe he has a higher ceiling and his age is a plus. Moncada is holding a showcase in Guatemala for scouts of all major league teams on Nov. 12 and both Johnny DiPuglia, the Nationals’ director of Latin American operations, and Deric Ladnier, a top scout, are expected to attend.
Evaluating Cuban players is also hard. Scouts get a good feel for players by watching workouts and tournaments, but getting a handle of a player’s makeup and background is most difficult. The Nationals finished second to the Reds in the Aroldis Chapman sweepstakes in 2010 . The Nationals were also interested in Adeiny Hechavarria, and liked Yoenis Cespedes and Jose Abreu. But their biggest foray into the Cuban market — signing Yunesky Maya to a four-year, $6-million deal — turned out to be a bust.
The Nationals are expected to remain interested in the current Cuban infield defectors but only if the price is right. The recent success of Cuban defectors — Yasiel Puig, Abreu and Cespedes — have pushed price tags higher, too. (See: Rusney Castillo’s $72.5-million contract with the Red Sox in August.) The Nationals have remained conservative and judicious in the international market, compared to teams such as the Yankees, Red Sox, Rangers, Rays and Cubs, who have spent lavishly on prospects.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

My Thoughts on the Controversy Over My Comments About the Gay Community and Misogynyreddit
Editor's note: Actress Rose McGowan came under fire today for comments she recently made about the gay community while talking to novelist Bret Easton Ellis. In the blog below, she responds to the controversy.
I was on the Bret Easton Ellis podcast the other discussing sexism and misogyny. I made a dumb generalization, for that I apologize. For everything else I said, no. I will not.
Where does it say that because of a man's sexual preference, I don't get to point out character defects? When equal pay for women was voted down by every male Republican there was no LGBT outcry. I wondered why that was? After all, lesbians are women, this affects them, too, right? Misogyny infuriates men and it endangers me as a human. It also endangers the LGBT community. Empathy towards the plight of women isn't making it better. Your voice will. Could I have articulated my frustration in a better fashion? Undoubtedly. For that I apologize, but I stand by my overall point. The rights that have been earned by the community are simple civil rights. What I want is for gay rights activists to help other disenfranchised groups. These activists are experts while so many other groups flounder. It's time to share the wealth and knowledge. I may have said it inelegantly, and made a dumb generalization, for which I apologize. Gay men certainly aren't MORE misogynistic than heteros, but I've met some that have come damn close. In some ways it's more damaging, because it's coming from supposedly enlightened people. I do expect more from a group of people that understands discrimination.
The LGBT community absolutely needs to combat the misogyny in their midst. I've lived and breathed gay rights for as long as I can remember. I've seen so much change and now I want more. Women, myself included, have given blood, sweat and tears to the gay rights movement. I'm asking for help in return. Casual and accepted misogyny no longer works for me and it shouldn't work for you.
Here's a small example of being the change you want to see: I was with a gay man the other night who was talking about the sexually liberated Blanche Devereux of the Golden Girls. He was going on about what a slut she was. I asked why he'd say that so thoughtlessly? If I'm not supposed to say (and I don't) "that's so gay," surely this man can start thinking about why it's acceptable to slut shame. He thanked me for opening his eyes. This is how we do this, one on one. Catch it when it's happening, and challenge it.
By the way, if you want to know what I was doing at the Beverly Hills hotel , just look at the picture. I sent it to the Sultan of Brunei, I'm fairly sure I won't be getting a response.
And as for those who question my allegiance to the gay community and try to paint me as a gay hater, I have a big eye roll reserved just for you. I'm human, I mess up, but I mess up with love and good intentions. I feel like I'm in a fight with my family.
Now, let's go do the right thing, myself included.
More:

Job alert: Infosys to hire 2 100 peopleInfosys to hire 2,100 people in U.S.
Reuters –  Thu 6 Nov, 2014 10:14 AM IST
Print
REUTERS - Infosys Ltd(INFY.NS) said it plans to hire over 2,100 people in the United States as the company works towards scaling up its global presence and boost key work areas like client relationship management and consulting.
Like most rivals, India's second biggest IT services provider gets the major chunk of its business from clients in the United States.
Infosys said on Thursday the hiring will include up to 300 management and technology graduates who will work across multiple technology domains including digital, big data, analytics and cloud.
Up to 180 graduates will be recruited into the Infosys consulting practice in the United States, the company said.
Infosys has been making a big push towards new age technology like cloud computing and digitization. Chief Executive Vishal Sikka, who is based in the United States, has said he wants to revive growth through automation and artificial intelligence as clients modernize their technologies.
Related Video
(Reporting by Nivedita Bhattacharjee in Mumbai; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Plane narrowly misses spectators during lowest landingPlane Narrowly Misses Spectators During Lowset Landing
Recommend
Link
1 month 7 days ago, Storyful
Beach-goers were left feeling windswept when a Boeing 727 passed directly overhead towards the St. Maarten airport, in the Caribbean. The airport is located on Maho beach on the sunny paradise meaning the planes can sometimes pass with what seems like a couple of feet above curious holiday-makers. It’s certainly not the place to be eating sandwiches, unless you like them rather sandy. Credit: YouTube/ Dez Rosswess
More on Storyful:

Australia tour ideal preparation for World Cup: DhoniWorld Cup Cricket
Confident about defending the World Cup, Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni said the upcoming tour of Australia would be a great opportunity for his already well-prepared side to hone its skills further ahead of the mega-event to be played Down Under next year.
India will launch their title defence against traditional rivals Pakistan in Adelaide on February 15 and Dhoni said his side was capable of adapting and performing in any condition.
“Following the World Cup triumph in 2011, the India side won the 50-over ICC Champions Trophy in the United Kingdom. This reflects the calibre and talent of the side, and its ability to adapt and perform in any condition,” Dhoni was quoted as saying in an ICC release.
“The tour to Australia in the lead up to the World Cup will be a good opportunity to hone our skills and, like all the sides participating in the tournament, be fully prepared for cricket’s ultimate prize,” said the 33-year-old, sixth-ranked batsman in the world.
“The World Cup is the biggest prize in cricket and to defend the title in Australia and New Zealand next year is a special opportunity. Like all the players, as well as millions of die-hard India cricket supporters around the globe, I look forward to the tournament with anticipation and excitement,” added the wicketkeeper.
India will begin their tour of Australia next month.
Other national captains also joined the 100 days to go to the World Cup celebrations by sharing their excitement and talking about their targets for the tournament that will be participated in by 14 sides, and will begin in Christchurch and Melbourne on February 14.
Australia captain Michael Clarke, who won the tournament in the West Indies in 2007, said it was a unique opportunity to play in the ICC Cricket World Cup in front of home crowds.
“The last time the ICC Cricket World Cup was played in Australia was 23 years ago, so to be able to play in one at home is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity,” said the 33-year-old veteran of 237 One-Day Internationals.
“It is incredibly exciting for Australia to be co-host with New Zealand for the tournament and I encourage fans in both countries to come out watch the world’s best battle it out.”
Clarke anticipated an electrifying atmosphere at the Melbourne Cricket Ground when Australia opens their campaign against England, which had reached the final when the event was last staged in Australia and New Zealand in 1992.
“When we walk out onto the MCG for our first match against England, I know the atmosphere will be electric. It’s fantastic to be able to host a global tournament of this magnitude in our own backyard and we can’t wait for it to start.”
Clarke’s opposite number Alastair Cook, who will be featuring in his maiden World Cup, said his side will be aiming to do better than the England side of 1992.
“Every professional cricketer dreams of representing his country in the ICC Cricket World Cup and I am no exception. I am hugely thrilled to have been given the chance to lead England in the tournament and I expect that competition for places in our final squad will be extremely tough.
“England reached the final the last time the competition was staged in Australia and New Zealand so there’s a real incentive for us to go one better next time and win the ICC Cricket World Cup for the first time in our history,” said the 29-year-old, who has featured in 86 ODIs to date for England.
Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq, who was part of the side that lost the semifinal to India in Mohali in 2011, said every match in the ICC Cricket World Cup will be important.
“The tournament opener against India in Adelaide (on 15 February) will be an important match but every game in the World Cup will matter as each side will enter into the competition believing that it can lift the coveted trophy. We will take one match at a time, try to stick to our game plans, aim to do the basics right and then hope for the best,” said Misbah.
The veteran of 151 ODIs hopes that the World Cup 1992 victory will guide his side through to next year’s event.
“Pakistan has unforgettable memories from the event when it was last staged in Australia and New Zealand. Though you don’t require any extra motivation when representing your country, the 1992 World Cup will help us at every stage during next year’s tournament.”

The healthiest superfoods for winterShare 0
Brazil nuts
For a strong immune boosting winter superfood, look no further than Brazil nuts. These nuts are also called nature's vitamin pill because of its many disease fighting properties. Brazil ... more 
Brazil nuts
For a strong immune boosting winter superfood, look no further than Brazil nuts. These nuts are also called nature's vitamin pill because of its many disease fighting properties. Brazil nuts are said to be the richest sources of selenium which gets converted into an effective antioxidant-selenoproteins-when consumed. Selenium reduces the risks of cancer and heart disease. Brazil nuts also have several beauty benefits. Regular consumption of Brazil nuts imparts natural lusture to the hair. These nuts also make for an excellent homemade exfoliater for the skin.
Nutrients Selenium, Protein, Potassium, Dietary Fibre
Calories 650 per 100 grammes
How best to eat Since Brazil nuts contain very high levels of selenium,-,almost twice the recommended daily dose, eating them on a daily basis is not recommended. Instead, eat a couple of nuts once or twice a week. less 
1 / 17
Yahoo Lifestyle | Photo by Thinkstock
Mon 9 Dec, 2013 10:30 PM IST

Understanding and Overcoming America s Plutocracyreddit
Pity the American people for imagining that they have just elected the new Congress.  In a formal way, they of course have.  The public did vote.  But in a substantive way, it's not true that they have chosen their government.
This was the billionaires' election, billionaires of both parties.  And while the Republican and Democratic Party billionaires have some differences, what unites them is much stronger than what divides them, a few exceptions aside.  Indeed, many of the richest individual and corporate donors give to both parties.  The much-discussed left-right polarization is not polarization at all.  The political system is actually relatively united and working very effectively for the richest of the rich.
There has never been a better time for the top 1%.  The stock market is soaring, profits are high, interest rates are near zero, and taxes are low.  The main countervailing forces -- unions, antitrust authorities, and financial regulators -- have been clobbered.
Think of it this way.  If government were turned over to the CEOs of ExxonMobil, Goldman Sachs, Bechtel, and Health Corporation of America, they would have very little to change of current policies, which already cater to the four mega-lobbies: Big Oil, Wall Street, defense contractors, and medical care giants. This week's election swing to the Republicans will likely give these lobbies the few added perks that they seek: lower corporate and personal tax rates, stronger management powers vis-à-vis labor, and even weaker environmental and financial regulation.
The richest of the rich pay for the political system -- putting in billions of dollars in campaign and lobbying funds -- and garner trillions of dollars of benefits in return.  Those are benefits for the corporate sector -- financial bailouts, cheap loans, tax breaks, lucrative federal contracts, and a blind eye to environmental damages -- not for society as a whole.  The rich reap their outsized incomes and wealth in large part by imposing costs on the rest of society.
We can't actually tote up the total spending on this campaign by the richest donors because, thanks to the Supreme Court, much of the spending is anonymous and unreported.  Still, we know that the Koch Brothers, through their complex web of shell groups, put in at least $100 million and probably much more.  Many other billionaires and corporate contributions helped to raise the total kitty to more than $3.6 billion.
The evidence is overwhelming that politicians vote the interests of their donors, not of society at large.  This has now been demonstrated rigorously by many researchers, most notably Princeton Professor Martin Gilens.  Whether the Republicans or Democrats are in office, the results are little different.  The interests at the top of the income distribution will prevail.
Why does the actual vote count for so little?  People vote for individuals, not directly for policies.  They may elect a politician running on a platform for change, but the politician once elected will then vote for the positions of the big campaign donors. The political outcomes are therefore oriented toward great wealth rather than to mainstream public opinion, the point that Gilens and others have been finding in their detailed research.  (See also the study by Page, Bartels, and Seawright).
It's not easy for the politicians to shun the campaign funds even if they want to.  Money works in election campaigns.  It pays for attack ads that flood the media, and it pays for elaborate and sophisticated get-out-the-vote efforts that target households at the micro level to manipulate who does and does not go to the polls.  Campaigning without big money is like unilateral disarmament.  It's noble; it works once in a while; and it is extremely risky.  On the other hand, taking big campaign money is a Faustian bargain: you may win power but lose your political soul.
Yes, yes, yes, of course there are modest differences between the parties, and there is a wonderful, truly progressive wing of the Democratic Party organized in the Congressional Progressive Caucus, but it's marginalized and in the minority of the party. So many Democrats have their hand in the fossil-fuel cookie jar of Big Oil and Big Coal that the Obama administration couldn't get even the Democrats, much less the Republicans, to line up for climate-change action during the first year of the administration. And how do Wall Street money managers keep their tax privileges despite the public glare? Their success in lobbying is due at least as much to Democratic Party Senators beholden to Wall Street as it is to Republican Senators.
Is there a way out? Yes, but it's a very tough path. Plutocracy has a way of spreading like an epidemic until democracy itself is abandoned. History shows the wreckage of democracies killed from within. And yet America has rallied in the past to push democratic reforms, notably in the Progressive Era from 1890-1914, the New Deal from 1933-1940, and the Great Society from 1961-1969.
All of these transformative successes required grass-roots activism, public protests and demonstrations, and eventually bold leaders, indeed drawn from the rich but with their hearts with the people: Teddy Roosevelt, Franklin Roosevelt, and John F. Kennedy. Yet in all of those cases, the mass public led and the great leaders followed the cause. This is our time and responsibility to help save democracy. The Occupy Movement and the 400,000 New Yorkers who marched for climate-change control in September are pointing the way.
Follow Jeffrey Sachs on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JeffDSachs
More:

What Does Transparency Mean To Youreddit
H&M, Gap, Puma, Starbucks, Coca-Cola, and Disney. What do all these companies have in common? Yes, they're a part of our lives through the clothes we wear, the beverages we drink, and the toys our kids love. But they also have something else in common. They belong to a group of companies talking about the topic of transparency.
This week in New York, these companies and dozens more are gathering to discuss the themes of " Transparency & Transformation ," convened by non-profit Business for Social Responsibility (BSR). In the lead-up to the event, BSR and Toronto-based sustainability market research firm Globescan polled over 700 professionals on hot social and environmental issues that companies are facing.
Only 19 percent of respondents believe the public has a high level of trust in business, according to the recent State of Sustainable Business Survey 2014 . So there's clearly a lot of work to do. Hopefully, when asked about possible solutions to this problem, 61 percent of people suggested increased transparency as a way to build trust.
What does transparency mean to you? It means different things to different people. To Merriam Webster, it means "characterized by visibility or accessibility of information, especially concerning business practices." It comes from the Latin "to show oneself." In The Circle, by Dave Eggers, transparency is taken to the extreme when the female protagonist and various politicians "go transparent" by wearing a mini-camera that broadcasts their every move 24 hours a day.
What does it mean "to show oneself" when applied to the companies whose products we love? Are we talking about disclosing product ingredients, more visibility into manufacturing practices, political contributions or diversity statistics?
To us, transparency means making people visible and giving them a voice . Not just the people who design and sell products, but the people who manufacture them. Think about the clothes you're wearing, the device you're reading on and what you had for breakfast. Think of the hundreds of hands that went into making and growing those essentials for you.
What if we could see their faces, hear their voices, and know what their lives are like? Could it be overwhelming? Definitely. But consider the alternative. When workers are invisible, they can be subjected to horrific conditions -- sexual harassment, exposure to toxic chemicals and working in a building so unsafe that it is at risk of catching fire or collapsing, as happened last year in Bangladesh .
Being able to shine a light on workplaces that were previously invisible to us is incredibly powerful. Imagine if the workers at Rana Plaza were not invisible. If they had had a direct line to decision-makers, they might have reported the cracks in the walls and prevented the building from falling.
Of course transparency is not the goal for its own sake. It is a means to an end, and that end is driving better lives for people. Human rights (70 percent) and workers' rights (64 percent) were chosen by State of Sustainable Business Survey respondents as the top two sustainability priorities for companies.
In our own work, we've found that proactive transparency can be a catalyst for positive change in the area of workers' rights. Our Labor Link mobile survey tool has uncovered child labor, boosted livelihoods, and enabled workers to open a bank account for the first time .
Last week at the Ethical Trading Initiative (ETI) in London, four American and UK-based companies shared their experiences taking steps toward a more transparent supply chain. Eileen Fisher and Marks & Spencer are two of the companies using mobile phones to connect directly with workers making their products. The event "Worker Voice: What Are We Learning from Mobiles?" also featured companies like Vodafone, Boden and Primark sharing their experiences using mobile for supply chain transparency.
Marks & Spencer has used mobile to poll 64,230 workers across 46 manufacturing locations in five countries -- China, India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and the UK. The anonymous channel allows workers to report on sensitive issues like harassment and bullying. And the granular data enables M&S to go beyond basic auditing to engage in a new kind of conversation with suppliers.
H&M CEO Karl-Johan Persson says his company is working towards " total transparency " through to end consumers, so shoppers "will easily be able to track, trace, and benchmark how sustainably their product has been made."
What will transparency look like in five years? It's impossible to say. At the London event, one mobile expert speculated that it won't be long before factory workers are posting on the Facebook pages of companies whose products they make.
Transparency is not the end. It is the means. Our end goal is more ethical and sustainable manufacturing of what we wear and eat, and the devices we use to communicate. Transparency is one of the ways we can achieve it. By plugging workers in to the conversation, companies not only build trust, they bring light to places that have been invisible for too long.
Find us at the BSR Conference or follow Labor Link on Twitter @GoodWorldTech for news on transparency and workers around the world.
Good World Solutions is a partner of Cisco CSR . Cisco sponsors The Huffington Post's ImpactX section .
More:

Panel today in DC on The Legal Underpinnings of Digitally Exposed Private Images and What Congress Needs to KnowBy David Post November 6
The Advisory Committee to the Congressional Internet Caucus – which is not, as you might think, an actual Congressional “caucus” but rather a private sector, public interest group that sponsors debates and discussions about critical Internet policy issues for Congress, Congressional staff, and the public – is holding a panel discussion today ( at which I’ll be one of the panelists) on the question of what (if anything) is to be done about the Internet distribution of private, sexually-revealing photographs or information.  It’s open to the public, at noon in Room 2237 of the Rayburn House Office Building on Capitol Hill.  From the description :
“Hunger Games” Actress Jennifer Lawrence stated in November’s Vanity Fair that exposure of her personal nude photos was a “sex crime.” Was it? If not, what kind of legal recourse does Jennifer Lawrence — or an everyday American citizen like you — have against hackers and web sites that peddle such photos? Today’s digitized era raises new, complicated questions regarding non-consensually shared private photos. What are the legal and social underpinnings in scenarios spanning from hacked private photos and revenge porn, to “upskirt” photos taken in public areas? Should American citizens hold certain privacy expectations and if so, what are they? Our panel will look into these questions and more. Please join us.
It sounds more sensationalized than it is likely to be – I expect a pretty sober discussion and a sober crowd.  At least I hope so, because behind the sensationalizing, there are really some very important legal issues here that I hope we get to touch on:  the first being whether, even if Congress were of a mind to regulate activities like this, it could do so in a manner that would survive First Amendment scrutiny (which previous Congressional attempts at Internet pornography regulation have not succeeded in doing).
And second – and in a sense, more pressing, because much more likely to survive any kind of constitutional challenge:  Should the operators websites or other online facilities who make this stuff available lose their immunity from tort liability that they currently enjoy under section 230 of the Communications Decency Act?  [ My own position on that is a very definite "No they should not . . ." Sec. 230, enacted in 1996, has proven to be a truly remarkable legislative achievement; it is impossible to image the spectacular growth in "user-generated content" sites and services, from Facebook to Tumblr to YouTube to Reddit to Craigslist to Twitter to . . ., in its absence, given the risk of potentially crushing tort liability that would result from allowing millions of users each day to upload content of their choosing.  Tinkering with it will open the floodgates of exceptions and exemptions, and would be a very bad idea . . .]
If you’re in the neighborhood, drop by -
David Post taught intellectual property and Internet law at Georgetown Law Center and Temple University Law School until his recent retirement. He is the author of "In Search of Jeffersons Moose: Notes on the State of Cyberspace" (Oxford, 2009), a Fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology, and an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute.

India to help global economy to grow at higher rateThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Thunder Down Under: Modi set for grand Aussie tourComments
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott will host a reception for his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi at the 161-year-old Melbourne Cricket Ground on November 18, an iconic stadium where Michael Jackson, Rolling Stones and Madonna have performed.
The MCG, however, would look empty as only 400-500 dignitaries, including prominent Australian politicians, Indians and cricket stars, have been invited for the high-profile reception to be held after the G-20 summit concludes. The MCG has a capacity of more than one lakh.
“Cricket is a shared passion of Australia and India. I thank PM Tony Abbott for hosting me at the iconic MCG,” said Modi, who will also be addressing the Australian Parliament.
It is rare for foreign leaders to be hosted at the MCG where Pope John Paul II had held a mass in 1986.
But Modi is no ordinary leader. The Indian PM has the maximum requests from G-20 leaders for bilateral talks on the sidelines of the summit in Brisbane on November 15-16. Ministry of external affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said several requests were being considered and outcome would depend on availability and matching of schedules.
Akbaruddin said the focus would be on meeting as many leaders as possible, especially those who the PM hasn’t met in the past.
Modi said, “I look forward to working with G-20 leaders on important issues concerning the world, particularly those relating to the global economy.” Modi’s visit will be the bilateral visit to Australia by an Indian PM in 28 years.
A reception is also being hosted for Modi at Sydney Olympic Park on November 17, an event expected to draw more than 15,000 guests including Indians settled in Australia. His itinerary includes a visit to a war memorial with Abbott.
Modi will land in Myanmar on November 11 to attend the ASEAN and East Asia Summits. “ASEAN is central to our dream of an Asian century, where India will play a crucial role,” said Modi.
He will also visit Fiji on November 19, making him the first Indian PM to visit the South Pacific Island nation in 33 years.

http://usat.ly/1tMp4dVFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
What will cellphones be like in five to 10 years? Ask USA TODAY
Technology reporter Mike Snider answers a reader question about the future of cellphones. Have a question of your own? Ask us using #askusatoday on Twitter, or e-mail askusatoday@usatoday.com.
Post to Facebook
What will cellphones be like in five to 10 years? Ask USA TODAY Technology reporter Mike Snider answers a reader question about the future of cellphones. Have a question of your own? Ask us using #askusatoday on Twitter, or e-mail askusatoday@usatoday.com. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qqejJe
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
What will cellphones be like in five to 10 years? Ask USA TODAY
USA TODAY 7:58 p.m. EST November 5, 2014
Zachary Quinto as Spock and Chris Pine as Capt. Kirk in a scene from "Star Trek Into Darkness." Cellphones of the future may be wearable, much like the communicators on the shirts of these two characters.
(Photo: Zade Rosenthal, AP)
24 CONNECT 10 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Smartphones have become a vital tool — and toy — for most of us, helping us stay in contact with others and keeping us company when we have downtime.
Today's devices such as Samsung's Galaxy S5 smartphones and the Apple iPhone 6 are massive evolutionary leaps from the feature phones of less than a decade ago. What will smartphones be like five to 10 years from now? Technology reporter Mike Snider looks into his crystal ball to offer some insights.  Wearable phones, much like the communicators on the shirts of characters in Star Trek, are one of many options mentioned in the video answer below. Watch it for the rest of his response to this reader question.
Have a question of your own? Send it to us using #askusatoday on Twitter . You can also e-mail askusatoday@usatoday.com or post your question on USA TODAY Opinion's Facebook page.
Technology reporter Mike Snider answers a reader question about the future of cellphones. Have a question of your own? Ask us using #askusatoday on Twitter, or e-mail askusatoday@usatoday.com.
Audio version!
Too busy to watch the video? No problem. You can download our audio version here, and learn about the future of cellphones on the go!
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qqejJe

No  Republicans dont actually need to show they can govern.Comments
By Paul Waldman November 6
There are two phrases that have been on everyone’s lips in Washington since Tuesday night. Republicans now need to “show they can govern,” because everyone wants to “get things done.” Republican leaders, the New York Times tells us , are eager to “demonstrate that they can get things done.” President Obama has expressed optimism that GOP leaders want to “find some common ground,” adding that “we want to get things done.” Vice President Joe Biden opined that Republicans are “going to choose to get things done.” One winning candidate after another repeated the mantra: now we can really start getting things done.
Let me go out on a limb here and say that Mitch McConnell is not hoping to create a sparkling new era of bipartisan cooperation. He knows that the things he and his colleagues would really like to do are impossible so long as there’s a Democratic president with a veto pen. That means what he does in the next two years is all about making it more likely that 2016 sees the GOP hold on to its majority in the Senate (the House is almost a given) and a Republican wins the White House.
Control of both houses doesn’t mean Republicans have to show they can govern. It means they have new ways at their disposal to get credit for trying to govern, even if they know they won’t actually get much done, which, as it happens, is an outcome they may not mind that much.
Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), in line to be the next majority leader, said voters expect newly empowered Republicans and the White House to find common ground for action. (AP)
Yesterday the conservative National Review published an editorial on what they called the “governing trap.” Republicans, they counseled, shouldn’t even bother trying to govern in the next two years. Instead, they should continue to obstruct President Obama and lay out an agenda they can run on in 2016, because “not much progress is possible until we have a better president. Getting one ought to be conservatism’s main political goal over the next two years.”
While it may be unusually forthright, this isn’t bad advice, politically speaking. After all, following the path of obstruction instead of governing has worked out pretty darn well for Republicans over the last six years. When Barack Obama took office, Democrats controlled both houses of Congress; now Republicans do.
Still, now that they have both houses of Congress, they have to adapt to a new atmosphere in which they’ll be judged more directly on whether they do actually govern and get stuff done. To that end, Boehner and McConnell published an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal saying, “The skeptics say nothing will be accomplished in the next two years. As elected servants of the people, we will make it our job to prove the skeptics wrong.”
The Republicans now face a few different audiences when they consider what, and how much, they should “get done.” They have to please their base, they have to avoid alienating the broader electorate, and they have to present a story to the media that explains why they’re not the problem in Washington.
House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) outlined his priorities at a news conference following the midterm elections that swept many Republicans into Congress. He said the president "needs to put politics aside" in dealing with Republican lawmakers. (AP)
Fortunately for them, there’s a clear path to doing all these things, at least most of the time. First, they have to avoid the big showdowns that garner lots of attention and paint Republicans as radicals threatening the country’s well-being if they don’t get their way. That means that when it comes time to raise the debt ceiling or pass a budget to keep the government open, they’ll do it, as quietly as possible to avoid a backlash from the base. Second, they have to pass bills, and bills that have at least a surface plausibility to them, even if they know full well the bills will be vetoed by President Obama. That means not a bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act, but a bill to, say, repeal the employer mandate.
When those kinds of bills get filibustered by Senate Democrats or vetoed by President Obama, Republicans will say, “See, we’ve shown we can govern. President Obama is the one preventing things from getting done.” The ability to actually pass bills through both houses, no matter how unrealistic and doomed from the start, will allow McConnell and Boehner to weave a new narrative in which President Obama is the obstructionist. And I’m guessing the press will buy it. Going through the process of legislation will be enough to persuade the media that they are making a good faith effort to govern, even if they never make any meaningful compromises.
In short, the fundamental gridlock will remain, and Republicans will say that the way to end it once and for all is to keep them in power in Congress but also give them the White House, too.

This robot makes you feel like theres a ghost behind youBy Rachel Feltman November 6 Follow @rachelfeltman
A newly designed robot creates the illusion of a "presence" in the room for neurological research, which could help scientists better understand conditions like schizophrenia. (Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne News)
A newly designed robot creates the illusion of a "presence" in the room -- but it wasn't created for some big budget haunted house. This device is actually a tool for neurological research, and could help scientists better understand conditions like schizophrenia.
The robot and its related experiments are described in a paper published Thursday in Current Biology . The researchers started with a hypothesis about what causes people to sense someone who isn't there. In 12 patients they studied who suffered from these hallucinations -- because of conditions including epilepsy, strokes, migraines, and brain tumors -- the researchers found that regions of the brain dealing with self perception were usually damaged.
"We also found that the hallucinated presence was usually in the same position as the subject -- if the patient was standing, so was the sensed presence, and the same if the patient was sitting," said lead author Giulio Rognini, a post doctoral researcher at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne. "So we felt that the feeling of a presence was being caused by a misperception of ones own bodily signals."
Rognini and his collaborators, who included Olaf Blanke -- known for his experiments in inducing out-of-body experiences -- set about to create this same mind-body confusion in healthy patients.
Their robot was a great success: While blindfolded, subjects insert their finger into a mechanism and push it around. This prompts the robot to mimic the motion with a pointer pressed against the subject's back.
None of the subjects knew they were meant to experience anything spooky, and they all knew how the machine worked. When the movement of their finger was synced to the robot's poking and prodding, they didn't report any unusual sensations.
But when the robot was placed out of sync with the controller -- meaning that the robot prodder's movements, while driven by the study subject's own finger, happened slightly later -- things got creepy.
After these out-of-sync tests, subjects who were asked how they felt reported feeling like someone was standing behind them. Many of them began drifting backwards, towards the presence they felt. Two of them were so uneasy during the experiment that they asked if they could stop.
"Several of them really did say the sensation was spooky and creepy, even though consciously they knew where the touching came from," Rognini said.
And the sense of an extra person went farther than just an eerie sensation. When asked to list how many people had been nearby, the study subjects who'd been paired with an out-of-sync robot counted extra people -- one more, on average, than those who'd had direct control over the robot.
It's certainly a spooky study, but Rognini and Blanke hope the results will be enlightening. The researchers believe that a haywire sense of self may be part of some devastating neurological disorders, and hope that further research will help reveal the mechanisms of these diseases.
(A) Participants move their arms forward and receive tactile feedback on the back from a robotic system. (B) Participants reported higher illusory self touch and showed a larger drift in self-location towards the virtual back. (C) The condition in which five subjects spontaneously reported a "feeling of a presence" is indicated with an arrow. (Current Biology)
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

One womans political race in KansasBy Diana Reese November 6 Follow @dianareese
Amber Versola ran for the state legislature in Kansas. (Photo courtesy of Amber Versola)
MISSION, Kan. — “You were out-Republicanned,” a friend told Amber Versola when it became apparent that she had lost her bid for the Kansas state House seat from the 23rd District.
Yes, Republican turned into a verb Tuesday night during the watch party for Johnson County Democrats at the Lucky Brewgrille. When I arrived at the restaurant’s private room with television screens alternately tuned to national and local news stations, there was still hope for the Democrats. U.S. Sen. Pat Roberts (R) and independent Greg Orman were in a dead heat, while in the governor’s face, Democratic challenger Paul Davis led Republican incumbent Sam Brownback by several thousand votes.
Local residents, though, were interested in more than these two races. Up for grabs were 125 seats in the Kansas state legislature, with more than two dozen of them in Johnson County , a collection of suburban communities west of Kansas City, Mo.
I’d been following the 23rd District – it’s not where I live, but it’s where two women were vying for an open Kansas House seat in a campaign that had remained positive. (Yes, Virginia, politics without negativity — it is possible.) Democrat Amber Versola and Republican Linda Gallagher didn’t make headlines, and they didn’t run television ads, but they did manage to hold two debates where they focused on the issues.
“Linda’s a nice person, and I respect her,” Versola said of her opponent. “But I have 17 years of experience in public advocacy, standing up for women and children and minorities. I know how to navigate the halls of government. I know how to compromise and to get things done and when to hold the line.”
Versola raised $20,000, with donations coming in from Vermont, Hawaii, California and Colorado, using the money to finance mailers, yard signs, shirts for volunteers and other campaign materials. She also wooed voters the old-fashioned way, knocking on a couple of thousand doors to talk and listen to residents. She’ll never forget the man who told her he was dying of ALS. “When I stood there speechless, he hugged me,” she said.
“People really loved Amber,” said Diane Collins, a Democratic Party volunteer who coined the “out-Republicanned” phrase Tuesday night. She’d campaigned with Versola and helped prep her for the local debates. “She was a great candidate, and she should have won.”
Entering a political race had seemed like a logical next step for Versola, a community organizer and trainer. (I met her during an event to recognize local businesses paying a living wage. ) A 33-year-old single mom with a son who turns 11 next month, she wants “to help people” and “to pursue justice,” particularly for women and children, she told me.
She’s open about her past and how it affected her. Versola was raped at the age of 16, and the district attorney refused to prosecute the case. “Surviving that assault made me who I am,” she explained. “I know what injustice feels like.” She fought back, writing letters to newspapers, district attorneys and even to President Bill Clinton.
After marriage, she said, she became “an unlikely victim” of domestic violence, escaping an abusive husband the night before Thanksgiving. “Again I found myself advocating, learning the law, protecting my child,” she said.
Amber Versola, with her son, Isaiah, and dog, Mayella, lost her bid for the Kansas Statehouse. (Photo courtesy of Amber Versola)
We talked about her experiences as we watched the returns Tuesday, passing around an iPad with local election results at a table filled with women in their 20s and 30s, women passionate about politics. Although polls had indicated Versola would win, they were wrong, as it became obvious that the Republicans had swept the nation like Kansas City’s own Royals had swept baseball in October.
Versola watched the numbers and started second-guessing herself, asking out loud if she could have “worked harder” and whether in “spare moments” she should have continued to campaign. But she also talked of waking in the middle of the night and writing postcards and birthday cards to potential constituents and on Tuesday had offered to drive single moms to the polls or watch their kids for them so they could vote.
She admitted running for office takes its toll, financially and emotionally. “My house is disorganized, my dog hates me, my kid’s disappointed,” Versola said. She hoped, though, that she had taught her son an important lesson with her candidacy: “Stand up and do the right thing.”
Versola also wants to serve as an example. “If I inspire other young women to step up and lead, then this is worth it,” she said at one point during the evening, searching for the good.
There are no televised victory or concession speeches for local races. No television cameras asking for comments. You sit at a table as friends and supporters come by, offer a hug, a handshake, a few words of encouragement.  Versola lost by just over 700 votes, ending up with 44 percent — or 2,539 votes — to Gallagher’s 56 percent, or 3,248 votes.
“It hurts, losing hurts,” she said. Telling her son and her mother was the hardest.
What happened? Collins offered a guess. “In the polling booth, people got scared and said, ‘I’m a Republican,’” she said. “There’s so much distrust in the government, and people decided better the devil we know than the one we don’t.”
At the end of the evening as we walked out into the chilly November night, Versola turned to me and said: “I’ll try again. If I stay in Kansas, I’ll run again.”
Wednesday I called and asked if she had meant it. “Yes,” she said. “I did.”
 

http://usat.ly/1y9w2cbFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Wendy's reports expense-cutting plan
Wendy's disclosed plans to cut costs by up to $30 million Thursday as the fast food giant copes with record high beef prices and higher costs from the federal Affordable Care Act.
Post to Facebook
Wendy's reports expense-cutting plan Wendy's disclosed plans to cut costs by up to $30 million Thursday as the fast food giant copes with record high beef prices and higher costs from the federal Affordable Care Act. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u3h8om
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Wendy's reports expense-cutting plan
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 1:10 p.m. EST November 6, 2014
Image provide by Wendy's shows the updated logo the fast food company unveiled in 2012.
(Photo: AP)
4 CONNECT 14 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Wendy's ( WEN ) reported plans Thursday to cut expenses by up to $30 million as the fast food giant copes with record high beef prices and higher costs from the federal Affordable Care Act.
The company said it expects to achieve the efficiencies primarily by realigning its U.S. field operations, exacting savings at its restaurant support center in Dublin, Ohio, and completing the previously announced sale of 135 Canadian company-operated restaurants.
The realignment is expected to cost up to $25 million, and is forecast to achieve some of the savings this year, with the full impact coming in 2015, the company said.
Wendy's disclosed news of the plan as it reported a third-quarter net profit of $22.8 million, or 6 cents a share. The result compared with a loss of $1.9 million, or roughly break-even per share, for the July-Sept. period of 2013.
Adjusted third-quarter earnings per share were 8 cents, the same as last year's third quarter. That fell below the 9 cents per share consensus forecast of financial analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial Network.
Consolidated third-quarter revenues totaled $512.5 million, a 20% drop from the $640.8 million Wendy's reported for the same period of 2013. Wall Street analysts had expected $514.7 million in revenues.
Wendy's reported a 2% increase in same-restaurant sales during the quarter, lower than both analysts' forecasts and the company's expectations. But the company reiterated its full-year earnings guidance for 2014 and announced a 10% increase in its quarterly cash dividend rate, from $0.05 to $0.055 per share.
Wendy's shares were up fractionally at $8.10 in Thursday afternoon trading.
Wendy's President and CEO Emil Brolick characterized the July-Sept. period as "challenging" in a statement issued with the earnings results.
"Our expectations for the third quarter included a 20% year-over-year revenue decline from the sale of company operated restaurants to franchisees," said Brolick. "We also absorbed beef costs that were much higher than or initial projections."
Even with the expected savings from the company's cost-cutting plan, he characterized the future outlook as similarly challenging.
"As we look to 2015 and beyond, we anticipate that wage inflation and the implementation of the Affordable Care Act will add cost pressure to our cost structure," said Brolick. "In addition, we anticipate that the record-high beef costs we are currently facing will continue."
4 CONNECT 14 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u3h8om
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Voters dont seem to view the minimum wage as a partisan  political issueBy Hunter Schwarz November 6 Follow @hunterschwarz
People line up for early voting outside of the Pulaski County Regional Building Monday in Little Rock, Ark. ( Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Sen. Mark Pryor (D) spent Sunday morning traveling to churches in Texarkana, Ark., reminding churchgoers to vote, and not just for him, but a ballot measure that increased the minimum wage from $6.25 to $8.50.
“When you pass that, it’s going to give 170,000 people in our state a pay raise,” he said at the Mt. Grove Baptist Church. “That’s not up to the legislature, that’s not up to Congress, it’s up to you.”
At an election eve rally in Little Rock, Pryor said he thought the measure would “energize a lot of people to vote.”
It did energize people, it turned out, and not just his voters.
The minimum wage won 66-34, but so did every statewide Republican, many by similarly wide margins. Although minimum wage increases are a popular progressive issue, Tuesday’s election results suggest it might not be viewed as a partisan issue for many voters.
Alaska, Arkansas, Nebraska, and South Dakota all passed minimum wage increases, but also overwhelmingly elected Republicans.
Roy McElrath, 68, said he voted for Republican Tom Cotton in Arkansas’s Senate race Tuesday, but also supported the minimum wage increase. He has relatives who work in the food services industry and initially had concerns about how the increase would affect them and other small business owners, but ultimately, “I think it ought to go up,” he said.
It was a sentiment echoed by many who voted Tuesday at the Pulaski Heights Presbyterian Church.
“I really think the market should decide,” said Marc Pierce, 41, who voted for a split ticket, supporting Pryor for Senate and Republican Asa Hutchinson for governor, but because it hasn’t been raised in a long time, he voted for it.
“I understand both sides,” said Sherri Maxey, 49. She voted for Pryor and considered voting against the increase, but voted for it instead. “I realize that people struggle,” she said.
The four states that passed minimum wage increases are all currently at or below $7.75 an hour. By 2017, they will all be at least $8.50 an hour.
Reporter for The Washington Post. Formerly of the BuzzFeed Los Angeles bureau.

Axis Bank signs MoU with NongHyup Bank  South KoreaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Heres the latest dumb argument from a billionaire that will hurt the economyThis billionaire thinks the Fed is missing the hyperinflation in the Hamptons
The prices of houses in the Hamptons and high-end art are the "leading edge of hyperinflation."
By Matt O'Brien November 6 Follow @ObsoleteDogma
Hedge fund billionaire Paul Singer is pretty clueless about economics (Remy Steinegger/WEF)
Never underestimate the ingenuity of inflation truthers. Every time it seems like they've hit rock bottom intellectually, they manage to come up with new and even more ridiculous reasons for why inflation is supposedly higher than the official numbers say it is.
But, of course, like any conspiracy theory, it all starts off sounding plausible enough. First, they say the government understates inflation when it adjusts for the quality of goods and how people substitute for similar but cheaper ones. The only problem is that independent measures, like MIT's Billion Prices Project , have shown inflation is pretty much what the government says it is (although there's been a very slight difference the past few months). Then they point out that some prices are increasing more than the weighted average of all prices, as if this proves there's some kind of subterfuge going on. But that's just how averages work .
Which brings us to Paul Singer. He's the hedge fund billionaire who's made a small part of his fortune buying bonds from countries on the edge of default, and then suing them to get paid in full.* (This hasn't worked quite as well with Argentina ). Well, it turns out that he has some very idiosyncratic ideas about what inflation actually looks like. His latest investor letter recycles all these ideas, inveighing against the Fed's "fake prices," "fake money," and "fake jobs," before zeroing in on where inflation is really showing up — his wallet:
Check out London, Manhattan, Aspen and East Hampton real estate prices, as well as high-end art prices, to see what the leading edge of hyperinflation could look like.
That's right: Paul Singer thinks Weimar-style inflation might be coming because he has to pay more for his posh vacation homes and art pieces.
Now, it's true, if you're a billionaire who's interested in decorating your high-end real estate with high-end art, then, yes, your personal inflation rate is higher than others. But tough luck. (I'm pretty sure you'll manage). The Fed, you see, isn't worried about the Billionaire Price Index. It's worried about inflation on goods and services we all face. And that, despite zero interest rates, is still below the Fed's 2 percent target. That's not going to change anytime soon, either. Indeed, just because the super-rich are bidding up the prices of houses in the Hamptons doesn't mean that middle-class people, whose wages are flat, are going to bid up the price of, well, anything.
It's also irrelevant that banks are sitting on piles of reserves, Scrooge McDuck-style, right now. Japan in the 2000s and the U.S. in the 1930s show that inflation will stay low despite all this excess money. It just doesn't matter as long as people don't want to borrow.
If this is the best the inflation truthers can do, they should probably follow Mark Twain's advice and keep their mouths shut for now. Somehow I don't think Janet Yellen is losing sleep over what people are paying for Picassos.
*Correction: Most of Singer's fortune has not come from so-called "vulture funds" that invest in distressed sovereign debt. Such funds only make up 2 percent of his company's assets under management today.
Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic.

Rain  thundershowers possible in Andhra PradeshThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Libyas top court dissolves electedparliamentA Libyan military soldier talks on a walkie-talkie outside an empty damaged building that was used by Islamic militias during heavy clashes in Benghazi, Libya.
By: Associated Press | Tripoli | Posted: November 7, 2014 12:11 am
In a blow to anti-Islamist factions, Libya’s highest court on Thursday ruled that general elections held in June were unconstitutional, the country’s parliament and government which resulted from that vote should be dissolved.
The development further deepened the rift in the politically divided Libya, which has been mired in months-long bitter clashes and turmoil that have left the country with two rival parliaments and governments, killed hundreds and displaced whole populations of war-torn cities and towns.
The Supreme Constitutional Court issued its ruling from the capital of Tripoli, which is controlled by Islamist-allied militias from the powerful western coastal city of Misrata.
The militias, which took Tripoli in August, revived an earlier parliament that ran the country before the elections. They also forced the recently elected parliament, dominated by anti-Islamists, to convene in the far eastern city of Tobruk.
The fact that Libya’s top court ruled from Tripoli raises the question whether it did so under pressure from the militias.  The ruling declared illegal a March amendment to the country’s transitional constitution that laid out the roadmap to the June elections, hence effectively rendering the parliament and government that followed the vote also illegal.
The Tobruk parliament convened following Thursday’s ruling but it was unclear if lawmakers would officially reject it.
Abu-Bakr Baeira, a leading lawmaker in the Tobruk parliament, described the court’s decision as “politicised” and warned it would only further partition Libya.
“Tripoli is hijacked,” Baeira, who is a strong advocate for setting up a semi-autonomous region in eastern Libya, told The Associated Press over the phone from Tobruk. “We don’t recognise anything that comes out of it.”
The parliament’s deputy speaker, however, hailed the ruling as a “victory for the nation.” Saleh al-Makhzoum said it had rendered the Tobruk parliament “nonexistent.”
In Misrata, rallies were held, complete with fireworks, to celebrate the ruling.
Former lawmaker and historian Faraj Najm said the ruling resets Libya “back to square one” and that the choices now before the Tobruk-based parliament are “between bad and worse.”
If lawmakers reject the ruling, “we will end up with two entities, both with questions over their legality,” he said.
The United Nations Support Mission in Libya, or UNSMIL, said it was studying the ruling and warned rival camps from taking actions that only “escalate the existing polarization or result in a further deterioration of the security situation.”
The Tobruk parliament was Libya’s second elected legislature since longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi was overthrown and killed in a 2011 uprising against his rule.  Since then, Libya has been gripped by unrest as authorities struggled to reign in regional, ideological and other militias vying for power.
Meanwhile, full-blown war is underway in the eastern city of Benghazi _ the birthplace of continued…

I&B wont meddle with Rang RasiyareleaseA poster of the film reportedly based on painter Raja Ravi Varma.
Written by Raghvendra Rao | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 12:05 am
The Information & Broadcasting Ministry has declined to intervene in the matter relating to the release of Ketan Mehta’s Rang Rasiya — a film reportedly based on the life of renowned painter Raja Ravi Varma — after the Prime Minister’s Office asked it to examine charges that the film allegedly showed the artist in poor light.
The Randeep Hooda-Nandana Sen starrer, however, may still not get its November 7 release after a Kerala court decided to restrain its release following a complaint by Varma’s granddaughter alleging that the film projected Varma in poor light.
It all started with a letter from Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy to Prime Minister Narendra Modi wherein Chandy — enclosing a copy of a complaint submitted by Raja Ravi Varma’s granddaughter — stated that the film was “fraudulently claiming to be based on Raja Ravi Varma’s life”. “It is highly derogatory as it picturises Hon’ble Raja Ravi Varma as a playboy.
If the allegations are true, this would be very seriously defamatory to the culture and heritage of Kerala as well as India and would need to be dealt with as such using all possible legal means,” Chandy wrote to the PM. Following this, the PMO asked I&B Ministry to examine it. The ministry found that the movie had been cleared by Censor Board with an ‘A’ certification five years ago and that its release had got delayed because of distribution-related issues. Realising that there were no reasonable grounds to either “recall” the movie or force a re-release with more cuts, the ministry is learnt to have declined to intervene in the matter and has conveyed this to the PMO.
The film’s makers, sources said, had decided to include a disclaimer saying it is “not anybody’s true life story”.

D.C. to be dealt a dose of winter in a week  and it may stick aroundPrecipitation: Average to slightly below average
Chance of frozen precipitation or snow? Low.
Instead of achieving the normal high of around 60, high temperature will generally average in the low-to-mid 50s through the weekend before moderating and rising to the low 60s on Tuesday or Wednesday next week as southerly winds develop ahead of the second cold front.   That cold front should usher in the really cold air.  However, some uncertainty remains about the front’s timing.
There is quite a bit of uncertainty about how much precipitation the front might bring to the area.  Most model simulations keep the bulk of the precipitation to our north but a few give us 0.50 inches or more.  My own feeling is that these heavier solutions are less likely than solutions that keep our precipitation light east of the mountains.
November 14-20
Precipitation: Slightly below average
Chance of frozen precipitation or snow? Low.
Temperature are expected to average well below the normal mid-to-upper 50s (and lows that are normally in the low 40s).  Instead, high temperatures are expected to average in the upper 40s to low 50s most days with the potential for a day or two to only get into the low-to-mid 40s.  Lows are expected to average in the low-to-mid 30s but temperatures are likely to dip below freezing during a night or two even in the city – likely marking the first freeze of the season.
The pattern is a dry one but not one in which you can totally rule out precipitation. Although the chance of snow is low, it is probably above normal for the time of year because of the unseasonably cold weather that is expected.
Technical discussion 
If you want to blame the coming unseasonably cold period on something, blame Typhoon Nuri .  The combination of Nuri’s heat and moisture along with the very cold air coming off of Asia are ingredients favorable for bombogenesis.  As the extratropical cycle undergoes rapid development it will pump a tremendous amount of warm air into high latitudes which will help develop a massive upper level ridge across Alaska and western Canada.
The above normal heights (warm colors) that extends from Alaska eastward into northern Canada and Greenland and the area of below normal heights (cool colors) to their south means that the Arctic Oscillation will be flipping to its negative phase  courtesy of Nuri.  Such a phase almost always ushers in colder than normal air into the East, especially when ridging is located along the West Coast.
Readers from last year might get that déjà vu feeling looking at the 5-day mean European ensemble 500 mb forecast (around 18,000 ft, below) for the November 9 through 14 period as the pattern looks a lot like last years’ during the period when we were visited by brutal Arctic air .
5-day European ensemble mean 500 mb (around 18,000 ft) departure form normal height forecast for the period 7 a.m. November 9 through 7 a.m. November 14. (WeatherBell.com adapted by author)
Note the large area of above normal 500 mb heights (red area) over Canada and the downstream trough and vortex that develops to its east and southeast which spreads below normal heights (cold colors) across the East. Such a configuration is very similar to what we saw last year.   Like last winter,  the jet stream is displaced northward into Alaska and it then dips south of its normal position over the eastern U.S.
Such a configuration is very favorable for the development of cold surface high pressure systems downstream from the upper level ridge in the area where the circle (above) is located.  These high pressure systems then generally track southeastward into the U.S. helping to deliver cold arctic air.
The temperature differences from normal in Celsius for November 9-14 are shown at an altitude of about 5,000 feet (850 mb) in the map below.
5-day European ensemble mean 850 mb (5000 ft) departure from normal temperature forecast for the period from  7 p.m. November 10 through 7 p.m. November 15. (WeatherBell.com)
Temperatures are predicted to average 22 degrees F below normal (12 C) across much of the Central Plains. The temperature departure from normal in the D.C. area is forecast to be around 10 degrees (or 5.5 C).  You can get a feel for the impact of the Nuri-enhanced storm has on Alaska by the temperature forecast of 32 degrees F (18 C) above normal on the state’s north coast, which can’t be good for the ice road truckers.
Neither the Climate Prediction Center superensemble nor the European ensemble mean display any significant changes from this cold pattern during the ensuing 5 days (November 15-20, see below).  Each holds onto the negative Arctic Oscillation while keeping above normal heights across western North America.  That argues that the during the period from November 15 to 20 temperatures will also average well below normal.  The pattern is not a wet one but, with hint of a little west-southwest flow, there is some potential for a low to track far enough north to give us some precipitation.
5-day European ensemble mean 500 mb (around 18,000 ft) departure form normal height forecast for the period 7 a.m. November 15 through 7 a.m. November 20. (WeatherBell.com adapted by author)
Below I’ve posted a box and whiskers diagram showing GEFS ensemble mean forecast of the temperatures.  It’s a complicated looking figure.
Box and whiskers diagram of the GFS ensemble mean temperature forecast, as represented by the small black boxes and lines. The median is represented by the green circles. One standard deviation from the mean is represented by the vertical green line (for a normal distribution around 68 percent of the forecast would lie within one standard deviation of the mean). The thinner blue line represents the total range of forecasts. The climatology line in gray is of values based on the NCEP renanalyses not the true observed temperature at Reagan National Airport. The labeled times at the bottom of the figure gives day and time, 07/06z is equivalent to November 7 at 1:00 a.m. (WeatherBell.com)
The big take away is that a front will be crossing the area sometime on Tuesday or Wednesday next week and, once that front passes, temperatures are expected to plummet and a prolonged period of colder than normal weather is likely.  The ensemble mean maximum temperatures stay in the 40s through November 20 though the spread of the solutions increases with time suggesting there is potential for a day or two to get into the 50s.
The bottom line is that temperature over the next two weeks should average below normal and that, once the front passes, will fall to well below normal thanks to the development of a massive storm in the Pacific.

7 things to do in the D.C. area on the weekend of Nov. 7-9By Going Out Guide staff November 6
The weekend’s best in nightlife, music and art. For even more, check out Nightlife Agenda .
Stevie Wonder performs his best-loved album in its entirety Sunday at Verizon Center. (Photo by Frank Micelotta/Invision/AP)
Saturday-Nov. 16: FotoWeek DC , the annual celebration of photography, returns for nine days of eclectic exhibitions. Photography events begin Saturday, but the official opening party will be Friday at FotoWeek Central, located at the Former Spanish Ambassador's Residence (2801 16th St. NW) , which will house many of FotoWeek's exhibitions. Tickets to the opening party are $55; admission to FotoWeek shows requires a $5 donation.
Saturday-Sunday: Thought beer festival season ended with Oktoberfest? Not by a longshot. November is a busy month – there are three very different events this Saturday alone. The D.C. Beer Festival lands at Nationals Park on Saturday with  75 participating breweries that include almost every major local brewery and brewpub; Mad Fox in Falls Church  on Saturday will host its annual Cask Ale Festival , with more than 20 breweries; and for all you gluten-free types, there's the Rock to the Core Festival at Union Market, with all cider everything on Saturday and Sunday.  Get the details on each festival: Three beer and cider festivals on Saturday. Which one should you pick?
Saturday-Sunday: For those with an insatiable appetite for fine cuisine, the ninth annual MetroCooking DC event offers a full menu of food, wine and cooking demonstrations. Celebrity chefs Bobby Flay and Guy Fieri will entertain, while other culinary pros lead workshops ranging from basic knife skills to creating specific meals. The event runs Saturday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Sunday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center. General admission tickets start at $20; cooking classes, celebrity meet-and-greets and access to the grand tasting pavilion require additional tickets.
Sunday: The National Museum of African Art is celebrating its 50th anniversary with a collection of works from its holdings and the rarely seen private collection of Camille O. and William H. Cosby Jr. (a.k.a. Bill Cosby). "Conversations: African and African American Artworks in Dialogue" features works by Lois Mailou Jones, Romare Bearden, Elizabeth Catlett, Beauford Delaney and others that explore the relationship between Africa and the African diaspora. An party celebrating the exhibition's opening, featuring a performance by Sheila E. and other special guests, will be Friday from 10 p.m. to 1 a.m. Tickets are $150.
Sunday: Stevie Wonder will land at Verizon Center this weekend on a tour that revolves around his acclaimed 1976 album, "Songs in the Key of Life," which he'll play from start to finish. Upon its release, "Songs" topped the Billboard charts for weeks before winning album of the year honors at the Grammy Awards and becoming one of the most beloved recordings of Wonder's illustrious career. If you want to see an icon perform one of his classics in full, the show begins at 8 p.m. Tickets are $49.50-$149.50 .
Sunday: An iconic figure in British rock-and-roll from his time as guitarist and musical director for the Smiths, Johnny Marr returns to the 9:30 Club for a night of vibrant guitar-pop. Although his last visit was just more than one year ago, his new album, "Playland," will keep you engaged between the Smiths classics Marr will surely perform. Doors open at 6 p.m. Tickets are $25.
Through November: Skip brunch, brunch is dead. Beginning this week and lasting through the month of November, the nascent  Mason Dixie Biscuit Co. will be serving up biscuits and, better, fried chicken on biscuits, at Union Market. Get 'em while they're hot.

Tax rates firmed up as GST gets set for 2016rolloutPrint
the Cabinet note detailing the amendments to the Constitution Amendment Bill has been drafted and will be circulated soon.
Written by Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 12:47 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 6:05 am
The government is giving final touches to one of the most important aspect of the proposed Goods and Services Tax (GST) — the revenue-neutral rate (RNR) — as it prepares to table the Constitution Amendment Bill for GST in the upcoming Winter Session of Parliament.
A senior official told The Indian Express that the government is considering 11 per cent and 12 per cent rate for the Centre and states, respectively, under the GST.
With the government looking at a 2016 deadline for rolling out GST, which has been touted as one of the most ambitious reform, indications are that finance minister Arun Jaitley may make an announcement regarding the same in February in the new Budget.
Meanwhile, the Cabinet note detailing the final amendments to the Constitution Amendment Bill, vital for introducing GST, has been drafted and will be circulated soon, the official added.
“After making the calculations by including petrol and octroi in the GST as opposed to the states’ demand of keeping them out, the rate that has been arrived at is 11 per cent and 12 per cent for the Centre and states, respectively,” the official said.
According to the Thirteenth Finance Commission chaired by Vijay Kelkar, the rate for both the Centre and states was set at 6 per cent, with the combined rate of 12 per cent. He further added, “We are looking at a combined RNR of not more than 24 per cent which is still very high because the GST design we are adopting is distortionary in nature. However, going forward the distortions will be gradually removed, thereby reducing the rates.”
Further, the government has completed its process of redrafting the Bill and has agreed to most of the demands made by the states including having a floor rate with bands to allow states the freedom to have a high or low tax rate.
Although it has included petrol under the GST, opposed to the states’ demand, it has allowed them to levy taxes over and above the GST on the product.
The official said that the Centre will collect taxes from traders having a turnover of over Rs 1.5 crore while the states will tax those having a turnover between Rs 25 lakh and Rs 1.5 crore.
Currently, the threshold for excise duty is annual turnover of Rs 1.5 crore and for service tax it is Rs 10 lakh. The Bill has to be approved by two-thirds majority of Parliament and ratified by 50 per cent states to be passed.
The government is looking at the GST, which will subsume most of the indirect taxes of both states and centre, as a route to improve the ease of doing business by bringing down the incidence of multiple taxes.

Under new govt  one out of two Indias happy: ArunaRoyPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 12:45 am
Having completed over five months at the Centre, the BJP-led government faced a barrage of allegations during a discussion at the World Economic Forum, where social activist Aruna Roy, earlier a member of National Advisory Council under Sonia Gandhi, charged the government with not doing much for the poor, taking away freedom of speech and breaking down social harmony.
Speaking at a session moderated by Nik Gowing of BBC World News, which also saw participation of Piyush Goyal, Minister of State for Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy, and Sunil Bharti Mittal of Bharti Enterprises, Roy said under the government, one of the “two Indias” is happy, while the other is distressed with unfulfilled hopes.
Defending vehemently and asking Roy to shed her pessimism, Goyal said, “The government is working for the safety and security of all 125 crore Indians.”
Roy also raised a question on the PM’s tweets and said, “The PM can’t just tweet to us and have an email id. He has to talk to us, to listen to us.” In response, Goyal said: “We don’t talk to people who are trying to be obstructive.”
On the issue of environment and development, Goyal took at dig at the activism led by Roy and said, “In your years of activism, the forest cover has only gone down.” He added: “We should stop calling development a Mafia activity.”
While Roy raised the issue of rising ethnic tensions in various parts of the country since the new government took over, Goyal said there was no such conflict.
As the argument heated, Roy said the new government had ignored pre-poll promises and was yet to pass the Whistleblower Bill and Lokpal bill. She also raised the issue of people being arrested for Facebook posts. “The government will have to assure that we can speak freely,” said Roy.
Participating in the discussion, Mittal said: “The PM may not wear a skull cap, but that was done for 67 years and where are we?”

US soldier receives highest award 151 yearslaterA soldier whose heroics helped alter the fate of US 151 years ago was awarded the nation's highest military honour.
By: Agence-France Presse | Washington | Posted: November 7, 2014 12:44 am
An American soldier whose last stand heroics helped alter the fate of his country 151 years ago was awarded the nation’s highest military honour today by President Barack Obama.
The Medal of honour was posthumously awarded to First Lt. Alonzo H. Cushing for ordering his artillery battery to continue firing its cannons during a pivotal all-out assault in the American Civil War.
Cushing was cool and competent under fire and said he would “fight it out or die in the attempt” as 10,000 southern rebels charged his position, Obama said during the award ceremony at the White House.
The 22-year-old kept directing cannon fire despite being shot twice in the stomach and shoulder. He would die during the attack in 1863.
Obama said the award was an acknowledgement of one of the “thousands of unknown young soldiers, committing unsung acts of heroism” who saved the nation during the country’s internal conflict.
Half-a-million soldiers were killed in the American Civil War, that saw the northern states triumph over the slave-owning south, ending slavery in the US.
“I’m mindful that I might not be standing here today, as President, had it not been for the ultimate sacrifices of those courageous Americans,” Obama said.
A distant relative of Cushing received the award on behalf of the solider at the ceremony. Historians had worked for 25 years for Cushing to receive the award.
Cushing was born in the US state of Wisconsin and graduated from the country’s military academy, West Point.
He fought at a number of major battles during the Civil War before facing his greatest test at the three-day Battle of Gettysburg in Pennsylvania in July of 1863.
Cushing’s heroism came during ‘Pickett’s Charge’ an all-out assault on the last day of the battle that was perhaps the most pivotal in the war.
The attack ordered by Confederate general Robert E. Lee and fought off by Union troops marked a turning point during the Civil War and was a high-water mark of the southern state rebellion.
As rebel forces advanced Cushing moved his battery forward and opened holes in rebels lines with cannon fire.
“His gallant stand and fearless leadership inflicted severe casualties upon Confederate forces,” the award citation said.
Wounded, Cushing helped fire the guns himself, burning his thumbs to the bone before falling dead next to his cannon.

Childrens Day inChattergamWith the slaying of two boys, the limit of insecurity in Kashmir has been reached. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Written by Gopalkrishna Gandhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 12:41 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 3:04 pm
The nation has not quite “absorbed” the Nobel Peace Prize to an Indian for his work on children’s rights.
Children across the country have only just taken solemn pledges for national unity, as have grown-ups. They have stood, they have run, they have written, they have spoken, they have sung for unity in the name of Sardar Patel.
In about a week, the nation will celebrate Children’s Day, Bal Divas, extra special this year because it is the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru. He loved children, all children. And the crackle of army bullets kills two schoolboys in Chattergam near Srinagar at this precise moment. It is Muharram time, it has to be a season of mourning.
We will never fully know what happened to those two boys, Faisal and Mehrajuddin, out on a Muharram-related errand, driving at some frenzied speed to escape the wrath of the owner of a vehicle they had scraped. But it will never be forgotten by the people of that Valley of Tears. An inquiry has been ordered. The guilty, we are assured, will be punished. But who are “the guilty”? The army, which has been told, tutored, trained to act with alacrity? The state government, which is now “lame duck”? The “Centre”, which, regardless of who is in power, remains unmoving and unmoved by what is happening there? Guilt is a fugitive in Kashmir, justice, a nomad.
But there is such a thing as the limit. And with the slaying of these two boys, the limit of insecurity in Kashmir has been reached. It has been crossed.
I cannot claim to speak for Sardar Patel’s legacy. That has suddenly discovered many owners. But this I can say from “general knowledge”. Had this happened under his watch, he would have put “the guilty” through the shredder. No official statements, certainly not long ones; no media one-liners either. There would have been action, rapid action, what is called ad interim action, with inquiries to follow. And that action would have included a personal reaching out to the two stricken families.
Sardar Patel, as home minister, had a grandson the age of these two boys. He would have known and felt in the pulse of his being what has happened to those families and to families in mourning with them in Kashmir.
I cannot claim to speak for Jawaharlal Nehru’s legacy either. That has had many patent-holders, though some of them would rather have that fact brushed under the carpet right now. But this I can say from “general knowledge”: Pandit Nehru would have flown into a rage, a righteous rage, using all of his Hindustani, his Hindi, his English, and sent his daughter to meet the stricken families ahead of doing continued…

Prithviraj Chavan opts out of CLP raceUpdated: November 7, 2014 00:49 IST
Prithviraj Chavan opts out of CLP race
Priyanka Kakodkar
Maharashtra
Balasaheb Thorat, Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil emerge as front-runners
Amid a rising storm of opposition to his name as the leader of the Congress Legislature Party in Maharashtra, former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan opted out of the race on Thursday.
“I’m not interested in any post. I have been elected after a gap of 15 years and want to spend time in my constituency,” he told reporters ahead of a meeting of the party’s legislators to elect their new chief.
Former ministers Balasaheb Thorat and Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil have emerged as front-runners after legislators met with the party’s central observer, senior leader Mallikarjun Kharge. However, the party has left the decision to Congress president Sonia Gandhi. Mr. Chavan’s opponents in the party blame him for its dismal performance in both the Lok Sabha and Assembly polls. A day ahead of the legislature party meeting, several MLAs had declared that they would oppose Prithviraj Chavan’s name.
Mr. Thorat is said to have the backing of Prithviraj Chavan. However, he is considered too mild to take on the BJP-led government. Mr. Patil is considered an aggressive leader but had in the past parted ways with the Congress and joined the Shiv Sena, which may go against him.

Google & Bob Wright s Autism Speaks collaborate
Boehner warns Obama not to poison the well with go-it-alone approachBy Brian Murphy and Jose A. DelReal November 6 Follow @BrianFMurphy Follow jdelreal
House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) outlined his priorities at a news conference following the midterm elections that swept many Republicans into Congress. He said the president "needs to put politics aside" in dealing with Republican lawmakers. (AP)
House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) gave an early glimpse Thursday of the legislative priorities that will shape the Republican-controlled 114th Congress, setting the stage for two more years of ideological conflict with President Obama and the new Democratic minority.
“Finding common ground is going to be hard work, but it will be even harder if the president isn’t willing to work with us,” Boehner told reporters gathered for an afternoon news conference on Capitol Hill. "I’ve told the president before, he needs to put politics aside and rebuild trust.”
Obama is expected to use his executive authority extend protections for millions of undocumented residents who have been living in the United States for years, essentially bypassing Congress on the issue in the name of expediency. The Ohio Republican spoke at length Thursday about that possibility and warned that such actions would “poison” the president’s relationship with the Republican leadership.
“I’ve made clear to the president that if he acts unilaterally, on his own, outside of his authority, he will poison the well, and there will be no chance of immigration reform moving in this Congress. It is as simple as that,” he said. “When you play with matches, you take the risk of burning yourself. And he’s going to burn himself if he continues to go down this path.”
Boehner, who is in line for a third term as House speaker, listed several priorities for the coming congressional session. Among them: getting approval for the Keystone XL pipeline, moving on tax reform and working on debt reduction.
But expanding upon points made in a Wall Street Journal editorial published Wednesday, Boehner focused much of his attention on his desire to replace and reform key components of the Affordable Care Act, stating with confidence that such measures could pass the House of Representatives during the upcoming session. Although he expressed doubt over whether a full repeal could pass the Senate — even with the GOP in the majority — he said he believes bipartisan support exists for the repeal of several ACA provisions, such as the medical device tax and the individual mandate.
A full repeal of the law is virtually impossible without a veto-proof majority in Congress, but “just because we may not be able to get everything we want doesn’t mean we shouldn’t try to get what we can," said Boehner.
 
Brian Murphy joined the Post after more than 20 years as a foreign correspondent and bureau chief for the Associated Press in Europe and the Middle East. He has reported from more than 50 countries and has written three books.
Jose DelReal is a blogger for Post Politics.

Don t play with monkeys  baboons: Goa s Ebola advisoryPrint
Panaji: The Goa health authorities have advised people "not to play with monkeys and baboons" for fear of contracting the Ebola virus.
The Goa government has already formed a core committee to monitor the preparedness of the state to keep the dreaded West African Ebola disease at bay, a statement said.
The committee comprises top health officials, police, immigration officials in the state and will be chaired by the health secretary.
Among other precautions which have been advised are regular washing of your hands with soap and always consume properly cooked food.
Even as Goa does not have a single Ebola case yet, the advisory advised people "not to touch people with signs and symptoms of Ebola or who have died of Ebola and not to come in contact with their vomit, saliva, blood, stool and any other body fluids.
Recommend

Dow  S&P hit records in volatile tradingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM Modi may order cut in spending againThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Excessive regulation poses risk to India s education systemThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Buy rating in hindu businesslineCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I warned some times back. but was scolded by others. with no fundament...Repost
Guest
i was the first guest to warn at 760 see it is down lock, i also asked why it was struggling when one day sensed soared to 500 points up,  many warnings subsequently only to get counter that it will go up to 1000,  etc pl exit at least now there is nothing in the company
1.56 PM Nov 5th

Further fall tomorrow to 467Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Madam will go into hideout757 Followers
Solar push
“With interest rates coming down, stability in the foreign exchange rate to help hedging, the cost of capital for renewable projects will come down. The target of solar generation has also been increased to 100,000 MW by 2022,” said the Minister.
He added that high tax paying corporates like NTPC and Coal India can invest in the renewable sector and get the benefit of tax incentives for those investments.
On nuclear projects, Goyal said that India is being cautious about nuclear power plants as the lifecycle cost of a plant is not yet clear.
“I hear that US and Europe are also not developing new nuclear power plants. We are cautious about it as we don’t want to be saddled with an old asset in the garb of alternate energy,” he added.
In reply to : MadonnaB message
6.36 AM Nov 7th

AI wants 10 Boeing 737s  not the 777s it orderedAI wants 10 Boeing 737s, not the 777s it ordered
Tushar Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 00:30 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 01:25 IST(5/11/2014)
Comments
Air India (AI) is in talks with Boeing to swap the order for three B777-300 wide-body aircraft for ten state-of-the-art B737 Max planes.
If the discussions fructify, it would be a huge boost for the debt-laden national carrier, which uses the B777 only for ultra long-haul flights to North America, and has deployed the B787 Dreamliner on majority of its international routes.
“We have three B777-300 slots for delivery in 2016. We are examining whether we can take B737 Max instead,” said an AI official, who did not wish to be named.
“We have begun discussions with Boeing and they are quite positive on it,” an AI spokesperson said.
“We do not comment on business discussions with our customers,” a Boeing spokesperson commented.
AI plans to deploy the fuel-efficient B737 Max on the AI Express fleet. AI Express is the national carrier’s low-cost arm. “737 Max would be useful for AI Express. They are looking for this particular type of aircraft, which will blend with their existing fleet of B737-800 planes. We hope to get 9-10 Max in exchange of 3 B777s,” the AI official said.
The earliest slots available for B737 Max are in 2020, AI sources said.
AI Express, the official said, is looking at leasing interim capacity and is in discussions with a few lessors.
“AI Express has a positive load factor of around 85% and is cash surplus. It has a lot of potential especially in the Gulf market. We plan to take seven-eight planes on short-term lease of about five years when we will, hopefully, get the 737 Max,” the official added.
“The 737 Max suits AI perfectly and will deliver significant fuel savings of up to 20% over the original next-generation 737s when they first entered service,” said Subhash Goyal, chairman, STIC Travel Group.

The top 10 batsmen in World Cup historySri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
12 hours ago
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]
India vs Cricket Australia
Thu 4 Dec, 2014 10:44 AM IST
Action images from India's two-day tour game versus Cricket Australia played on December 4 and 5, 2015 at Adelaide. More » India vs Cricket Australia
Tears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 1:38 PM IST
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
3rd Test: Pakistan vs New Zealand
Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:08 PM IST
Phil Hughes: Tributes
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 11:59 AM IST
The tragic death of batsman Phil Hughes from a freakish on-field accident brought the entire cricket community together in an immense outpouring of grief. A look at some of the tributes to the deceased.
Sri Lanka vs England, 2nd ODI
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 12:33 PM IST
India train at Adelaide Oval
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 8:53 AM IST
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014. More » India train at Adelaide Oval
Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 5:07 PM IST
Remembering Phil Hughes
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 4:19 PM IST
The young Australian batsman would have turned 26 on November 30, 2014. Alas, a freak incident on the field of play on November 25 cut short his life. Here's a look at some pictures from the talented and zestful southpaw's life and times.
Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 11:38 AM IST
Australia cricketer Phillip Hughes passed away on November 27, 2014 in Sydney following a head injury he had incurred in a Sheffield Shield match on November 25. During this game … More » Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Today on Yahoo

The growing popularity of organics is both good and bad news for Whole FoodsBy Sarah Halzack November 5 Follow @sarahhalzack
A customer shops at the Whole Foods Market in Woodmere Village, Ohio. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak)
The organic grocery business is expected to explode as Americans become increasingly focused on healthy diets and fresh ingredients.
And that’s both good and bad news for Whole Foods Market, which has long reigned as the nation’s largest organic grocery chain. While there’s increasing demand for the free-range meat, sustainable seafood and locally-grown fruits and vegetables the Austin, Tex.-based grocer is peddling, Whole Foods is also facing more competition than ever from the likes of Sprouts and Fresh Market and major retailers such as Kroger and Wal-Mart that are taking note of the category’s big growth opportunities.
“They were for the longest time the only game in town for a natural, organic experience, and that’s not really the case anymore,” said Jim Hertel, managing partner at food retail consultancy Willard Bishop.
So far, the company has struggled to fend off these newcomers. Sales growth has slowed, and investors have taken it out on the company’s stock, dragging it down about 30 percent this year.
Whole Foods reported Wednesday that sales grew 3.1 percent at stores open at least a year during its most recent quarter, right in line with analysts’ expectations. For many retailers, that kind of growth would be satisfying to investors.  But for Whole Foods, it marks a slowdown from the impressive 7.5 percent uptick in same-store sales the company saw last year and which investors have come to expect.
Whole Foods is fighting back with an aggressive expansion plan.  It opened 13 stores in the last quarter alone, including in small cities such as Palm Desert, Calif., bringing its store count in the United States to 401.  It has 116 more stores in its development pipeline and believes there is long-term demand for about 1,200 stores nationwide.
The company launched its  first national advertising campaign  in October, a $15 million to $20 million effort to build brand recognition in new markets where the company can’t count on word-of-mouth buzz.  The campaign includes commercials during TV programs such as “Modern Family” and “Scandal” and print ads in the New York Times and other major news outlets.
Whole Foods also plans to renovate about 70 percent of its older stores over the next year, which it believes will boost sales in those locations. For example, the company told investors on Wednesday that a recently renovated Indianapolis store swung from negative comparable sales to double-digit sales growth after a refresh. But many of the older Whole Foods stores face challenges that a decor refresh cannot fix:  Some of the smaller stores can’t handle more shoppers. Many also have very limited parking capacity, which can be a turnoff to prospective customers.
As Whole Foods fans out across the country, it also continues to grapple with issues around its pricing.  It has earned a reputation for gobbling up a shopper’s “Whole Paycheck,” but its efforts to get more competitive on price have so far been mixed.  Earlier this year, chief operating officer A.C. Gallo said the company saw “a huge lift” in pounds of salmon sold when the company experimented with lower prices on seafood.  And yet in similar experiments with packaged food items, the company has not seen as much success, Gallo said at the time.
The company is also testing other ways to appeal to price-conscious customers, including matching competitors’ prices on key items and establishing a rewards program for regular shoppers. It has recently expanded its rewards program from one store to 11 and said it plans to roll it out to the majority of its stores by next holiday season.
In a conference call with investors Wednesday, company officials said they were encouraged by the results of its efforts to compete on price.
Grocery retailers, including traditional supermarkets, are struggling to accommodate shoppers evolving habits, including making more small trips to pick up items and spending some of their grocery budget at convenience stores, dollar stores or even drug stores.
Hertel said this pattern might spell trouble for large stores such as Whole Foods and supermarkets like Giant. Grocery retailing is a business of razor-thin profit margins, and these big stores typically make their money on center-store foods, or the packaged goods in the middle aisles, rather than on so-called perimeter foods, such as fresh produce and meat.
“What drew people to Whole Foods predominantly was the quality of the perimeter departments,” Hertel said. “Now that that is no longer distinctive, they could start to lose significant parts of the shopping trip,” including those key center-store sales.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

Goa CM tipped to be defence ministerGoa CM Parrikar meets PM Modi amid speculation of Cabinet berth
By ANI | ANI –  Wed 5 Nov, 2014
Print
New Delhi, Nov. 5 (ANI): Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar met Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the latter's official 7, Race Course Residence (RCR) here on Wednesday evening amid speculation that he may be given a Cabinet berth at the Centre.
According to reports, the Goa CM may be given an important portfolio of Defence Minister.
"He has not said anything about that. I discussed with him issues concerning my state Goa," Parrikar told the media when asked whether he would be assigned a new role at the Centre.
The Goa Chief Minister earlier in the day said that he would discuss issues concerning his state with Prime Minister Modi during his meeting.
Parriker earlier in the day met Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah.
According to certain media reports, Parrikar may be included in Prime Minister Modi-led Cabinet at the Centre. (ANI)
Recommend

Modi among world s most powerful; ranked 15th on Forbes listPM Modi debuts in Forbes list of most powerful people, ranked 15th
By ANI | ANI –  Thu 6 Nov, 2014
Print
New Delhi, Nov. 6 (ANI): Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been ranked 15th in the Forbes list of world's most powerful people this year. Russian President Vladimir Putin has piped his US counterpart Barack Obama for a second year in a row and is at the top.
The list of 72 most powerful people in the world also includes Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani at the 36th position, Arcelor Mittal Chairman and CEO Lakshmi Mittal at 57th and Microsoft's Indian-born CEO Satya Nadella at 64th.
Congress President Sonia Gandhi, who was the highest ranked Indian last year at 21, is no longer a part of the list.
"India's newest rock star does not hail from Bollywood. He is the newly elected Prime Minister who sailed into office in May with a landslide victory, ushering the Bharatiya Janata Party into power," said Forbes.
The top five remain the same as last year. After Vladimir Putin and Barack Obama, Chinese President Xi Jinping has been ranked third, Pope Francis at rank fourth and the world's most powerful woman German Chancellor Angela Merkel at fifth.
Forbes is an American business magazine which is well known for its lists and rankings. (ANI with inputs)
Recommend

We are confident of coming back to power: Kejriwalparties and movements
Bracing for the polls, Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday said he will focus on Delhi for the next five to 10 years
Bracing for the polls, Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday said he will focus on Delhi for the next five to 10 years and any decision on fighting elections in other states will be taken only after people’s mandate in the capital.
The civil servent-turned politician, who faced severe criticism for quitting as Delhi Chief Minister in February, said AAP was “fully ready” to take the electoral plunge and identified BJP as its main opponent.
“We are only concentrating on Delhi. As far as I am concerned, I am going to focus on Delhi for next five to 10 years,” Kejriwal, who led AAP to a dream debut in the Assembly polls in December last year, said.
Noting that a strong base in the national capital was necessary for the party’s growth, the 46-year-old leader said any decision on fighting elsewhere will be taken after polls in Delhi.
“Till Delhi elections, we are not fighting in any other election. After polls here, the party will decide where to fight and where not to fight,” he told PTI.
“BJP have been in power in so many states. Can you name a single state where corruption had come down substantially? Congress has been in governance for 65 years at the Centre and in states, they could not contain corruption. We did it in 49 days”
The AAP leader also strongly rejected criticism that he does not know how to govern, saying people were amazed to see the speed at which the AAP government was taking decisions and provided relief to them.
“We are very confident of our victory. People were amazed to see the speed at which our government was functioning and the kind of decisions we were taking. We are confident of coming back to power,” he said.
Mr. Kejriwal, who had emerged as a mascot of an alternative brand of politics after the Assembly polls last year, said BJP has been running a “propaganda” that AAP does not know how to govern.
“They say we do not know governance. I want to ask what is governance. In the last 65 years, BJP have been in power in so many states. Can you name a single state where corruption had come down substantially? Congress has been in governance for 65 years at the Centre and in states, they could not contain corruption. We did it in 49 days. We know governance. They do not,” he said.

The fall of the Berlin Wall: Stunning before and after pictures on the 25th anniversaryView Photo Gallery —Germany will soon celebrate the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
As the world marks 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall, Robert McCartney and Marc Fisher, two former Post correspondents, look back at history as it unfolded in front of their eyes. (Davin Coburn and Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Berlin demonstrates how it will illuminate the former course of the Berlin Wall from Nov. 7-9 to mark 25 years since it was toppled. (bauderfilm/ Kulturprojekte Berlin GmbH /WHITEvoid 2014)
 
Nick Kirkpatrick is a digital photo editor at The Washington Post. Follow him on Instagram or on Twitter .

OECD cuts growth forecast for India to 5.4%Angel Gurr
(Revising its forecast downwards,…)
NEW DELHI: In yet another endorsement of the new government's policies aimed at reviving the economy, the OECD has bumped up India's growth forecast for next year citing a pickup in investment because of the improved political situation that stems from the Narendra Modi-led BJP having come to power with a substantial majority that will enable it to undertake reforms.
The country could be within striking distance of China by 2016 in terms of the pace of growth, with that country forecast to slow in the years ahead, according to the OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development). But that doesn't mean the central bank can relent in the fight against inflation, it said. This runs counter to the demand for interest rate cuts from companies and some government quarters. OECD expects the Indian economy to expand 6.4% next year compared with 5.9% estimated less than two months back in its September '14 interim outlook.
OECD outlook projects inflation to head lower
"GDP will slow in China, but pick up in India and remain sluggish in Brazil and Russia," the Paris-based grouping said in the OECD Economic Outlook released on Thursday that lowered growth targets for the global economy.
Since taking charge, the Modi government has unveiled several policy changes such as deregulating diesel prices, linking gas prices to global benchmarks, amendments to labour policies, steps to end the 'inspector raj' and cutting red tape for businesses. It's expected to unveil further reform measures in the months ahead. Stock markets have boomed, with the key indices rising to records on Wednesday. Thursday was a market holiday.
"Improved business sentiment resulting from reduced political uncertainty, deregulation, and the government commitment to cut red tape should boost growth," OECD said, releasing the forecast ahead of the November15-16 G-20 summit in Brisbane that PM Modi will attend. A detailed forecast will be released on November 25.
"Investment will be the main growth engine, after several quarters of subdued growth," it said, adding that the pace of reforms has picked up in India. Growth is projected to rise to 6.6% in 2016 while China will slow to 6.9% by that year. However, for the current year, India's growth forecast has been cut to 5.4% from 5.7% estimated initially. These numbers are not strictly comparable with India's national headline statistics that are compiled on basis of factor cost and follow a April-March fiscal.
"In India, pickup in growth after the sharp slowdown in 2012-13 will continue despite the tight monetary and fiscal stance," the OECD statement said. The outlook also projects inflation to head lower, but it hasn't backed India Inc's demand for lower interest rates. "The output gap is projected to remain negative, and inflation is expected to continue to drift down as inflations expectations anchor lower," OECD said. "In India, still-high inflation expectations call for a continuation of tight monetary policy stance," it said separately in its policy prescription.
OECD also called for subsidy reforms. "India needs to continue fiscal consolidation, but should also improve its quality, rebalancing expenditures away from subsidies and toward public investment," it said. The organisation projects the global economy will expand 3.3% in 2014 and recover gradually to 3.7% in 2015 and 3.9% in 2016. "We have yet to achieve a broad-based, sustained global expansion, as investment, credit and international trade remain hesitant," OECD secretarygeneral Angel Gurria said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Surge in capped drawdown pensionsMore UK pension savers head for capped drawdown
Josephine Cumbo, Pensions Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/93257450-65aa-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ESPN ombudsman blames everyone for Bill Simmons episodeBy Erik Wemple November 6 Follow @ErikWemple
(Associated Press Photo/ESPN Images, Don Juan Moore)
In late September, ESPN suspended commentator and Grantland editor in chief Bill Simmons for having called NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell a “liar” for his statements in the Ray Rice affair. The suspension has long since expired, but ESPN ombudsman Robert Lipsyte, in a column that’s part of his goodbye tour , tackles all the culprits in this case:
1) Bill Simmons: “If you call a subject a liar on ESPN, you better have definitive proof.” As this blog has written , a heck of a lot of proof can be found on ESPN’s very own site .
2) ESPN: “We’ve recently been over ESPN’s inconsistent approach to discipline , which helps to create an uncertain atmosphere; just how far can a contributor go before hitting that invisible electric dog fence? That, combined with guidelines for standards and practices that are not as clear as they need to be, can provoke risky behavior.”
3) Bill Simmons fans. According to Lipsyte, Simmons junkies are “younger, more male and less conservative than ESPN’s overall audience, at least based on my mail.” More: “It’s an audience that can imagine itself hanging out with Simmons, arguing hoops and best ‘Game of Thrones’ lines. It’s an audience that puts pressure on Simmons to fulfill its fantasy of him as an older brother role model, a rebel in the benign father-knows-best world of ESPN. So every so often he gets grounded, they seem to say? Big deal.”
The Erik Wemple Blog is going to tuck Lipsyte’s fan-culpability rationale into our wallet. We’re going to transfer it to a safekeeping box at home. And then, the next time we really screw up, we’re going to take it out and give it a try. Blame the readers!
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

What the AP U.S. History fight in Colorado is really aboutBy Charles Lane November 6 Follow @ChuckLane1
(REUTERS/Rick Wilking)
MORRISON, COLO. — If future high school classes ever study the recent conflict over the AP U.S. history curriculum in Jefferson County, Colo., they will probably learn it was a battle in America’s endless culture wars.
At least that’s what they’ll learn if the history books reflect the predominant media narrative about the uproar: Concerned students, parents and teachers rose up against what they saw as right-wing thought control by the Denver suburb’s conservative-led school board, which had floated a plan to ensure that AP US history “promote[s] citizenship, patriotism, essentials and benefits of the free enterprise system” and does “not encourage or condone civil disorder [or] social strife.”
Having spent several days reviewing events in conversations with people on both sides in “JeffCo,” however, I have a slightly different take. The real moral of the story is that conservative school reformers have some good ideas, but they need to be a lot smarter about carrying them out than the Jefferson County Board of Education was – because their opponents, including teachers unions, will pounce on their slightest mistake.
To understand what happened in Jefferson County, you have to understand what happened next door in Douglas County, a heavily Republican suburb, over the last few years. “DougCo” voters elected conservative reformers to the school board who implemented a strong school-choice policy agenda. When the contract with the teachers union expired, the board ended both collective bargaining and the union dues check-off on teacher paychecks. These actions were perfectly legal in Colorado and the union was helpless to reverse them.
Then, in 2013, three conservatives won the election for Jefferson County’s five-member school board, backed by the same forces – the Colorado chapter of Americans for Prosperity (of Koch brothers fame) and school-choice activists such as Steve Schuck, a Colorado Springs real estate developer – that had supported the Douglas County conservatives.
Suddenly, the union feared a repeat of the “DougCo” ouster – only this time in 86,000-student JeffCo, the state’s second largest school district, where affiliates of the National Education Association collect millions of dollars in dues each year. (DougCo’s union was a branch of the American Federation of Teachers.) Having also been overwhelmingly defeated in a 2103 referendum campaign for higher taxes to fund schools, the NEA could ill afford another major setback.
When the JeffCo school board’s new majority installed a superintendent sympathetic to their agenda, and began working on a new pay system that would reward teachers according to annual performance ratings, the union cried foul, complaining that the board had violated various rules and regulations. Kerrie Dallman, the president of Colorado’s NEA branch, declared a “crisis” and brought in NEA cadre from as far away as California. During the 2014 summer vacation, these organizers met with teachers at their homes, distributing talking points and, crucially, urging them to let the union deduct dues directly from their bank accounts, according to two teachers who received visits. The NEA was “dug in and going to total war,” says Floyd Ciruli, a Denver pollster and consultant with years of experience in local politics.
But even though Jefferson County is far more evenly divided between Republicans and Democrats than Douglas County, the union campaign got little traction. The union’s objections were mainly procedural, the board’s actions were consistent with the new majority’s campaign promises – and the pay-for-performance system made a lot of sense to voters. Under the new plan, teachers ranked “highly effective” would get the biggest raises and those ranked “ineffective” – fewer than 100 out of about 5,000 — would get none.
The board scheduled its final vote on the new pay system for Sept. 18. For at least a week prior to that date, emails had circulated among teachers urging them to call in sick on Sept. 19 to protest what the union saw, correctly, as an inevitable board vote in favor of pay for performance. Arguably illegal, the teacher “sickout” might have turned many parents against the union. But at the Sept. 18 meeting, conservative board member Julie Williams also proposed a new committee to scour the AP US history curriculum for alleged left-wing bias.
To be sure, the College Board’s 150-page revised plan for AP U.S. history is a tendentious bore. The section on World War II, for example, mentions “the attack on Pearl Harbor,” but not the country that carried it out. It alludes to U.S. concentration camps for Japanese Americans, but not the ones run by Hitler (also not named) that Americans liberated. Still, ideological bias is nothing new in U.S. history classes; nowadays, it’s typically leftish, but my text book in Maryland taught that Reconstruction was a disaster brought on by scheming carpetbaggers and scalawags.
Given their more pressing local institutional goals, and given the natural fears of parents to do anything that might complicate their college-bound kids’ access to AP classes, it was a huge strategic blunder for the Jefferson County reformers to get caught up in this particular right-wing kulturkampf.
Another member of the majority, John Newkirk, quickly introduced milder language to replace Williams’ measure. By then, though, news of the board’s “censorship” of AP US history had started spreading on social media.
Parents and students hit the streets, denouncing not only “censorship” but also, oddly enough, the new pay plan for teachers. It would be wrong to say that teachers or their union manipulated the student protests; many in Jefferson County genuinely objected to perceived ideological bias in their classes. Clearly, though, union backers encouraged the protests and made as much political hay from the uproar as they could.
The story made headlines from Los Angeles to New York; the American Historical Association’s executive director denounced the board and praised the students; the College Board, which administers AP exams and devised the curriculum at issue in Jefferson County, also pressured the school board. At an Oct. 2 school board meeting, packed with teachers and their sympathizers shouting “recall,” the board back-tracked , agreeing to refer the whole curriculum issue to a series of committees. The issue died down thereafter, as the state’s bitterly contested elections for governor, senator and state legislature took center stage.
Knowledgeable participants in the drama tell me, however, that the board has been durably damaged in public opinion and it’s just a matter of time before the union starts collecting signatures on petitions to recall all three conservatives. It will be expensive – but the union has nothing to lose. If the conservative majority survives, it would likely end collective bargaining upon the expiration of the current contract in mid-2015, just as the Douglas County board did. Steve Schuck told me the school board majority had every right to question the new AP curriculum, but handled the issue so “inartfully,” as he put it, that it “this just gave the union the ammunition they needed to undermine and sabotage and try to distract.”
Or, as the union and its supporters might put it, to win.
Charles Lane is a Post editorial writer, specializing in economic policy, federal fiscal issues and business, and a contributor to the PostPartisan blog.

The controversial GPS device that helped officials catch an alleged Philadelphia abductorBy Abby Ohlheiser November 7 Follow @abbyohlheiser
A frame from a video that reportedly showed Carlesha Freeland-Gaither’s abduction. (Philadelphia Police Department via European Pressphoto Agency)
Local and federal law enforcement officials announced Wednesday that they had rescued a nursing assistant whose violent abduction in Philadelphia was caught on surveillance video. And as police credit that video for its role in finding Carlesha Freeland-Gaither, 22, and her alleged abductor, Delvin Barnes, another sort of surveillance technology also helped lead officials to the suspect and the victim: a GPS device, planted in Barnes’s car by the dealership that sold him the vehicle.
Delvin Barnes is pictured in a booking photo. (Philadelphia Police Department via Reuters)
Barnes, 37, was arrested in Maryland on Wednesday, three days after Freeland-Gaither was abducted on a Philadelphia street. Freeland-Gaither was with Barnes at the time of his capture in Jessup and was in reasonably good condition, authorities said at a news conference.
Officials began to zero in on their location after the victim’s credit card was used near the Maryland-Delaware border .
But a major break in the case came from law enforcement in Virginia, where police already were investigating Barnes in a different case. The images of the suspect in the Philadelphia abduction indicated that it might be him.
Barnes has a long criminal history and was wanted in Virginia as a suspect in an abduction there.
Investigators began tracking the movements of his car — a gray Ford Taurus — through the GPS device. The dealership installed it because of Barnes’s poor credit at the time of purchase.
A woman snatched off the streets of Philadelphia was rescued with the help of a GPS device that had been installed on the suspect's car by the dealer in case the vehicle needed to be repossessed, authorities said Thursday. (AP)
Two detectives working together in neighboring Virginia counties guessed that the car might have such a device after they “noticed a Virginia inspection sticker on the front windshield and a decal from a car dealership in the Richmond area,” as The Post reported Thursday night. The detectives were aware that the dealership placed GPS devices in some of the vehicles it sold.
Capt. Jayson Crawley of the Charles City County Sheriff’s Office and Sheriff’s Lt. J.J. McLaughlin III of the New Kent County Sheriff’s Office asked the dealership to activate the device on Wednesday, they told The Post.
The dealership complied, and Barnes’s car was located that day in Jessup.
Over the past few years, car dealerships — especially those catering to lower-income customers and those with poor credit — have placed GPS devices in the cars they sell, sometimes without the knowledge of the buyer. The practice is controversial.
Police have found Carlesha Freeland-Gaither, 22, who was abducted in Philadelphia on Sunday. The kidnapping suspect Delven Barnes, 37, is being held in Virginia on an unrelated warrant for attempted capital murder, Philadelphia Police Chief Ramsey said on Wednesday. (Reuters)
The devices are generally “designed to help the repo man find your car if you stop paying,” the Tampa Bay Times reported in 2013. The devices stay on the car until the loan is paid off.
“They don’t want the customer to know that if they don’t pay, they can come find it,” Duane Overholt, a consumer advocate who runs the Web site StopAutoFraud.com , told the Times.
In the case of one Florida dealership, customers whose cars were equipped with tracking devices were invited in for a “safety check” after they finished paying, at which time the device was covertly removed, the Times reported.
It’s not clear whether Barnes knew about the device in his car.
The GPS devices, which have been the subject of several lawsuits, have gotten even more high-tech, as the New York Times reported in September. Some dealerships can even use them to disable a car from starting until a payment is made.
From the Times report:
“The thermometer showed a 103.5-degree fever, and her 10-year-old’s asthma was flaring up. Mary Bolender, who lives in Las Vegas, needed to get her daughter to an emergency room, but her 2005 Chrysler van would not start.
The cause was not a mechanical problem — it was her lender.
Ms. Bolender was three days behind on her monthly car payment. Her lender, C.A.G. Acceptance of Mesa, Ariz., remotely activated a device in her car’s dashboard that prevented her car from starting. Before she could get back on the road, she had to pay more than $389, money she did not have that morning in March.”
The Times reported that the devices “have been installed in about two million vehicles” and “are helping feed the subprime boom by enabling more high-risk borrowers to get loans. But there is a big catch. By simply clicking a mouse or tapping a smartphone, lenders retain the ultimate control. Borrowers must stay current with their payments, or lose access to their vehicle.” The devices, according to the Times, are “now used in about one-quarter of subprime auto loans nationwide.”
As the Tampa Bay Times noted in its 2013 report, “car repossessions guided by GPS are so widespread the industry has its own trade group: The Payment Assurance Technology Association. The group has a code of ethics that requires its members to ‘fully define and disclose’ the devices to customers.”
The Maryland-based association calls them “payment assurance devices.”
Privacy and consumer advocates have said they are troubled by the way lenders are using GPS tracking devices in cars, and the New York Times noted that “state and federal authorities are grappling with how to regulate the new technology.”
The vehicle was found on Waterloo Road, just off of Route 1, by a Jessup shopping center that includes a Starbucks, an organic grocery store and other stores. It is across the street from a Maryland State Police barrack.
The Philadelphia Inquirer reported that law enforcement officials “watching the sedan with the broken windows in the parking lot in Jessup . . . saw two figures in the backseat: a man and a woman they hoped was” Freeland-Gaither.
Then the man climbed into the front seat and tried to pull away. The ATF agents closed in with guns drawn. The man surrendered without a fight.
The terrified woman in the backseat gave her name: Carlesha.
And with that, the three-day ordeal that stretched across state lines and galvanized police and the public came to an end, with Carlesha Freeland-Gaither injured but safe, and a wanted man with a history of violence in custody.
Investigators aren’t aware of a link between Barnes and Freeland-Gaither. Barnes was charged federally on Thursday with kidnapping. He also faces attempted murder and rape charges in Virginia for a separate kidnapping on Oct. 1.
Tom Jackman contributed to this report.
[This story has been updated.]
Carlesha Freeland-Gaither’s cousin, Cinquetta Barfield, says it is “a relief to know” the 22-year-old is safe after she was taken from a Philadelphia street. Police believe they have in custody the man who kidnapped Gaither. (Reuters)
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Will 3 percent down payments help or hurt the housing market Probably neither.By Dina ElBoghdady November 6 Follow @DinaWaPo
(David Ryder/Bloomberg)
The government’s latest push to jump-start the housing market involves allowing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to accept mortgages with down payments as low as 3 percent – versus the 5 percent minimum currently required by the two mortgage giants.
Regulators said the move would help make more mortgages available to “creditworthy but lower-wealth borrowers.” Critics called it a return to lax lending standards that would lead to more loans defaulting.
But researchers at the Urban Institute – and, more recently, the chief executive of Fannie Mae – said the latter outcome is unlikely.
The researchers -- Taz George, Laurie Goodman and Jun Zhu – analyzed the performance of low down payment loans backed by Fannie Mae in the recent past. (Fannie accepted 3 percent down until late 2013.) They found that the default rate for loans with 3 percent to 5 percent down were  very similar to the default rates on loans with 5 percent to 10 percent down. They also found that very few borrowers got the lower down payment loans (peaking at 3.4 percent in 1999). And nearly all of those who did had top-notch credit.
Their analysis concluded that the proposed change would be “no big deal.”
In an earnings call with reporters Thursday, Fannie officials made a similar point. “We have substantial experience with these loans, and we have analyzed their performance,” Timothy J. Mayopoulos, Fannie’s chief executive, said. “In short, these loans have performed well.”
 
Fannie and Freddie do not make loans. They buy them from lenders, package them into securities and sell them to investors. For a fee, they guarantee the mortgages and then pay investors if the loans default.
Fannie and Freddie only buy loans with less than a 20 percent down payment if they carry private mortgage insurance, so even if some 3 percent low down payment loans were to default, taxpayers would not be forced to take a loss first, Mayopoulos said.
Fannie purchased these low-down loans for many years, at least dating back to 1999, and continues to accept them for mortgages made through state and local housing finance agencies. The mortgage insurance industry said it continues to insure those loans, and they’re doing well.
In fact, taxpayers are better off if Fannie and Freddie support more low downpayment mortgages, said Rohit Gupta, chief executive of Genworth US Mortgage Insurance. It might mean that fewer borrowers seek loans backed by the Federal Housing Administration, which accepts loans with as little as 3.5 percent down. With FHA, taxpayers are on the hook for 100 percent of a loan that goes bad. With Fannie and Freddie, the mortgage insurance industry would absorb most of the losses for a loan that defaults.
But the question remains: Will lenders offer loans to borrowers with an 3 percent down payment simply because Fannie and Freddie allow it? After all, the industry didn’t make many of those loans back when it could.
Since the housing bust, lenders have been forced to buy back billions in loans from Fannie and Freddie, and big banks have agreed to multibillion-dollar legal settlements tied to the crisis. In response, the industry has tightened its lending standards beyond what Fannie and Freddie require to insulate itself against more penalties and lawsuits. So it’s no wonder they’ve shied away from low down payment loans.
“From their point of view they were suffering a lot of beatings,” Mayopoulos said. “There’s a legal and regulatory environment that I think lenders are still fearful of.”
To get the industry to ease up, the regulator who oversees Fannie and Freddie recently announced that it would clarify the rules that determine when a buy back should take place. The details should be released in coming weeks. That should help allay the industry’s concerns, Mayopoulos said. “Many lenders have said to me they are encouraged by these developments and they are planning on adjusting their practices,” he added.
But Mayopoulos acknowledged that none of the steps proposed, including the low down payment loans, are a “silver bullet” in and of themselves. It remains to be seen how lenders will respond. It's also unclear how many potential borrowers will seek out such mortgages given that some first-time home buyers, who generally struggle to save for a down payment, still face many challenges in today’s tough job market, Mayopoulos said.
Fannie and Freddie have yet to announce the details of the 3 percent-down program.
“We believe that by going to a [3 percent-down loan] we will reach more credit-worthy borrowers,” Mayopoulos said. “How many more is yet to be determined.”
 

Recent accidents in the Indian NavyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Andhra Pradesh government planning "land bank" to promote industriesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hester rejects cuts to RSA costsHester holds firm on cuts to RSA cost base
Alistair Gray, Insurance Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47860410-65af-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

G20 committed to global response to deal with tax evasion: IndiaBase Erosion
(India today said the Grouping…)
NEW DELHI: As it attempts to unearth black money stashed abroad, India today said the Grouping of 20 major economies(G20) of which it is a member is committed to a global response to deal with cross border tax avoidance and evasion.
Tax evasion will be a key issue at G20's upcoming summit in Brisbane which is expected to deliberate on a timeline for implementing the common reporting standards for automatic exchange of tax information by 2017. Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be among other world leaders to attend the two-day summit starting on November 15.
Former Union Minister Suresh Prabhu , who will be Modi's 'sherpa' at the summit, said there will be a particular focus on steps to deal with Base Erosion and Profit Sharing(BEPS), where globally operating firms shift profits to low or no-tax jurisdictions.
"There will be a new platform, a new regime and common reporting standrds," Prabhu said, giving a broad overview on the G20 priorities at the summit.
An action plan to tackle BEPS to make sure companies pay their fair share of tax is expected to be finalized in 2015. The BEPS initiative would ensure that tax is paid where profits are made.
India last month failed to attend an OECD meeting in Berlin where a multilateral agreement requiring a commitment to follow international standards of confidentiality for information received relating to black money was signed.
Official sources said that India was not able to attend the Berlin meeting where it was to sign a multilateral competent authority agreement and intended first information exchange date.
The Government of India had to give an international commitment that it would follow international standards on information received.
At the meeting of the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), 51 countries signed the agreement to share financial data and boost efforts to crack down on tax evasion.
The transparency drive, which will launch the automatic exchange of tax information between countries, was hailed by finance ministers as a watershed in the battle against tax dodgers.
Prabhu also said that taxation issues relating to ecommerce required consideration of the G20 countries.
"There is some progress but lot needs to be done," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Communications partners Google for cloud computing servicesTata Communications partners Google for cloud computing services
PTI Nov 7, 2014, 12.31AM IST
Tags:
Amazon Web Services
(Global internet solution…)
NEW DELHI: Global internet solution provider Tata Communications today said it has become authorised partner for Google Cloud Platform.
Under the terms of this agreement, Google's new service, Google Cloud Interconnect will connect with Tata Communications' IZO Public platform that enables companies to set up their cloud computing facility.
"Together with Google, we are committed in creating an ecosystem to make the Internet fit for business to address how businesses use the Internet to connect to the cloud in a secure and predictable way," Tata Communications' NextGen Business CEO Julie Woods-Moss said in a statement.
Cloud platform offers access to computing facility like storage or software on pay as per use model instead of buying the full product at one go. Most of the companies are now accessing software and storage through cloud business model to reduce their expenses as per business needs.
Large corporates generally make their own private network due to their requirement of high speed access and delivery of data as well as to keep their data secure.
Tata Communications has already partnered with Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure for IZO platform. The company launched IZO platform last week in 34 countries and plans to expand it to 100 countries by 2016.
FEATURED ARTICLES

7 tunnels planned at key spots to ease Delhi trafficDelhi traffic police have proposed construction of seven tunnel roads in the city, a move that will open up badly clogged stretches like ITO where traffic jams are expected to come down by 80%, sources said on Thursday.
 
These roads are likely to be short – each around 1 kilometre to 2.5 kilometres in length – to make them cost-effective and allow motorists to use them as soon as possible.
 
“If you look at the way roads have been planned in Delhi you will notice that a lot of stretches have been left disconnected. The idea is to connect the missing links and provide an alternative route for commuters,” said Anil Shukla, joint commissioner of police (traffic).
 
A high-powered committee of the union transport ministry will soon examine the proposal and the traffic police hope at least one tunnel road will be ready in two years.
 
HT had run a 24-part series, Unclog Delhi, in August and September, identifying the city’s most congested stretches and possible ways to free them up.
 
These tunnel roads will connect parallel locations, for instance Bhagwan Das Road and Old Fort to Ring Road, easing traffic jams in adjacent areas like ITO, Mandi House, Tilak Marg, Mathura Road and Pragati Maidan.
 
A traffic police report says over 100,000 vehicles pass through the ITO crossing every day.
 

20 may be moved in Modis mega Cabinet shake-up on SundayComments
About 20 cabinet ministers and ministers of state (MoS) are likely to be sworn in at a function at Rashtrapati Bhawan on Sunday afternoon in a significant revamp of Narendra Modi's ruling team.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
The Prime Minister is set to expand his 44-member strong council of ministers by inducting new faces, promoting junior ministers and reshuffling the portfolios of many others.  Government sources said that the reshuffled team would likely be unveiled at 1.30pm on Sunday, two days before Modi leaves on a three-nation, 10-day tour. President Pranab Mukherjee , who will swear the ministers in, returns on Saturday from a trip to Bhutan.
The man tipped by many to become India's new defence minister, Manohar Parrikar, all but confirmed that he would be making the move to Delhi. Parrikar, who is chief minister of Goa, flew back to Panaji after meeting Modi and BJP president Amit Shah in Delhi, and told reporters: "I am not comfortable, I have too much affection towards the state. But rationality tells me if nation requires your services, I should take it. Whenever Goa wants my services, I will be there," he said.
Parrikar said that the BJP leadership had told him to accept an assignment at the Centre if it were offered.
"It is the prerogative of the Prime Minister. However, I would like to inform that the party has indicated to me that if such assignment comes, you should accept it,” he said.
Sources at Rashtrapati Bhavan said that the list of ministers to be sworn in is yet to be handed over but confirmed that Modi and Mukherjee had held a half hour discussion at the presidential palace.
BJP's largest ally, the Shiv Sena, is set to get to more berths. Sena sources said that the party may get one MoS with independent charge and another MoS portfolio. The Sena currently has one minister in the cabinet, Anant Geete, who is likely to retain the heavy industries portfolio.
Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu, who is tipped to get a portfolio, remained tight-lipped. Asked if he was being inducted in the Cabinet, Prabhu, who is the PM's sherpa for the upcoming G20 Summit, joked, "That should be on the G20 agenda!”
BJP vice president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, former finance minister Yashwant Sinha’s son Jayant Sinha, Haryana leader Birender Singh, Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, Himachal Pradesh leaders JP Nadda or Anurag Thakur, Bhumihar leaders from Bihar Giriraj Singh or Bhola Singh and a couple of others are in contention for ministerial slots.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu, whose Telugu Desam Party is a BJP ally, also indicated that an expansion of the cabinet was on the cards. "You will know details about the Cabinet expansion in two days," said Naidu, who had walked off stage for a few minutes during an interview at the World Economic Forum's India summit to attend a phone call from somebody he declined to identify. His party currently has one ministry and may get one more.
Parrikar, who led BJP to victory in the 2012 assembly polls in his state, said he was not comfortable about having to shift to the Centre.
"One reservation (about moving to Delhi) is because I have been elected for a five-year term with a popular mandate. My feeling is unless I complete the term it is not right on my part to leave mid-way. If I get an offer from the Prime Minister, then I will let you know what are my reasons for accepting the offer," he said.
Parrikar said he would be meeting BJP MLAs on Friday to brief them about developments. He, however, refused to say anything about who would be his successor. "There are many issues in deciding the successor... his capacity to deliver and to take everyone along. That is the party's internal assessment," he said. State assembly Speaker Rajendra Arlekar, deputy chief minister Francis D'Souza and union minister Sripad Yesso Naik are seen as contenders for the CM’s post.
 

Naval vessel sinks off Vizag harbour  1 dead  4 missingCrossing the line: Mamata takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language use.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

In 2012  Democrats won the popular vote but lost the House. Not this year.By Philip Bump November 6 Follow @pbump
It didn't take long in the wake of the 2012 elections for Democrats to point out an inconsistency: The party won the popular vote in House races by more than 1 million votes, but the Republicans still controlled more seats. This was fodder for all sorts of prognostication , focusing on redistricting and the "Big Sort"  as possible rationales.
That same scenario didn't repeat itself this year, however. In fact, 2012 is one of only two times in the past 12 cycles that the winner of the House popular vote didn't also win more seats. The other was 1996, when Democrats barely won more of the popular vote. Both years followed strong shifts in control of the House.
Looking at the data another way, 2012 is the big dot on the graph below, the one point that's distinctly not in either the lower left quadrant (where Democrats win the popular vote and more House seats) or the upper right (where Republicans triumph in both).
Also note in the first graph that, since 1992, Democrats have received more of the popular House vote in four of six presidential cycles. Republicans have received more votes in five of the six midterm cycles. So 2016 seems to be setting up as a possible repeat of 2012: a presidential year following a dominant Republican performance. It could be a much better test of whether the Big Sort is providing a substantial long-term benefit to the GOP -- or if 2012 was an outlier.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

NASA biggest test flight in years still on track despiteaccidentsNASA's biggest test flight in years remains on track for next month, despite last week's space-related accidents.
By: Associated Press | Cape Canaveral | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:16 am
NASA’s biggest test flight in years remains on track for next month, despite last week’s space-related accidents.
Officials said Thursday everything looks good for the December 4 launch of NASA’s new Orion capsule. This one will not carry a crew. Future Orions are meant to carry astronauts on missions of deep-space exploration.
The spacecraft will blast off atop a Delta IV rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida. The brief flight will send it 3,600 miles (5,800 kilometers) into space before parachuting into the Pacific.
William Hill, who helps run exploration systems development for NASA, says the test flight systems have nothing in common with either the Orbital Sciences rocket that blew up at liftoff on October 28 or the Virgin Galactic SpaceShip Two destroyed in flight last Friday.

World comes around in ayearViswanathan Anand who lost 6.5-3.5 to Magnus Carlsen last year, has played sublime chess in 2014. (Source: PTI)
Posted: November 7, 2014 1:15 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 10:51 am
By: Nigel Short
The World Chess Championship between Magnus Carlsen and Viswanathan Anand, beginning on November 7 in Sochi, Russia, presents the Indian titan with an unexpected opportunity to add further glory to an extraordinarily distinguished career.
When Anand was trounced, in Chennai, last year , by the brilliant Norwegian, half his age, it appeared to be the end of the road for his title aspirations. So mediocre had been his play over the preceding three years that the defending champion’s defeat was about as foregone a conclusion as matches get at this level — his vast experience notwithstanding.
Therefore, when the Candidates (the FIDE qualification tournament for this year’s championship) took place in Khanty-Mansiysk, in darkest Siberia, this March, few, if any, commentators gave him much hope. They were very wrong. Unburdened by the weight of expectation, the rejuvenated Anand eased to a convincing triumph.
Occasionally a batsman flukes his way to a century after being dropped several times, but there was nothing fortuitous about Anand’s sublime performance in Russia. If anything, he could have scored more points. It was as though all his cares and worries, which had inhibited his form for an aeon, had vanished. The pundits were not the only ones to be confounded by Vishy’s sudden transformation: Anand himself described his win as “way beyond anything I could have dreamed of”.
Therein lies Anand’s best, and perhaps only, chance: if he is to regain the throne, he must liberate his mind completely. He must accept that he has nothing to lose and everything to gain. At the gerontological age (in chess terms) of 44, he has already surpassed presuppositions merely by reaching the final. He must be undaunted by adversity and attack his opponent boldly, without compromise.
This is not, I hasten to emphasise, to advocate a kamikaze approach. One may begin a game innocuously, but there often comes a moment when a player can choose to intensify the pressure or take a calmer, safer option. In those situations, Anand must ratchet up the tension. He must let his opponent smell and fear the symbolic death of defeat.
A dip in Carlsen’s form
Magnus Carlsen, on the other hand, has had a slightly disappointing year by his own lofty standards — although, by no small consolation, he did win both the Rapid and Blitz World Championships. It is perhaps understandable that he has lost his focus a little after scaling the summit. A few uncharacteristic defeats have crept in. He could be seen energetically partying at the Tromso Olympiad and while, as a young man, it would be most unnatural if he didn’t enjoy his fame, it may also have taken a small toll on his results.
In contrast to recent history, 2014 has been dominated not by the Norwegian, but by Fabiano Caruana. The 22 year-old Italian’s astonishing 7/7 start, against the world elite continued…

Allott  more than a sum of his 20 wkts in99Print
Written by Vishal Menon | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:13 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 8:18 am
It has been fourteen years since he last played an ODI match, but his enthusiasm for the game is no less than what it was during his playing days. Geoff Allott, whose claim to fame will always remain being the joint highest wicket-taker of the 1999 World Cup, is now happy to be a cricket administrator, a role which he says has been a “deeply fulfilling” experience.
“I have been a board member with New Zealand Cricket for the past 12 months. It’s a great place to be, more so because it gives me a chance to give something back to the game I love,” the Christchurch native said.
With the World Cup less than 100 days away, Allott is excited and emotional about Christchurch hosting the opening ceremony of the showpiece event on February 14. “Cricket will be returning to this part of the world after eight years. After the devastation caused by the earthquake, the public of Canterbury have bonded well and New Zealand’s newest international ground, the Hagley Oval, is now ready with the best facilities on offer,” he said.
However, after the city’s main stadium, the Lancaster Park, was devastated by the earthquake in 2011, New Zealand Cricket decided to revamp the Hagley Oval. The new-look stadium now has a capacity of 18,000 and has already been used for domestic games. It will also debut as New Zealand’s eighth Test venue when it hosts the Boxing Day Test match against Sri Lanka.
The 42-year-old has fond memories of playing as a youngster at the Hagley. “I was part of the High School Old Boy’s team that played club cricket here. My grandfather played in this ground as well, so the stadium is seeped in history.”
For the World Cup, Allott expects pitches in New Zealand to foster exciting cricket.
“Traditionally, we have seen slow and green wickets here. But that will not be the case during the World Cup. Only Eden Park (Auckland) and West Pac Trust Stadium (Wellington) will have drop-in wickets. Apart from that all other stadiums will have good sporting wickets,” he said.
Allott believes that the current Kiwi side has the ideal blend of youth and experience. With captain Brendon McCullum and coach Mike Hesson working in tandem, he expects New Zealand to put up a fight in their home Cup. “I don’t want to get far ahead of myself, but there is a nice competitive culture that is developing in this team,” he said. Quite like in 1992, when New Zealand reached the semifinals and had an entire nation forgetting all about rugby for a few weeks.
Galvanising a nation
“The success of the Martin Crowe-led side galvanised the entire nation in 1992. The team’s aggressive and unorthodox style of play had lifted the mood of the entire nation,” he reminisces.
When asked about his career, which ended abruptly in 2000, the former left-arm swing bowler said he played at a time (1996-2000) when New Zealand were beginning to assert themselves more on the international arena.
“We won a lot of matches continued…

Axar  Jadeja: 2 lefts  1rightRavindra Jadeja (Center) faces some competition from the young Axar Patel who posses a much consistent line. (Source: PTI)
Written by Devendra Pandey | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:11 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 9:12 am
Rarely if ever in the last few years of international cricket has Ravindra Jadeja found himself in a place where he faces competition in the Indian side. He had edged past another left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha to make the Test side and the Saurashtra left-arm spinner has enjoyed an unchallenged run in all formats as MS Dhoni’s go-to man to rattle opponents. However, looking at the way the past few games against the West Indies and Sri Lanka have gone, Jadeja might find himself fending off some stiff competition before going to the World Cup.
Axar Patel, a spinner relatively unknown to the rest of the world, has been making all the right moves on the international circuit and given his showing in the last few outings, will not be denied the right to throw his hat into the ring in the run-up to the World Cup.
That he is as proficient a fielder as Jadeja and can tick all three boxes as India’s preferred spinning all-rounder, means he will be watched closely ahead of the Australia-New Zealand quadrennial.
Both spinners are in fact quite identical in their bowling style, save from the subtle differences like the way they end their follow-throughs. Axar has a high-arm action which helps him get some bounce off the pitch whereas Jadeja bowls more side-arm. They both bowl at similar speeds but Axar is a tad more consistent sticking to one steady line.
At the Motera Stadium, Virat Kohli picked Jadeja over the injured pacer Varun Aaron. However, it was Axar, who got the first preference to bowl after the pacers finished their opening spells. Axar managed to hit the length ball most times, angling the ball in and leaving batsmen in two minds.
Whiz-kid 
When Tilakarantne Dilshan looked like he would capitalise on the good start including 18 runs from an R Ashwin over, Axar got one to whiz in with the arm as Dilshan attempted to cut it and was clean-bowled. The 20-year-old local boy’s first two balls were bowled a touch back of length but his third was in place where any batsman would walk right into the danger zone in front of the stumps. Dilshan too had gone back but the ball quickly came in to leave his bails floating. His second wicket of Thisara Perera was one that was quick in the air hitting the pads before hitting the stumps. On paper, Axar finished with 2 for 39 but those two wickets were crucial for the Indians.
However, Jadeja, who came in after a few games’ break, was still looking to find the right length. The Lankans tried to sweep most times using his speed to their advantage and though they didn’t charge him, the visiting batsmen looked comfortable using their feet against the Saurashtra 25-year-old. Angelo Mathews swept Jadeja for three back-to-back boundaries.
So even if continued…

After promotion  successAmbati Rayudu's promotion came at a time when India had lost Rahane early on. (Source: PTI)
Written by Devendra Pandey | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:10 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 8:43 am
At 92, Ambati Rayudu marched down the track to Suraj Randiv and cleared the long on fence. But before he could get ready to face the next delivery, Virat Kohli walked up to him, urging him to keep calm. The stand-in India captain knows the importance of a big knock, having had to wait for close to nine months before he got one, his 20th, against the West Indies at Dharamsala last month.
The advice worked, Rayudu put his head down and gently prodded the next ball, the last of the over, back to the bowler. He was ready to wait for his first hundred, having done all the hard work, and when it came, a single to Thisara Perera, the smile said it all.
It took nearly a decade for the boy, who was considered a prodigious talent in junior cricket, to finally find his feet. His career has been marked by twists and turns and some wrong ‘uns, which left him chasing shadows, away from the limelight.
A difficult past
There was the time when he took the odd decision to join the unrecognised Indian Cricket League and then there was also the time when he decided to switch states because he wasn’t getting along with his Hyderabad captain. Those were the times when the ‘wonder boy’ left everyone wondering. For the man everybody looked to carry the torch of Hyderabad cricket and follow in VVS Laxman’s footsteps, Rayudu’s decisions must have looked strange.
But the move to Baroda proved lucky and success followed for the Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League. Runs in the 2010 and 2011 IPL seasons again brought him in the reckoning of the national team. And yet the twists in the tale continued. In England, India captain MS Dhoni refused to give him the strike during the chase in the last over. Rayudu let it pass. He was prepared to wait.
On Thursday, when Ajinkya Rahane had got the thick edge behind chasing a wide ball, Kohli decided to send in Rayudu instead of coming out himself. India were 18 for 1 chasing 275 runs set by Sri Lanka at the Motera Stadium.
Rayudu took his time at the crease and with Shikhar Dhawan going steady at the other end, it allowed him to adjust to the conditions. His first 16 runs came off 30 balls but Rayudu knew that he has it in him to pull it back once he settles down.
Rayudu dropped anchor as Dhawan kept finding the odd boundary in each over. India managed to add 91 runs by the end of 20 overs and that was the time when Dhawan decided to cut loose. He slammed a six and two fours in Perera’s third over.
But just as things looked to be in control, Dhawan went for a slog-sweep only to find Ashan Priyanjan at square leg. Before Dhawan continued…

The trash talkgambitThe image of Anand confabulating with trenchcoated KGB agents over a plate of thayir sadam is certainly evocative.
Written by Jaideep Unudurti | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:07 am
 
Viswanathan Anand and Magnus Carlsen are all set to clash for the World Chess Championship starting Saturday. The return match, held in the Russian resort town of Sochi, will see Anand aiming to wrest back the crown he lost last year in Chennai. Just days earlier, legend Garry Kasparov had hinted darkly that Anand may be in cahoots with Russian intelligence to “destabilise” his protégé, Carlsen. In an interview, he said that the democracy-hating Russkies might nobble the incumbent champion.
The image of Anand confabulating with trenchcoated KGB agents over a plate of thayir sadam is certainly evocative. While it may have sent ripples amongst the more credulous Twitteratti, long-time watchers of the scene know that this is standard operating procedure. Boxing has its storied tradition of “weigh-ins”, where the contestants and their supporters trash talk, if not brawl. Chess championships too have their equivalent, when the two gladiators and their representatives in the run-up to the match fire verbal salvoes at each other.
Kasparov was Carlsen’s coach and still considers himself a mentor to the Norwegian. His statements are part of the put-downs, faint praise and veiled threats that fans have come to accept.
Why is all this so important? Chess is a game of perfect information. You see all your opponent’s pieces on the board, and so does she. The mindgames are an attempt to inject what strategist Clausewitz called the “fog of war”. Each of the duellists wants to insert an element of uncertainty in the enemy’s mind that can paralyse decision-making.
“Lies and hypocrisy do not survive for long on the chessboard. The creative combination lays bare the presumption of a lie, while the merciless fact, culminating in a checkmate, contradicts the hypocrite,” said the great Emanuel Lasker. He was world champ for 27 years and certainly knew what he was talking about. Grandmasters crave this certainty, this attempt to impose order
in a chaotic world, by reducing it to 64 squares. Shake this certainty, and you might just have that extra ammo in a gun battle.
Carlsen is a master at this agenda-setting, this brinkmanship as popularised by Henry Kissinger. Prior to the match in Chennai, he demanded that there should be a sickness clause, which would enable him to take a two-day break whenever he wanted
in the middle of the match. Why? Because of the possibility that his Norwegian constitution may collapse due to eating spicy Indian food. As Anand was an Indian and presumably used to the fare, this clause would expressly not be allowed for him.
Again, in the run-up to Sochi, he refused to sign the contract, agreeing to do only at the last minute after the global chess federation called his bluff and threatened to replace him. Carlsen showed his shrewd understanding of what makes a chess player tick. Grandmasters are used to strict objective rules governing the play. continued…

Before finale  a pit stop inBrazilMercedes Lewis Hamilton would be looking to keep up his winning spree at Interlagos, Brazil. (Source: AP)
By: Agence-France Presse | Sao Paulo | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:05 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 9:37 am
Lewis Hamilton expects another fierce challenge from Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg when the pair resume hostilities at the Brazilian Grand Prix with the season-ending Abu Dhabi double points lottery looming.
Only days after claiming his 10th win of the season at the United States Grand Prix in Texas, Hamilton has pledged to work as hard as possible to triumph again in his bid for a second championship.
But the 2008 champion knows that even if he wins at Interlagos on Sunday, and his German rival fails to finish, he can still miss out on the title if he flops in Abu Dhabi and Rosberg grabs double points with a victory worth 50 points in the final race of the season.
“I feel that I understand the processes that I need and I know what it takes,” said Hamilton as he looked ahead to this weekend’s race.
“There’s no real special recipe or anything like that, I’m just going to work my arse off for these next two races and try to improve.”
In Texas, he admitted that the prospect of losing the title under the double points rule in Abu Dhabi “would suck”. Rosberg, understandably, has said he will accept the glory whatever happens — he just wants to be champion by any means. “It is what it is, I don’t really care,” said Rosberg.“As long as I have one point more at the chequered flag at Abu Dhabi, I don’t care why or how. It’s the same for everybody…
It’s a childhood dream, isn’t it, to be F1 World Champion? It would be very special.” Hamilton won his fifth consecutive race in Austin to open up a 24-point lead ahead of Rosberg.
On paper, it looks as if Hamilton has the measure of Rosberg after dominating the last five races, but the 29-year-old Englishman will have none of that and is ready for another fierce scrap in what may be a wet race this weekend.

Missing Movie Executive s Remains FoundEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Market driver: Fundamentals vs. earnings
Amnesty plan need of hour to bring back black money: Harsh MariwalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

20 may be moved in Modi s mega Cabinet shake-up on SundayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Withdraw Datsun Go from India: Global NCAP to NissanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bhaiya confused ho earlier u said no coal mine.now u are saying coal m...34 Followers
THIS IS AN OLD NEWS: BUT YOU CAN CHECK YOUR SOURCES REGARDING THE PRESENT STATUS.....
//Resurgere Mines & Minerals India Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on August 04, 2011, has finalized to enter into a long term extraction and selling agreement of Iron Ore Mine in Maharashtra at Galel Village, Sindhudurg District, Maharashtra admeasuring 55 hectares and the estimated reserves are 43 million tonnes on an open cast mine.  the Company has informed that, the Company`s reserve of iron ore has gone up to 94.26 million tonnes.  - Further, Company has finalized to enter into a long term extraction and selling agreement of a Coal Mine at Namsang, Nagaland, and the estimated reserves are 1.5 Million Tonnes.  - The Company started operations at the Maharajpur mines in 2005 under long term contract. We have received communication from lease holder dated August 03, 2011 mentioning that compiling with Term of Reference (TOR) received by him from Ministry of Environment & Forest for renewal of Maharajpur mines would not be possible and has asked the Company to stop its mining activities immediately. The Board has discussed & decided to cease its mining operations at Maharajapur mines with immediate effect//
URL:

Last q loss was 5 cr and its down to 3cr during this q  so there is an...Gold Member
24 Followers
last q loss was 5 cr and its down to 3cr during this q, so there is an improvement in bottom line, other good thing which i noticed reduction in long term debt so company is trying to bring down the debt as well interest loss.
if we look in deep we can see depreciation is equal to loss, so company enjoys good cashflow and there is no distress in business, once cv sales picks up things can change for them, till then cut the competition at its best.
In reply to : 523180probe message
1.27 AM Nov 7th

Why this bullishnessCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Siemens pays top price to pursue US dreamSiemens pays top price in pursuit of American dream
By Tony Barber
Dresser-Rand acquisition could help the German conglomerate achieve its goal
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1cf1b80a-488d-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EU and China agree truce on trade spatsEU and China agree truce on trade disputes
By Christian Oliver in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/19b61124-5858-11e4-b331-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Takata sinks as US urges airbag fixOctober 21, 2014 11:02 am
Takata shares plunge after US urges ‘immediate’ airbag fix
Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7435a8ea-5901-11e4-a722-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fake China export invoices make comebackInflated exports cast doubt on Chinese trade outlook
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a23db72-5f2d-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China hits back over cyber hacking claimsOctober 30, 2014 4:59 pm
China hits back at US over cyber hacking claims
Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16f80ca0-6049-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Road test and review: Range Rover SportPrint
Photos by Clint Thomas
Be it their quest for road presence or misfortune of ploughing through awful roads everyday, Indians have many reasons behind their affinity for SUVs.  Now, ask them which SUV would they buy if they had a pot of gold to spend, I’m sure the lion’s share would answer – a Range Rover. What could be the catalyst behind this love affair?  Is it the fact that Range Rovers are an epithet of luxury and high esteem shored up by unbelievable off-roading capability, or it’s the favourite brand of their beloved celebrities? Perhaps it is just the snob value or the strong statement the vehicle makes. Whatever it may be, Range Rovers enjoy a special place in every enthusiast’s heart.
The 2014 Range Rover Sport is the quickest, most agile and most technologically advanced RR ever made. Designed to blend the British marque’s comfort, luxury and off-road capability with a racier and more engaging driving experience, the Range Rover Sport is every car enthusiast’s fantasy.
Design
In essence, the Range Rover Sport is a little Evoque and a big slice off the Range Rover flagship. Until the B pillar, the Sport is akin to the Range Rover, then the roofline tapers down with the sleekness of the Evoque. The face is slimmer and gets winged headlamps with one of the best DRL designs ever. Two-bar mesh grille topped with bold ‘Range Rover’ letters looks imposing and when you combine it with the beefy styling of the bonnet and bumper, the Range Rover Sport certainly has a ‘don’t-mess-with-me’ personality. The smaller tail lamps and sharply raked tailgate are also nods to the youngest car in the line-up, however, the chunkier bumper adds a muscular note to the rear.
Even with the air suspension in the lowest access setting, it’s quite a feat to clamber into the cabin of the Range Rover Sport. The interior is quintessential Range Rover featuring cool British design. As you sit in the captain’s seat, you’re the king of all you survey. The superbly bolstered leather seats contour around your back and put you in the mood to enjoy the incredible capabilities of this car.
You will be astonished to see a simple dashboard layout with bare minimum buttons and controls on vehicle with innumerable functions. The wide centre console that separates the driver from the co-passenger is made of solid metal and lots of wood. It houses large storage compartments and a chilling box. Suspension height setting, hill descent control and Terrain Response system can be controlled using different buttons on the centre console. The large infotainment screen provides access to every function of the vehicle and has a very nice 19-speaker Meridian music system and live television. If I were to mention one downside of the car, that would be the touchscreen interface which looks a bit dated, but perfection is just a firmware upgrade away.
Rear seats too are highly comfortable with dual zone climate control, infotainment system and large panoramic sunroof.  Boot is sizeable, too, and niceties like one touch reading lights and projectors in the side mirrors reflecting the Range Rover logo onto the ground at night impart a feel-good factor few other cars can match.
Although the interiors aren’t as opulent as the full-fat Range Rover, the Sport is definitely a magnificent car and its muscular styling sets it apart from the more rounded competitors.
Performance
At the heart of this beast is either a 5.0-litre V8 supercharged petrol or a 3.0-litre V6 diesel powerplant pulled directly from the JLR family. My tester had the V6 developing 288 bhp of power and 600 Nm of torque.  It’s an engine so sparkling that the vehicle's formidable bulk is catapulted to 100kmph in a matter of 7.2 seconds and the top speed is claimed to be 218kmph. Despite a negligible initial lag, drivability is smooth and refined, thanks to the eight-speed ZF transmission. The way the Sport responds to requests for urge while on the move is more impressive than the 0-100 figures. The gearbox is eager to drop a gear or two in response to an increased throttle angle and also lets the car cruise on highways between 1500-2000rpm. The driver can also request upshift and downshift using steering mounted paddle shifters or the gear stick. The Sport mode holds every gear much longer, making it the choice for more spirited driving. Given the weight and engine size, it’s pretty economical too, consuming an average of 12.5 litres per 100 kilometres.
Ride and Handling
The Range Rover Sport’s all-aluminum body structure has reduced weight, thus increasing agility and safety performance. RSC (Roll Stability Control) and Torque Vectoring along with a procession of electronic assistants help you hold your line and keep composure around corners. The drivetrain runs all wheels fulltime and the clever differentials shift the delivery around to meet traction demands.
Although the car lives up to the ‘Sport’ badge on pavement, this is one vehicle that begs to be taken off-road and, once there, performs immaculately without gripe. All you need to do is just feed in throttle; the rest is taken care by the Terrain Response System and the Torsen-based 4x4 system. The rotary knob on the centre console lets you choose between different settings for mud, gravel, snow, rocks or sand, and the vehicle is brilliant across all terrains I could test. Ground clearance of 213 mm can be electronically raised by 65 mm to a staggering 278 mm for scrape-free off-roading. Moreover, features such as a surround-view camera system and Wading Depth indicator give even greater confidence when taking it off road.
Be it on road or off-road, this SUV maintains the hushed ride typical to Range Rovers and stays pinned to the tarmac like a sedan.
Bottom-line
The Range Rover Sport is a true blue-blooded SUV, driving which makes you feel imperious. With its sheer size and head-turning stance, the Sport is undoubtedly a road ruler. But that’s all just window dressing and what this monster is really about is elegant ruggedness and steroid-soaked adventure.
Brought to India as Completely Built Units (CBU), the Range Rover Sport costs up to INR 2.20 crores (OTR Bangalore). But with its scintillating performance, state-of-the-art interiors, generous amount of kit and go-anywhere, do-anything bona fides, the new Range Rover Sport fully justifies its hefty price tag and makes itself a lustworthy machine.
Pagination

Man Offering Plane Ticket for Woman With Ex-Girlfriend s NameAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Ukraines self-declared republics go to polls© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/25cbb9aa-6299-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mars rover Curiosity finds first mineral match on surfaceUpdated: November 5, 2014 11:38 IST
Mars rover Curiosity finds first mineral match on surface
IANS
AP This artist's rendering provided by NASA shows the Curiosity rover on the surface of Mars.
TOPICS
space programme
Mars rover Curiosity has discovered the first mineral match from the Martian surface. The sample, which was taken from a target called “Confidence Hills”, had more haematite content than any rock or soil sample previously found during the two-year-old mission.
The hole drilled into a mountain yielded the mission’s confirmation of a mineral mapped from orbit, the U.S. space agency said in a statement.
“This connects us with the mineral identifications from orbit which can now help guide our investigations as we climb the slope and test hypotheses derived from the orbital mapping,” said Curiosity project scientist, John Grotzinger from the California Institute of Technology, Pasadena.
“We have reached the part of the crater, where we have the mineralogical information that was important in selection of Gale Crater as the landing site,” said Dr. Ralph Milliken from Brown University.
“We are now on a path where the orbital data can help us predict what minerals we will find and make good choices about where to drill. Analyses like these will help us place rover-scale observations into the broader geologic history of Gale that we see from orbital data,” he added.
The new sample is only partially oxidised and preservation of magnetite and olivine indicates a gradient of oxidation levels.
“That gradient could have provided a chemical energy source for microbes,” Dr. Milliken concluded.

What Not to Do When Discussing Politics at the OfficeAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Gold prices decline to over 3-year low on globalcuesGold futures price falls on global cues
Gold prices plunged by Rs 450 to trade at over three-year low of Rs 25,900 per 10 grams in the national capital today as the dollar’s strength dampened demand for the precious metal.
Besides, low demand from jewellers and retailers who preferred to defer their buying activity on hopes of further dip in prices and diversion of funds towards soaring equity markets, weighed on prices.
Silver followed suit and recorded a steep fall of Rs 900 to Rs 35,050 per kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Bullion traders said a weakening trend in global markets, as the dollar’s strength eroded demand, mainly put pressure on the precious metal.
Further, jewellers and retailers deferring their buying on expectations of further slide in gold prices, dampened sentiments.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 1.90 per cent to USD 1,146.34 an ounce, the lowest since April 2010 and silver plunged 3.4 per cent to USD 15.48 an ounce, the lowest since February 2010.
Meanwhile, gold in futures trading at the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) was trading lower by Rs 530, or over 2 per cent, at Rs 25,433 per 10 grams.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity dropped by Rs 450 each to trade at over three-year low of Rs 25,900 and Rs 25,700 per 10 grams, respectively.
Sovereign also showed some weakness and declined by Rs 100 to Rs 23,600 per piece of eight grams.
Silver ready dropped by Rs 900 to Rs 35,050 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 1,210 to Rs 34,730 per kg.
Silver coins also tumbled by Rs 2,000 to Rs 57,000 for buying and Rs 58,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
TAGS: Bullion Market Gold Price Gold Today Silver Price Silver Today
More from commodities

Washington gridlock cannot get any worseNovember 5, 2014 7:29 am
Washington gridlock cannot get any worse
Jacob Weisberg
Co-operation on some matters may make more sense than obstruction, writes Jacob Weisberg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/202dad30-6453-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fishing for finance in new loan streamsFishing for finance in new loan streams
Patrick Jenkins
Level of non-bank lending in Europe, particularly among small businesses, is rising fast
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/894742b2-64e5-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tech startups pitch to the FTShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Tech startups pitch to the FT
Nov 5, 2014 : At the Dublin Web Summit, startups have gathered at one of the world's biggest tech fairs. Murad Ahmed, European technology correspondent, gathers a selection of elevator pitches.

At the Dublin Web Summit  our European tech correspondent Murad Ahmed gets the hard sellShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Tech startups pitch to the FT
Nov 5, 2014 : At the Dublin Web Summit, startups have gathered at one of the world's biggest tech fairs. Murad Ahmed, European technology correspondent, gathers a selection of elevator pitches.

A Swift reply to Spotifys siren songA Swift reply to Spotify’s siren song
John Gapper
The streaming service badly wants the singer back, but this could perhaps be her reply
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0534b878-6432-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Streaming service badly wants the singer back  but according to lyricist John Gapper  this could be her reply ...A Swift reply to Spotify’s siren song
John Gapper
The streaming service badly wants the singer back, but this could perhaps be her reply
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0534b878-6432-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The paradoxes of the Branson empire© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/4d4fb05e-64cd-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Taiwan resolves to resist Chinas embraceTaiwan resolves to resist China’s embrace
David Pilling
Hong Kong is a cautionary tale for Taipei: this is what happens if you get too close to Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9652d026-6412-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rajoy must go if Spain is to solve threatsNovember 5, 2014 5:39 pm
Rajoy must go if Spain is to confront the threats it faces
Luis Garicano
Solving the political problems is impossible while the prime minister remains, says Luis Garicano
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2362e6a-64e5-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Datawatch: turnout in congressional electionsAbout this blog
Blog guide
Welcome. FT data is a collaborative effort from journalists across the FT working in data journalism, statistics and data visualisation.
We aim to look at statistical issues in depth and provide original analysis of data. Occasionally we’ll also post guest contributions. Get in touch at ftdata@ft.com

Obama suffers GOP shellackingShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Obama suffers shellacking
Nov 5, 2014 : The FT's Washington bureau chief Richard McGregor says the immediate questions are whether US president Barack Obama will alter his approach with Congress, and how Congress handles this new power.
Credits: Produced by Christopher Booker. Additional footage from Reuters.

IAEA report to highlight slow progress in Iran n-probeIran
A U.N. watchdog report this week is expected to show little progress in an investigation into suspected nuclear weapons research by Iran, diplomats said on Wednesday, a potential sticking point in six world powers’ diplomacy with Tehran.
The quarterly report by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) on Iran’s nuclear programme, due on Thursday or Friday, is likely to say that Iran has still not provided information that it was supposed to do more than two months ago.
The confidential document will be issued to IAEA member states less than three weeks before a self-imposed November 24 deadline for Iran and P5+1 — U.S., France, Russia, U.K., China and Germany — to end a decade-old standoff over the Islamic Republic’s atomic activities.
While the six want Iran to scale back its uranium enrichment programme — and thereby lengthen the timeline for any covert bid to assemble nuclear arms — the IAEA is investigating allegations of past research on how to make the bomb itself.

Sachin Tendulkar autobiographyWay-Autobiography/...    Cached
The autobiography of the highest scoring batsman of all time. About the Author Born in Mumbai, Sachin Tendulkar made his Test debut in Pakistan at the age of 16 in ...

Flipkart 32 Lakh bookpulls-ad-for-rs-32...    Cached
This might not be the most expensive book ever, but Antonia Cyn's "Foretold" costs quite a packet, at least in Flipkart. The price - a little over Rs 32 lakh.
www.flipkart.com    Cached
Flipkart.com - Online Shopping of Books, Mobile Phones, Digital Cameras, Laptops, Watches, Clothing & Other Products at Best Price in India.

Swastika Mukherjee shopliftingmukherjee...news-18181.html    Cached
New Delhi: She is yet to mark her debut in Bollywood with 'Byomkesh Bakshi' but actress Swastika Mukherjee is already getting publicity and that too for all wrong ...

The Connected Business: End the jargon barrierTime to end the jargon barrier
Maija Palmer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fde276d8-643f-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

beyondbrics: Big dreams of India-Africa tradeSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Business blog: The expat dilemmaAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact andrew.hill@ft.com or john.gapper@ft.com about the Business blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
John Gapper is an associate editor and the chief business commentator of the FT.  He has worked for the FT since 1987, covering labour relations, banking and the media. He is co-author, with Nicholas Denton, of 'All That Glitters', an account of the collapse of Barings in 1995.
Andrew Hill is an associate editor and the management editor of the FT. He is a former City editor, financial editor, comment and analysis editor, New York bureau chief, foreign news editor and correspondent in Brussels and Milan.
Emma Jacobs is a features writer for the FT, with a particular focus on Business Life. She explores workplace trends, business culture and entrepreneurship and is one of the paper's leading interviewers.
Adam Jones is editor of Business Life, home to the FT's coverage of management, entrepreneurship and working life.
Lucy Kellaway is an Associate Editor and management columnist of the FT. For the past 15 years her weekly Monday column has poked fun at management fads and jargon and celebrated the ups and downs of office life.
Ravi Mattu is the deputy editor of the FT Weekend Magazine and a former editor of Business Life. He writes about management, technology, entrepreneurship and
innovation.
Michael Skapinker is an assistant editor and editor of the FT’s special reports. A former management editor of the FT, his column on Business and Society appears every Thursday.
Latest columns by John and Andrew

WireLurker virus hits iPhones and iPads‘WireLurker’ virus hits iPhones and iPads
Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b97e08ee-6553-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tech groups step up encryption after SnowdenTech companies step up encryption in wake of Snowden
Hannah Kuchler
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3c1553a6-6429-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Problem of central bank haves and have-notsLast updated: November 6, 2014 8:41 am
Fed has built a thorny central bank divide
Ousmène Mandeng
Lack of access to Fed’s dollar liquidity will result in further volatility
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b46b9ac8-5ea6-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

After senate drubbing  Obama says ready to work with Republicans;  could bypass Congress on some issuesPrint
Republicans will quickly introduce stand-alone legislation in the first quarter of 2015 that would approve the Keystone XL crude oil pipeline from Canada, testing President Barack Obama's resolve on the project.
By: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:21 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 1:43 pm
A day after a poll drubbing, US President Barack Obama struck a defiant tone saying he is ready to work with Republicans but could bypass Congress on issues like immigration reforms that would allow 11 million illegal immigrants, including 2.4 lakh Indians, to stay in the country.
Exuding full confidence in the future of America, Obama in his 90-minute speech said, “We have all the best cards relative to every other country on Earth.” “I am really optimistic about America. I know that runs counter to the current mood, but when you look at the facts, our economy is stronger than just about anybody’s,” he said.
Tuesday’s appearance represents the Obama administration’s latest attempt to show that it can use the criminal court system to deal with terror suspects.
“The United States continues to be a magnet for the best and brightest from all around the world. My job over the next couple of years is to do some practical, concrete things – as much as possible with Congress; where it’s not possible with Congress, on my own – to show people why we should be confident, and to give people a sense of progress and a sense of hope,” Obama said.
The US leader stopped short of accepting direct responsibility for his Democratic party’s defeat at the hands of Republicans who snatched control of the Senate, tightened its grip on the House of Representatives and won key Democrat governorships. Obama said the US has made real progress since he took over.
“The fact is more Americans are working; unemployment has come down. More Americans have health insurance. Manufacturing has grown. Our deficits have shrunk. Our dependence on foreign oil is down, as are gas prices,” he said. Obama said he is ready to work with the Republican Party, which now controls the Congress, to advance the national agenda.
“I’m eager to work with the new Congress to make the next two years as productive as possible. I’m committed to making sure that I measure ideas not by whether they are from Democrats or Republicans, but whether they work for the American people,” he said.
“Congress will pass some bills I cannot sign. I’m pretty sure I’ll take some actions that some in Congress will not like,” he said. But, in the absence of a strong legislative base for the remaining two years of his presidency, Obama said he would press continued…

Financial Tech to divest stake in IEX for Rs 576 crFinancial Tech to divest stake in IEX for Rs 576 cr
R Yegya Narayanan
Tweet
Coimbatore, Nov 6:  
Financial Technologies (India) Ltd is offloading its 25.64 per cent equity stake in Indian Energy Exchange Ltd (IEX) to a group of investors for a cumulative value of Rs 576.84 crore.
With the completion of the stake sale, FTIL would completely exit from IEX, which provides a power trading platform.
In its filings with the stock exchanges, FTIL said it had on November 5 entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (SPA) with TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1, S. Gopalkrishnan, Lakshmi Narayanan, Rajeev Gupta, Dalmia Cement Bharat Power Ventures Ltd, Kiran Vyapar Ltd, TVS Capital Funds Ltd and Agri Power and Engineering Solutions Pvt Ltd to sell 25.64 per cent equity share on a fully diluted basis in IEX for a total consideration of Rs 576.84 crore.
The company said the transaction was subject to fulfilment of certain condition precedents including buyout of the application software and other technology for its own use only by IEX and regulatory approvals, if any. Under the SPA, the transaction would close within 30 days unless all parties extended it. After the transaction was completed, FTIL would have completely exited IEX, the statement said.
According to the IEX Web site, it offered a “transparent, neutral, demutualised and automated platform” for physical delivery of electricity. The exchange also facilitated “efficient price discovery and price risk management” for those who took part in the electricity market, that included industries which were eligible for open access.
IEX said nearly 3,000 participants from 29 States, 5 Union Territories (UTs), more than 800 private generators (both commercial and renewable energy), and over 2,800 open access consumers benefited by participating in the exchange.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

South Korean won slides to 14-month low© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/82374080-6576-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Huawei Honor 6: A little mix of everythingEditorial: Much Ado
When a premium phone sells 10,000 units on an e-commerce website in just 48 hours of it being launched, and when it generates sales faster than any of its predecessors in India, it is either special, overrated or simply economical. But then the Huawei Honor 6, before its Indian debut, had sold over 2.5 million units in just three months in China! So its success in India was largely expected. But is the Honor 6 that unique a phone?
First, the looks. From the front it does look like the older iPhone models (minus the iPhone’s Home button). But have a closer look and you will realise Huawei has paid a lot of attention to minor detailing. The peacock inspired back cover—with a 3D rhomboidal diamond-style texture—looks fresh, and rounded corners ensure that the phone fits comfortably in the palm of your hand. While the Honor 6 is thin, but Huawei says that special purpose composite materials, forged with six-layer high-tech complex technology, ensure that it is not frail. (So it won’t bend in your pocket!). Overall, its build quality is satisfactory and the Honor 6 feels solid in hands.
The Honor 6 gets a large 12.7-cm (five-inch) HD touchscreen—in fact, the screen-to-body ratio is a high 75.7%. This ensures that you get a vivid display. Further, the screen is a scratch-resistant Corning Gorilla Glass 3. And while Huawei claims that the Honor 6 gets a fingerprint-resistant coating, on sustained usage we found that fingerprints do show up on the screen. The display is bright enough and the screen is clear even under the sun.
The Honor 6 is powered with the 1.7 GHz Octa-Core processor, and the addition of 3 GB RAM enhances the processing speed and 16 GB ROM gives sufficient files storage capacity. The phone also gets a micro-SD card holding up to 64 GB. All this ensures that the phone doesn’t heat up even under the most demanding usage, and we didn’t encounter any lags whatsoever even while using multiple apps. Further, the addition of the Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system enhances the user experience.
A 13-megapixel rear camera with a dual LED flashlight throws up really nice images; however, photography under low-light conditions still leaves much to be desired. No, the photos aren’t bad per se, it’s just that some smartphones with a similar-specification camera do produce better images even in low-light conditions. Mention must be made of the all focus mode —shoot before focusing and afterwards simply touch the screen to adjust. The front 5-megapixel camera is surprisingly good—use it for selfies or video calling, and the results are commendable.
One of the best things about the Honor 6 is its battery life. In fact, Huawei claims a minimum battery life of 2.7 days for regular use and 1.2 days for heavy use. At 3100 mAh, the battery is better rated than that of either the Samsung Galaxy S5 or the HTC One M8. The Honor 6 easily lasts up to two days in normal usage conditions, and even if you use 3G extensively, the battery will last more than a day.
So, is the Huawei Honor 6 special, overrated or simply economical? We have reasons to believe that it is a right mix of design, performance and battery life, but the best thing about the Honor 6 is its price. Currently retailing for R19,999 on Flipkart, the Honor 6 is one of the best value-for-money smartphones you will find in the Indian market today, especially considering the fact that its specifications match those of the Samsung Galaxy S5, HTC One M8 and the Sony Xperia Z2—all of which cost upwards of R30,000.
Estimated street price: Rs 19,999

CWC bets big with $3bn acquisitionCable & Wireless Communications in big bet with $3bn acquisition
Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/de002b6c-6589-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vietnam launches bond market returnAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Siemens battles to close gap with rivalsSiemens battles to close profitability gap as revenues stagnate
Chris Bryant in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/31bf271a-6582-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Korean won shrugs off rate cut with rallySouth Korea won shrugs off rate cut with rally
By Thomas Hale in London and Patrick McGee in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c74c77b0-23b5-11e4-be13-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Beijing is slowly relaxing its grip on capital controlsThe renminbi’s place in the FX world
Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51e2a5d2-59f0-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Beijings challenge to the world of Bretton WoodsBeijing’s challenge to the world of Bretton Woods
Poor governance may erode the impact of China’s financial firepower
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db2dcaf8-6042-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Australia asylum policy divides opinionAustralia’s ‘stop the boats’ asylum policy divides opinion
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/82225b4c-6563-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tamil boat people to land in AustraliaTamil boat people to land on Australian shores
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ffe1519a-13ca-11e4-8485-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US strike hits Syrian rebel compound  say activistsPrint
In this photo taken Monday, Oct. 13, 2014, an aircraft launches from the flight deck of the USS George H.W. Bush in the Persian Gulf. Bolstered by intensified U.S.-led coalition airstrikes targeting militants from the Islamic State group, Kurdish militiamen fought pitched street battles Wednesday with the extremists in a Syrian Kurdish border town near Turkey, making small advances, activists and officials said. (Source: AP Photo/U.S. Navy)
By: Associated Press | Beirut | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:48 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 3:33 pm
U.S. airstrikes hit the compound of a powerful hard-line rebel group that is not affiliated to the Islamic State extremist organization early Thursday, activists said, in an apparent widening of targets that could further strain relations between Washington and the Western-backed opposition.
The Syrian rebels have complained that the aerial campaign against the extremist group is indirectly aiding President Bashar Assad’s forces, and have been infuriated by the U.S. willingness to attack other Islamic militant groups that the rebels view as allies while refraining from targeting the government.
In this photo taken Monday, Oct. 13, 2014, seaman Kelsea Webb, from Danville, Illinois, stands a lookout watch aboard the USS George H.W. Bush in the Persian Gulf. Bolstered by intensified U.S.-led coalition airstrikes targeting militants from the Islamic State group, Kurdish militiamen fought pitched street battles Wednesday, Oct. 15, with the extremists in a Syrian Kurdish border town near Turkey, making small advances, activists and officials said. (Source: AP Photo/U.S. Navy)
At least one strike hit a compound belonging to Ahrar al-Sham in the town of Babsalqa in the northwestern province of Idlib, according to local activist Ahmad Kaddour and the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Ahrar al-Sham is a rebel group that follows an extremely conservative interpretation of Islam.
One of its founders was a senior al-Qaida operative known as Abu Khaled al-Souri. The group is not affiliated with the global terror network, although it has close relations with the Nusra Front, al-Qaida’s Syrian branch.
Ahrar al-Sham is part of the Islamic Front, an alliance of seven powerful conservative and ultraconservative rebel groups that merged in November last year. The Islamic Front wants to create an Islamic continued…

Column: Modis window of opportunityEditorial: Good medicine
When the BJP was promising “acche din” under the leadership of Narendra Modi during its election campaign, the focus was on good governance, controlling corruption and taming food prices. Nobody at that time could have guessed how domestic food inflation could have been tackled within 100 days. RBI had been trying tight monetary policy, while finance ministry had been promising tight fiscal policy. The ministry of consumer affairs, food and public distribution had been raiding “hoarders” of onions and potatoes. It only gave the indication that the government is serious to tame prices, and the only success it achieved in the first 100 days was that the situation did not get worse.
But come September-October, and much of the talk on high food inflation is disappearing. That is a big respite to the government. But what caused this? Was it tight monetary and fiscal policies, or raids? Maybe only partially. An important factor behind falling food prices is the major drop in global commodity prices—between May and October 2014, global wheat prices dropped by 27%; corn prices by 25%; palm oil by 19%; soya oil by 14%; cotton by 24%; and Brent crude by more than 20%.
This a great news for consumers the world over, including in India. But what made these prices fall so abruptly? The global corn production had two successive bumper crops in 2013-14 (988 mmt) and 2014-15 (991 mmt), up from 869 mmt in 2012-13, with ending stocks rising by almost 40% in two years. Similarly, wheat crop is up by 9% compared to 2012-13, with ending stocks rising by a little more than 10%. Almost similar story is there behind other commodity prices that are tumbling, be it crude oil, cotton, or palm or soya oils. The notable exception, however, is rice. Rice production has not increased much while its global stocks are declining by 5%, putting an upward pressure on its prices.
One thing is now clear: India is not insulated from the developments in the global commodity markets, and sooner or later, through direct or indirect routes, domestic prices are aligning with their global counterparts. Food inflation is likely to be under check for some time, thanks to global factors.
But what happens to the producers? The producers are clamouring for government intervention and compensation, having experienced bullish trends during 2007-08 to 2013-14. Governments around the world are facing these demands, and India will also face so as its exports of corn and wheat are no more viable, creating a glut in domestic markets. Having lost the opportunity of exporting 10-15 mmt of wheat at a price of $300 pmt or so during January to March 2014, no one is to be blamed but the government itself. And now they will have to carry the stocks for two years. The lesson: government decisions have to be fast and the bureaucracy needs to move faster. Markets will not wait for them forever.
Large-scale intervention is not justified as market prices are still hovering around MSP levels, and the government should let the markets find an equilibrium.
Falling wheat and corn prices indicate lower export earnings in the current year but it would also save on the import bill of edible oils and crude oils. On the net, India may not be a loser.
This situation will test whether the government can bring in market orientation to the agriculture markets of the country. The government could freeze the MSP at the current levels for most of the crops and let the market forces determine the interplay in the market. One should not forget the advantage of lower production costs being delivered to the farmers in the wake of falling diesel prices. In fact, lower diesel prices will reinforce the current trend of mechanisation and will also help in raising productivity.
It is time to take major policy changes in food and agriculture space: pruning the MSP regime as well as moving towards cash transfers for the consumers. Lower market prices give this window of opportunity for a year or so. As diesel prices were deregulated when diesel prices fell, so should be the restructuring of MSP regime and consumer food subsidy schemes. As they say, iron is hot, strike it, and get agriculture and food sector moving towards efficiency and growth path, in line with the markets.
By Ashok Gulati & Shweta Saini
Gulati is Infosys Chair Professor for Agriculture and Saini is a consultant at ICRIER
TAGS: Food Inflation Food Prices Narendra Modi RBI Monetary Policy
More from economy

Column: States distorting maize marketGold futures price falls on global cues
At a time when the food ministry is attempting lesser procurement of grains, liquidating excess stocks of FCI/central pool, and reviewing food policies at macro level to restructure FCI, some state governments—Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh—are doing exactly the opposite. Although FCI has stayed away from MSP-based procurement in maize, these states have undertaken intervention operation at their own initiative. In addition to incurring huge losses by trading in maize, they are destabilising both exports and domestic market.
From October 2013 to September 2014, these states purchased about 1.18 million tonnes of food-grade maize at an MSP of R13,100 pmt to support sagging market values of R10,000-11,000 pmt. The MSP of maize is decided nominally and state governments are under no compulsion to intervene arbitrarily without assessing macroeconomic environment and market trends. Their claim for this discretion is that this benefits farmers. When maize values are plunging to bottom domestically and internationally with little hope of upward trend, socialism of price policies is an anachronism devoid of accountability.
Click here for graph
Over the last four years Indian maize output has moved up from 18-19 million tonnes to about 23 million tonnes. This has enabled India’s export to the Far East and Africa of about 3-4 million tonnes per annum, but in 2014-15, it may drop by 50%. Indian maize, currently quoted at $200 ‘fob’ pmt (R12,200), has no takers, while MSP-based costing (R13,100 pmt) would be $250 fob. Under current scenario, Argentine maize is priced at $210 delivered (cif) in Asia. Indian grain can be traded at $190 cif in Asia ($20 discount to Argentina) or $165 fob or about R10,000 pmt delivered at port. If state governments continue to artificially push prices up, export demand will diminish and this will drag local prices further down. That may affect sowing in rabi crop of maize produced in Bihar.
Farmers are not poor
Let it be understood that Indian farmers are not as poor as deemed in 1966-67 when the MSP policy prescription was initiated. Farmers are growing 2-4 crops in a year including oilseeds, pulses and vegetables. Thus, they are not dependent solely on one season’s earnings. Rice and wheat take about 120 days each for maturity; pulses 60-75 days; sugarcane can grow for three consecutive years without fresh plantings. Latest technologies of seeds, hybrid varieties, Bt cotton, etc, and inputs—water, power, irrigation, fertilisers, pesticides provided at subsidised rates—have enhanced yields per hectare. Higher output at even lower prices is also remunerative.
Since 2002, India has become the world’s largest manufacturer of tractors with 29% of world’s output in 2013. It is also the world’s largest tractor market (goo.gl/c8L7cE). Acquisition/usage of tractors can be exploited by producers with reasonable income. Farmers are also owners of land—an asset class—with tax-free earnings. India has graduated from a poor country to an emerging economy. Poverty-mania for farmers is not valid any more. Disparity in incomes in all sections of society exists anyway.
Visible losses
A back-of-the-envelope calculation reveals that state governments spent about R16 per kg (including taxes, bags, financing) against an MSP of R13.10 per kg, while average price realisation by disposal of part tonnage of 0.5 million tonnes is R10-11 per kg. Almost 0.6 million tonnes remain unsold as of October 1 whose quality may be doubtful and may be sold at lower prices. The total loss may range close to R550-600 crore or 30% of acquisition costs. Unconfirmed reports of Madhya Pradesh having sold the entire 85,000 tonnes at R1 per kg under some subsidy scheme to the poor are also circulating amongst traders.
There is a possibility of round tripping of the maize bought at R10-11 per kg and sold back to these very states at R13.10 per kg in this season (2014-15). These state governments procure food-grade maize but poor handling and storage transforms it to feed-grade where realisation is bound to drop dramatically. It is well acknowledged that 50-60% of Indian maize is used for cattle feed (for livestock) with higher levels of foreign matter and allowance for fungus. All exports are also of feed variety. Buying as food-grade and selling at feed-grade prices is another contradiction in interventionist policy.
The very idea of attaining higher production is to minimise per unit cost of any commodity. Benefits of elevated output are annulled, if blind intervention is applied at MSP. Had the government stayed away, the possibility of export could have improved and the industrial/feed use grain consumption would have been at the market price.
Maize needs no MSP
The very concept of continuation of MSP prescription in preference to the market-based price discovery in current context of rising agri-output and trade getting integrated with world markets is debatable. In any case, maize/coarse grains with predominant feed application should be excluded out of MSP policy because this starchy item, which readily sucks moisture (and rapidly promotes fungus), cannot be handled by FCI/state agencies in appropriate quality format.
The DGFT notification of September 29, 2014, has ‘freely’ allowed import of maize. Landed (cif) import price of non-GMO corn from Russia/Ukraine in India will not exceed $200 pmt or R12,200 pmt against R13,100 pmt ($215). The probability of international values dipping down in the coming months is not ruled out. The pressure to import will escalate. There would be a dilemma to regulate imports by ad hoc customs duty. The best alternative is to shun intervention and let local market discover its own prices on arm’s length basis.
The author is a grains trade expert
TAGS: FCI Food Ministry Food Policies Maize Market
More from commodities

Editorial: Good calls  bad callsEditorial: Good medicine
Nothing symbolises India’s amazing potential, and its equally large ups and downs, than the private telecom industry which is just completing its 20th year. From a time when, at R32 a minute, mobile telephones were only for the well-heeled, India now has the lowest tariffs in the world and more than 900 million subscribers. Hardly surprising then that, despite a wholly unfair tax demand of R20,000 crore, Vodafone is still interested in investing in India. But India didn’t just develop a vibrant telecom sector, it took a lot of fighting, and despite the view that governments are never a positive influence, private telecom couldn’t have taken off without both enlightened regulators and pragmatic government policy—there was bad policy like A Raja’s 2008 licensing and bad regulation which allowed back-door entry to select players in 2002, but there was a lot of good as well.
The back-door entry for Reliance and Tata mobile phones in 2002 was undoubtedly a big setback to the industry, but it wouldn’t even have got there had the regulator not come up with, and enforced, a transparent policy of telecom interconnection. In the mid-1990s, the fortunate few who had phones were subscribers of either MTNL or BSNL. Had these two telcos not been forced to allow private telco customers to connect to their networks, no one would have bought a Bharti Airtel or an Essar phone—to put this in perspective, a decade after the Electricity Act mandated it, open access is still not a reality. Even this, however, was not enough to save the sector and with 3-4 years, telcos were defaulting on licence fee payments. At this point, the government could have simply cancelled their licences, and with the companies going to court—they alleged the government had not lived up to its side of the bargain—the sector would have got locked up in disputes for a few decades. Under Atal Bihari Vajpayee as prime minister, and Sushma Swaraj as telecom minister, a compromise solution called NTP 1999 was hammered out; telcos moved to a more rational revenue-sharing, withdrew all their cases after everyone in the industry had signed on—this was critical—and, most important, the licensed duopoly was broken up forever, paving the way for today’s hyper-competition and 60 paise tariffs. This is a critical learning at a time when large parts of the infrastructure sector finds itself either unviable or locked in dispute, and the government finds itself hamstrung by possible allegations of crony capitalism.
Since even well-intentioned governments and regulators will probably take as many bad decisions as they will take good ones, an important telecom learning is that companies must fight them with full vigour, no matter how distasteful that appears. The Calling Party Pays decision that decisively changed the industry’s fortunes in 2002—that’s when telecom subscribers began to soar—took place only in response to a bitter court battle after the regulator and government played favourites in 2002. The Raja licences were cancelled only after the courts intervened, and the UPA high-handedness in 3G was halted by the court—sadly, this has been challenged by the NDA government. With the telecom regulator saying the next round of auctions can’t be fair or equitable without more spectrum, perhaps telcos will use this to appeal in court if the auctions go forward without any changes in spectrum availability? Watch this space!
TAGS: Bharti Airtel Private Telecom Industry Reliance Vodafone
More from economy

Editorial: Towards a new farm dealEditorial: Good medicine
With global farm prices collapsing in every crop from wheat to sugar, about a fifth in just the last six months—India is on the cusp of a new farm deal, should Prime Minister Narendra Modi wish to make that happen. Apart from it being just a matter of time before Indian food inflation falls further, there are other implications. With global prices collapsing, India’s potential to export wheat, for instance, has been badly hit; the flip-side is that import costs of edible oils will also fall significantly—on balance, India’s farm trade surplus will probably fall by $4-5 billion. Since global prices are near MSP levels in various crops like wheat, this means the government will have to keep MSP hikes to the minimum—in any case, hikes in the last two seasons have been around 4% versus a 97% hike in wheat MSP in FY06-12 and around 90% for rice. What this also means is that government policies have to be really quick to take advantage of the global conditions—India missed the opportunity to sell 10-15 million tonnes of wheat from FCI’s overflowing stocks till even a few months ago when prices were ruling at $320-330 per tonne as compared to $245 today; apart from the loss, this wheat will have to be carried by FCI for another year or two.
In the case of sugar, as today’s front page story suggests, the government needs to completely re-engineer the policy—move to Rangarajan’s formula—and also perhaps face farmer unrest as prices are way below what farmers have got used to. Indeed, given how prices are projected to remain low for most crops for the next year or so, this is the best time to scale up an income transfer policy. That is, give farmers cash support and encourage them to move to crops that are more appropriate—fruits and vegetables in some cases; it could also mean moving rice and wheat away from Punjab and Haryana to eastern states which have more water available. Indeed, this is also the best time to increase the use of cash transfers in place of physical supplies of PDS wheat and rice—with market prices softening, customers will feel the pain less. The government took the opportunity in diesel, the question is whether it will do the same in agriculture.
TAGS: Farm Prices Food Inflation Narendra Modi
More from economy

Employee SatisfactionEditorial: Much Ado
This week, the LinkedIn 2014 ranking of the 100 most-in-demand employers was released. The professional networking site based its ranking by looking at how many people viewed employees’ profiles and how many users followed the company’s Company or Career pages within the last year. Google, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook and Amazon dominated the top ten, and this raises the question of how technology companies manage to keep employees happy and productive. Employee opinions reflect basic measures, such as pay, perks, benefits and hours worked, but they are also influenced by intangibles like a company’s culture, internal politics and general mood. Tech companies are the most flexible about working hours, hierarchy, informality and office culture. They also offer generous perks, but that is largely seen as secondary to the culture they promote.
One key reason why Google, Apple and the rest offer such generous perks and work conditions are that they are market leaders who make a lot of money. This gives them the luxury of worrying about the best way to give employees more instead of the ideal manner in which to lay them off. All of them offer outdoor sport facilities, gyms, free food, free laundry services and perks that go beyond normal. At Google, if an employee dies on the job, his spouse or ‘domestic partner’ receives 50% of the deceased’s salary, no matter how long or short his tenure, for the next decade. Google calls its HR department ‘People Operations’. That says it all.

India says power targets will cost $250bnIndia targets renewables in $250bn power plan
Victor Mallet and Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/36b37c48-657e-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bomb blast aboard Egyptian train kills 4Print
Forensic technicians collect evidence at the site of a strong blast in a busy district of central Cairo, Egypt, early Wednesday Oct. 15, 2014. Egypt's official news agency quoted a senior security official as saying that the explosion was caused by a home-made bomb placed in the vicinity of a court house and near a subway station. A health minister official said that the blast caused no deaths and that a number of people were injured. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Cairo | Posted: November 6, 2014 3:33 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 3:55 pm
Egyptian security officials say a bomb blast aboard a train traveling in the Nile Delta north of Cairo has killed four people and wounded nine.
They say the blast took place shortly before midnight on Wednesday and that the four killed included two policemen.
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media.
No one immediately claimed responsibility for planting the bomb, but the attack bore the hallmarks of Islamic militants fighting the government of President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, a general-turned-politician who took office in June, nearly a year after he led the military ouster of Islamist President Mohammed Morsi.

GlaxoSmithKline Pharma Q3 Net up 27% at Rs 128.67 croreEditorial: Much Ado
GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals today reported 27.45 per cent rise in its standalone net profit at Rs 128.67 crore for the third quarter ended September.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 100.95 crore for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals said in a filing to the BSE.
Standalone total income from operations also rose to Rs 746.76 crore for the quarter under consideration from Rs 626.65 crore for the same period year-ago, it added.
The company follows January-December financial year.
Established in 1924 in India, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals’ product portfolio includes prescription medicines and vaccines.
The company’s prescription medicines range across therapeutic areas such as anti-infectives, dermatology, gynaecology, diabetes, oncology, cardiovascular disease and respiratory diseases.

Ahead of his visit  China paper calls Obama a banal leader  says he s doing an insipid jobChina's state-run media decried Barack Obama as a banal leader who has done an "insipid job".
By: Agence-France Presse | Beijing | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:46 am
China’s state-run media today decried Barack Obama as a banal leader who has done an “insipid job”, days ahead of a visit by the US president.
The editorial in the Global Times, which has close ties to China’s ruling Communist Party, came as US election results showed the Republicans poised to take control of the US Senate away from Obama’s Democrats.
“Obama always utters ‘Yes, we can,’ which led to the high expectations people had for him,” the Global Times wrote, referring to Obama’s 2008 campaign-trail mantra.
“But he has done an insipid job, offering nearly nothing to his supporters.”
“US society has grown tired of his banality,” it added.
Although the US economy has improved gradually since the 2008 recession, the national mood is far from buoyant, with a CNN exit poll yesterday showing 54 per cent of voters disapproved of how Obama was handling his job.
The US president will be in China from November 10 to 12 for a two-day Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit, followed by a state visit.
The Global Times took aim at his foreign policy, arguing that Obama took “US troops out of Iraq and Afghanistan, but left no peace”.
“Osama bin Laden was killed during his tenure, but the (Islamic State) has emerged from the Middle East,” it wrote.
The paper noted the “many thorny problems” Obama has encountered during his six years in office, including the “limited tolerance and acceptance” he has received as the first African-American president.
It also observed that his tenure came “in the midst of a time when partisan politics is becoming more extreme”.
Obama’s “best performance is empty rhetoric”, the paper said, and suggested that Western political systems were fundamentally flawed.
“Bush, who dared to do everything, and Obama, who dares to do nothing, come from different parties but have the same destiny,” the paper wrote. “Is this their problem or the problem of the US system?”
“With China’s rise, we gradually have the ability to have a clear understanding of the US,” the paper concluded. “The country is too lazy to reform.”

16 photos that haven t been photoshopped16 Photos That Aren’t What They Seem
by BuzzFeed 1:17 mins
Hold on to your screen. Based on this post.
Link

Piyush Goyal promises to double coal  power output in five yearsNarendra Modi, Vladimir Putin to hold talks on setting up 2 new units at Kudankulam plant
The Modi government will double the country’s coal and power output in five years by encouraging private sector mining, ensuring fuel supplies to power producers and enabling them utilise their full capacity, power and coal minister Piyush Goyal said here.
Talking at the World Economic Forum summit here, the minister said he has set a target of making the country power surplus by 2019 although by that time, power demand might have also been doubled to 2 trillion units. This would offer investors a $250 billion investment opportunity, he said.
One of the means to achieve this output growth is by doubling coal production to a billion tonnes in five years from 500 million tonnes now.
Goyal said 5.3 crore homes in the country were not yet electrified and that many factories were operating on diesel power units, addressing which is a priority for the government.
The government will therefore take steps to increase power plants’ access to fuel supplies and improve their capacity utilization. Improving the electricity mix with greater focus on renewable energy sources is also on the agenda, he said.
“This government is sincere in giving power to all and this government will protect investments as we go forward,” he said.
The Minister said the e-auction of coal blocks announced recently through an ordinance would encourage private sector participation in the coal sector.
Goyal said that he has set a target of 100 gigawatts of solar power generation by 2022, multiplying the UPA government’s target fivefold. The minister appeared cautious on nuclear power saying that the US and many European countries have discontinued installation of nuclear plants.
“This government would like to be cautious that we are not being saddled with something only under the garb of clean energy or alternate energy; something which the West has discarded and is sought to be brought to India.”
The Minister stated that efforts were on to improve the bankability of projects in the power sector. The Minister stated that the government was planning to invest US$ 250 billion in the power sector over the next five years.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley World Economic Forum Piyush Goyal
More from economy

Lenovo shares hit as revenues disappointLenovo shares fall after lower than expected revenue growth
Charles Clover
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3eb22ff4-65a9-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NCAP to Nissan: Withdraw Datsun GO from IndiaGlobal NCAP asks Nissan Motors to withdraw Datsun GO from India
By Chanchal Pal Chauhan , ET Bureau | 7 Nov, 2014, 02.04AM IST
Datsun GO, launched last year in India, failed crash test results recently conducted by Global NCAP. It had failed on critical safety count.
()
ETAuto Poll: Should India have mandatory safety & vehicle crash test?
"It is extremely disappointing that Nissan has authorised the launch of a brand new model that is so clearly sub-standard. As presently engineered, the car will certainly fail to pass the United Nations frontal impact regulation," the Global New Car Assessment Programme (Global NCAP) said in a letter to Nissan CEO Carlos Ghosn, a copy of which is with ET.
"In these circumstances, I would urge you to withdraw the Datsun Go from sale in India (and any other markets where it is being sold), pending a redesign of the car's body-shell to make it worthwhile to fit airbags," Global NCAP chairman Max Mosley told Ghosn, who recently took over as President of the European Car Manufacturers Association.
Nissan strongly defended its product. "Datsun Go meets the required local vehicle regulations in India. Datsun Go was developed with a strong intention to deliver the best adapted solutions to the local conditions, from best-in-class braking and good visibility to durability, seat comfort and reduced motion sickness - all being taken as a package aim to decrease potential risk of road accidents," Nissan Motor India said in a statement.
Global NCAP's mission statement says its main aim is to support the development of new crash test programmes in emerging markets where vehicle growth is strong and independent consumer information on crashworthiness is frequently not readily available. "Go's body shell is so unstable that it would be pointless to include airbags in the car," Global NCAP said of the car, which was launched in 2014. Such quality is not expected from a global carmaker with its new product failing to meet world safety standards, it said.

US Navy SEAL who shot Osama unmaskedPrint
Ex-Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill has been unmasked as the man who pumped three shots to the head of al-Qaeda chief. (Source: AP photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 6, 2014 5:54 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 6:13 pm
A decorated ex-Navy SEAL Robert O’Neill has been unmasked as the man who pumped three shots to the head of elusive al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden during a top-secret 2011 raid on his hideout in Pakistan.
O’Neill, 38, is the SEAL Team Six member who fired the three shots to the head of the al-Qaeda leader during the raid, according to SOFREP, a website dedicated to military news.
He grew up in Montana mining town and is now facing possible legal action for giving out the tightly held secret.  He is expected to reveal himself during a two-part Fox News TV special next week.
O’Neill was one of 23 SEALS who flew into the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad on the night of May 2, but the last to see bin Laden alive.
It had previously been unclear precisely how the terrorist leader was killed and how many servicemen had been involved in his death.
O’Neill, who is married with children, was last year interviewed by Esquire magazine, which did not publish his name. He told how he joined the army at the age of 19 as a reaction to his then-girlfriend leaving him.
His exploits have already been portrayed on the big screen in the action flicks “Zero Dark Thirty”, “Captain Phillips” and “Lone Survivor.”
O’Neill served more than a dozen tours of duty in active combat, including Iraq and Afghanistan, undertaking 400 separate combat missions.
For his service he has been decorated 52 times, up to the level of senior chief petty officer before he left. He was awarded two Silver Stars — the military’s third highest honour — as well as four Bronze Stars.
It has been reported that his decision to speak out was prompted by losing some of his military benefits by quitting the SEALs after 16 years rather than completing a full 20 years of service.
Earlier, the elite US Navy SEALs were warned against betraying their promise to maintain secrecy and not speak to the media to gain “public notoriety and financial gain”.
The October 31 letter from Admiral Brian Losey specifies that the warning holds even after a mission is over, and it scolds those seeking public credit.
The admonition was seemingly directed both at Matt Bissonnette — who revealed his role in the 2011 bin Laden mission with “60 Minutes” — and at O’Neill at the centre of the upcoming Fox News documentary.

Democratic Strategies Lost Big. Heres an Alternative.reddit
It is time to shine a light on the strategies used by Democrats, and on the Democratic infrastructure that uses those strategies.
Democratic strategists have been segmenting the electorate and seeking individual self-interest-based issues in each electoral block. The strategists also keep suggesting a move to the right. This has left no room for the Democrats to have an overriding authentic moral identity that Americans can recognize.
Those strategists form an infrastructure that all Democrats have come to depend on; not just the candidates, but also the elected officials, Democrats in government, and citizens who either do, or might, find progressive policies morally and practically right. The strategic infrastructure includes PR firms, pollsters, consultants, researchers, trainers, communication specialists, speechwriters, and their funders.
It is an important and powerful infrastructure and we all depend on it. I believe it is vital to separate this infrastructure from the strategies it has been using. I believe the strategies can be greatly improved so as to give a true, deep, and moral picture of what progressive politics is about -- one whose content and authenticity will resonate with, and inspire, a majority of Americans.
I have just published a book about how to do this: The All New Don't Think of an Elephant! It is an updated and much expanded version of the original, which introduced the concept of conceptual framing, which is about ideas, not just about slogans. The present book includes what I have learned over the past decade by bringing to bear results in my academic discipline, the Brain and Cognitive Sciences. The book is short, easy-to-read, and inexpensive.
At this point, some details are in order. Here is what is widely done according to present strategies. Not everyone uses all of these, but most are common.
Use demographic categories to segment the electorate, categories from the census (race, gender, ethnicity, age, marital status, income, zip code), as well as publicly available party registration.
Assume uniformity across the demographic categories. Poll on which issues are "most important," e.g., for women (or single women), for each minority group, for young people, and so on. This separates the issues from one another and creates "issue silos." It does not include segmentation for moral worldviews that differ between conservatives and progressives.
Assume language is neutral and that the same poll questions will have the same meaning for everyone polled. In reality, language is defined relative to conceptual frames. And the same words can be "contested," that is, they can have opposite meanings depending on one's moral values.
Assume that people vote on the basis of material self-interest and design different message to appeal to different demographic groups. In reality, poor conservatives will vote against their material interests when they identify with a candidate and his or her values.
In polling, apply statistical methods to the answers given in each demographic group. This will impose a "bell curve" in the results. The bell curve will impose a "middle" in each case.
Assume that most voters are in the middle imposed by the bell curve. Move to the middle. If your beliefs are on the left of the "middle," move to the right to be where most voters are. You will be helping conservatives, by supporting their beliefs. And you may ne saying things you don;tje
Check the polls to see how popular the present Democratic president is; if he is not popular, design you message to dissociate yourself from the president. It will reinforce the unpopularity of the president when members of his own party, as well as the opposition, disown him.
Attack your opponents as being "extremists" when they hold views typical of the far right. This will help your opponents, as they will appear standing up for what they believe in among those of their constituents that share any of those views.
Attack your opponents for getting money from rich corporations or individuals. This will help your opponent among Republicans (and some Democrats) who respect the values of the wealthy and successful.
Argue against your opponents by quoting them, using their language and negating that language. Negating a frame reinforces the frame, as in the sentence "Don't think of an elephant!" This practice will mostly reinforce the views of your opponent.
Such strategies miss the opportunity to present an overriding moral stand that fits the individual issues, while saying clearly what ideals Democrats stand for as Democrats. There happens to be such an overriding ideal that most Democrats authentically believe in.
I work in the brain and cognitive sciences. I study how people think and how language works. The most basic result is that most thought is unconscious -- about 98 percent (a reasonable ballpark figure). My job here is to do my best to make the unconscious conscious. Here goes!
All politics is moral. When a politician says to do something, he is implicitly claiming that it is the right thing to do. No politician will over say, do what I say because it's wrong -- pure evil! None will ever say, "Do what I say, though it doesn't matter." When politicians' policy prescriptions differ widely, it is because their sense of what is right is very different. In short, they have different moral systems. That is true of progressives and conservatives alike. The political proposals conservatives and progressives make are based on different moral systems.
Progressive and conservatives have very different understandings of democracy. For progressives, empathy is at the center of the very idea of democracy. Democracy is a governing system in which citizens care about their fellow citizens and work through their government to provide public resources for all. In short, in a democracy, the private depends on the public.
Elizabeth Warren says it out loud. If you have a business it depends on public resources: roads, bridges, the Interstate highway system, sewers, a water supply, airports and air traffic control, the Federal Reserve, a patent office, public education for your employees, public health, the electric grid, the satellite communication system, the Internet, and all the government research behind computer science. You can't run a business without these. Private enterprise depends on the public.
The same is true of individuals, who depend on public resources like clean air, clean water, enough food, safe food and products, public safety, access to education and health care, housing, employment -- as well as those roads, bridges, sewers, satellite communication, electric grid, and so on. And most important -- voting in free elections, choosing the government to provide those resources. Private life depends on the public.
What public resources provide is freedom. Most progressive issues are freedom issues.
· Voting: Without the ability to vote in free elections you are not free.
· Health: If you get cancer or even break a leg and don't have health care, you are not free.
· Education: Without education, you lack the knowledge and skills not just to earn a decent living, but also to even be aware of the possibilities of life. Without education, you are therefore not free.
· Women: If you are denied control over your body, you are not free.
· Marriage: If you are in love and are denied the ability to marry with a publicly declared lifetime commitment, you are not free.
· Vast income inequality: When the economic gains that most people have worked for go not to those who worked for them, but only to the wealthiest of the wealthy, those who did the work -- most people -- are not free.
· Race: When you are treated with suspicion and disdain, you are not free.
· Corporate Control: When corporations control your life for their benefit and not yours, you are not free.
· Privatization: When significant public resources become owned or controlled by private corporations, the public has lost an essential element of freedom.
And one more, which had a major effect in the 2014 election:
· Fear: When you are emotionally gripped by fear, you are not free.
As FDR pointed out, Freedom From Fear is a vital freedom. In the 2014 election, conservatives played on fear -- of Isis and Ebola.
Every progressive instinctively knows all this, but very few say it. Instead, progressives tend to talk not about such values, but instead about facts, policies, and programs.
Conservatives, on the other hand, have a very different view of democracy. For them democracy is supposed to provide them with the liberty to do what they want, without being responsible for others and without others being responsible for them. For them, there is only personal responsibility, not social responsibility. Indeed, providing public resources is, to a conservative, immoral, taking away personal responsibility, making people dependent, lazy, unable to take care of themselves. Removing public resources is seen as providing incentives, and individual liberty is seen as the condition in which you can carry out your incentives.
This is very much what conservative morality is about. If you cannot succeed through personal responsibility, you deserve what you get.
But these are not just two equally valid, though opposite, moral systems. Because the private really does depend on the public, because personal responsibility without public resources gets you nowhere, the conservative view of democracy has radically false consequences. It is immoral because it lacks empathy, but it also just plain false.
If Cartesian rationalism were true, we wouldn't be in the mess we're in. If all reason were conscious, and if being human were, by definition, being a rational animal, and if rationality were logic, then the facts would set us all free. But human reason doesn't work that way. We use embodied brains, whose neural structures constitute frames and conceptual metaphors.
All thought is physical. We think using the neural systems in our brains. Thought works by frames -- neural circuitry that we use to comprehend the world. The sad fact is that we can only understand what our brains allow us to understand. As a result, just pointing out the facts to conservatives cannot work. Facts are crucial, but they make sense primarily relative to their moral importance.
Our hope lies in biconceptualism. Most of us are partly conservative and partly progressive -- mostly one but partly the other, so far as issues are concerned. There is no ideology of the moderate. Moderate conservatives have some progressive views, and conversely. Circuitry for both moral systems are present in the biconceptual brain, applying to different issues.
All words are defined with respect to frame-circuits. The more one hears conservative language, the stronger the conservative moral system gets in your brain. The same for progressive language. The more progressives speak in their own language, the stronger their frame circuitry gets in the brains of bi-conceptuals who hear them, who already have a version of that system.
The moral: Progressivism supports freedom. The private depends on the public. If you believe it, say it. Moral ideals matter. Authenticity matters.
A Note on Organization
It takes some training to avoid the common strategy problems, to get insight into what your unconscious beliefs really are, and to learn how to express those beliefs effectively. Democratic strategists, like Republicans, offer trainings. The training should focus on the new, not the old, strategies, and should be more widely offered to citizens who want to speak publicly in their communities.
The 2014 election has spurred this discussion but it goes beyond elections. The American public needs an understanding of what progressive democratic values are, all the time, every day, day after day. This requires both training and some organizing. For details on such an organization, contact The Forward Institute, Scott Wittkopf, Director < Scott@ForwardInstituteWI.org >, about the Wisconsin Freedom Campaign, which is about to start.
__________________
George Lakoff is Distinguished Professor of Cognitive Science and Linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley. His latest book is the ALL NEW Don't Think of an Elephant. His website is: georgelakoff.com.
More:

The End of the Big Oil and Gas Game Has Comereddit
Co-authored with Grant Cooke
Sheikh Ahmed-Zaki Yamani said in 2000, "The Stone Age came to an end, not because we had a lack of stones, and the oil age will come to an end not because we have a lack of oil."  The former Saudi oil minister was arguably the world's foremost expert on the oil industry at that time. However, then he introduced this extraordinary observation in the UK's Telegraph, which was an even more prescient point about how, "Thirty years from now there will be a huge amount of oil -- and no buyers. Oil will be left in the ground."
A decade and half later and we are coming to the end of Big Oil.
Yet not as others have predicted, such as Mark Stansberry, in his book America needs America's Energy (2012), which reviews how natural gas has risen to be the foremost energy source in the USA and is now being sold to other countries around the world. Stansberry, whom Clark knows very well due to their working together on shared issues such as: the need for a "national energy plan"; the move off of "coal and oil dependency"; and therefore the "control and [reduction of] carbon and greenhouse gases." However, Stansberry, like his mentor, Robert Hefner III, saw natural gas as the "Major Bridge" as the energy source before wind, solar and a new "hydrogen-based economy."
The problem is when conventional energy sources are discovered, produced, distributed and become economical, they are not a bridge or as every natural gas advocate states today, the "transition" to renewable energy sources. Unless "transition" is defined and then based upon a ROI or business model for 3-5 years. The definition of transition is a myth (and a false representation) in terms of the number of years and time in which natural gas will be the predominate source of energy in the USA, and around the world. However, with natural gas, as with other fossil fuels, such a short time frame can never happen. All fossil fuels need, due to their conventional economic models, to be in place for 3-4 decades at the minimum to cover the loans, investments and profits that the company owners want. That is why oil and coal have been the energy supply sources of all global economic growth for over a century.
Why?
The bridge or transition is based in conventional classical economics. The need to borrow funds and satisfy investors means that the entire discovery of natural gas to its final consumer, must return a solid, dependable and long-term profit. There is no transition period of time, unless defined as decades. Government support of all fossil fuels follows the same line of reasoning and economic models. Historically, and even now with natural gas pipelines, processing rules and shipping, the national and local governments become "partners" in this "transition." Hence not only are their debates, which are monetized into financial "tax breaks and deductions" for these companies, but also there is the subversion of environmental laws, ignoring health costs on personal and community levels.
The natural gas industry claims to be able to make America "energy independent." Again another false and devious use of language. Many of us involved in supporting and getting public along with private sector support for renewable energy, were calling it the pathway to make America "energy independent" of other nations and no longer in need of oil, coal and gas. The wind, sun and water sources for energy were virtually free and obtainable without massive drilling, transit, shipping or pipelines. For example, fracking and shale oil from land are destroying land and water in the USA. On-site power to people in their homes and businesses is far more "independent" and doable than any these fossil fuels.  Nonetheless the historical domination of the world's geopolitics, business and economics by the fossil fuel interests over the past century have now taken a new and even more environmentally costly strategy that will make the USA dependent upon THEIR fossil fuel sources for energy over another 50-100 years.
A new era of energy generation, storage and sharing is upon us, known as The Green Industrial Revolution (GIR), the title of our new book. This GIR has emerged as the next significant political, social and economic era in world history. It has already taken hold, in parts of EU and Asia, and will result in a complete restructuring of the way energy is generated, supplied, and used. It is a revolutionary time of extraordinary potential and opportunity, with remarkable innovations in science and energy that will lead to sustainable, smart and carbonless economies powered by nonpolluting technologies that are integrated with one another like wind, geothermal, wave, river and solar along with their storage and back up devices. These resources along with advanced environmental technologies like flywheels, regenerative and maglev systems as well as hydrogen fuel cells.
Many factors are coming together to hasten this Green Industrial Revolution. Vladimir Putin's annexation of the Crimean and eastern Ukraine has shocked Europe and the rest of the world. On a good side, it has made nations and communities around the world aware of how countries that control energy sources like oil and gas can control vast regions of the world. Thus the Putin advances on countries, like the Ukraine which is NOT the only nation near and dependent upon Russia, has stirred the region's efforts to generate more renewable energy in order to become independent of Russia's fossil fuels.
The same scenario is exactly what got the USA involved in the Middle East when President George Bush ordered American troops to Kuwait in 1991. Unlike his son, he also stopped that war since the goal was to free Kuwait from terrorists. The war in the middle-east now has been over a decade and now spreading. The terrorists in the middle-east get their money from the regional oil and gas industries. If the USA and other nations stopped buying their oil and gas, there would be no need for war.  Nor would there be terrorists.
Perhaps the clearest, most reasoned analysis of the US oil and gas industry tax subsidies and the potential benefit of removing them came from Alan Krueger, the chief economist and assistant secretary for economic policy at the US Department of Treasury in 2009. In testimony to Congress he explained that the "current US tax law provided several credits and deductions specific to the oil and gas industry."  Hence the Administration recommended:
Eliminating these tax preferences would raise revenues about $10.3 billion from 2010 to 2019. The administration also proposed to repeal three tax preferences available for integrated and nonintegrated firms. Elimination of these would result in about $20.3 billion from 2010 to 2019 (Krueger, 2009).
Krueger gave a long list of other economic related issues that would be supported by such a change in policy.  Yet the report and data were rejected by the Republican controlled Congress and their fossil fuel industry supporters. There is no need to list names. They are always the same and well known. The answer by the Republicans was instead to have an additional $2.3 billion in annual tax cuts to the oil companies.
Today three key factors will stop the fossil fuel industry and make the Sheikh Yamani's prediction come true for all fossil fuels.
1) Carbon Emitters Made to Pay
The first is that the carbon emitters will be held accountable and made to pay for using the atmosphere as a garbage can. While still struggling to price the cost of pollution, most nations have come to realize that the heavy carbon emitters need to pay for the damage that they have done. A cap-and-trade (C&T) process has risen from the government bureaucracies supported and advanced by Wall Street financial interests as the first method to hold the carbon emitters accountable. However, the C&T is not nearly as effective as a straight carbon tax that collects money and then allocates it. While politicians and the public do not like the word "tax" some of us prefer to all it an "incentive" program much like the successful non-cigarette smoking program that started in California and now has spread around the world.
The cigarette tax become known as an "incentive" so that political leaders would not be accused of advancing a new tax. As the extra few cents paid for a pack of cigarettes, such an incentive along with the restrictions on smoking due to the health dangers of smoking to individuals and those near-by (e.g. second hand smoking) will control, decrease and finally replace fossil fuels.  This "incentive" system is not seen or used as a tax, but as means to raise funds to research, develop programs and implement plans to stop smoking. Now it has grown and spread throughout the world. The European Union's program, which started several years ago, is now deemed a success. The C&T program failed there while the smoking incentive has become an established part of European culture and corporate practice. Various nations such as Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Korea and China have looked into cap-and-trade programs but are leaning now much more to a Carbon Tax (Incentive) program.
The pressure to make the major carbon emitters pay for their pollution is coming from the agreements made at the 2012 UN Conference on Climate Change in Doha, Qatar. At this conference world governments consolidated the gains of the last three years of international climate change negotiations and opened a gateway to greater ambition and action. Among the decisions was to concentrate on a universal climate agreement by 2015, which will come into effect in 2020. The 2015 UN Climate Conference will be held in Paris, and world governments are expecting much greater cooperation and agreement for carbon-reduction policies from the U.S.A and other major emitters, including China which ranks number #1 in the world, passing the U.S.A.
2) Grid Parity
The second major factor hastening the end of today's megalithic fossil fuel industries is "grid parity," which is a technical term meaning that the cost to a consumer for electricity from a renewable source (without subsidies) is about equal to the cost from a traditional source -- be it fossil fuel or nuclear. The Germans used grid parity to price their feed-in-tariff, or FiT program that launched Energiewende.
In short, grid parity puts renewable energy sources on the same exact price as conventional fossil fuels and nuclear are today. It is important to keep in mind that historically when oil and gas (and more recently nuclear) energy came into use for consumers (grid or energy system suppliers), the costs had been high and needed to be leveled or lowered (parity) in order for users to pay for them.
The cost of conventional energy from traditional sources is rising, driven by higher extracting costs, additional externalities (such as legal and insurance costs due to supply system accidents), increased maintenance costs for natural gas pipelines and increased operating costs at nuclear power plants.  Due to the tsuanmi in Fukishima, the shut down of nuclear power plants is occurring all around the world. To keep them operating and securing means extremely high and almost unpredictable add-on costs. At the same time the costs for renewable energy -- wind, solar photovoltaic, and bio-waste fuels, wave, ocean and hydro power are declining.
For example, the costs for wind generation have been for almost a decade and still are, the lowest. Solar costs are declining rapidly as use spreads not just to power utilities but to home owners, shopping malls and office buildings as well as government, schools and colleges. Deutsche Bank reported in January 2014 that there were 19 regions around the world where unsubsidized PV solar power costs were competitive with other forms of generation. This equality of costs with fossil fuel and natural gas is creating a worldwide solar boom in 2014-2015.
Germany with its FiT program for grid parity started this economic process that lowered the costs for solar. Now, other nations have enacted similar FiT programs with funding and resources supporting them. China now leads the world in the production and sale of wind and solar systems.
Solar PV technology, which has been helped by the USA military, is improving so fast that it has achieved a virtuous circle. As described by New York's Sanford and Bernstein Investment Bank, the world has entered an era of "global energy deflation." This ratcheting down of energy costs may be slow to start, but they argue that the fossil fuel dominated energy market will experience a major decline in costs over the next decade. The market is entering a new order that will erode the viability of oil, gas and the fossil fuel continuum.
In April 2014, the highly respected Paris-based financial company Kepler Chevreux released a research report that has rippled through the fossil fuel industries. Kepler Chevreux described what is at stake for the fossil fuel industry as the world governments' push for green fuels and reduced GHG emissions gathers momentum. The firm argues that the global oil, gas and coal industries are set to lose a combined $28 trillion in revenues over the next two decades as governments take action to address climate change, reverse green house gases (GHG), clean up pollution and move to de-carbonize the global energy system.  The report helps to explain the enormous pressure that the industries are exerting on governments not to regulate GHGs.
The report said oil industry revenues could fall by $19.3 trillion over the period 2013-2035, coal industry revenues could fall by $4.9 trillion and gas revenues could be $4 trillion lower. High production cost extraction such as deep-water wells, oil sands, and shale oil will be most affected. Recent monitoring of the global stock exchanges mirror these conclusions.  The fossil fuel industry, when the true costs of their products are known, is facing a major collapse -- as it should. And as it leaders are well aware of since they are targeting and attacking those who provide this evidence: the fossil fuel industrial is not even close to providing the U.S.A. or other countries the ability to be "energy independent." The facts and economics are just the opposite.
Sooner than later, fossil fuel assets will be too expensive to extract, and like Sheikh Yammi said, the oil, now natural gas and soon uranium, will be left in the ground. The cost savings in terms of every aspect from drilling to delivery will be saved, climate and pollution reduced and human health costs saved.
Kepler Chevreux's report is consistent with others released in 2014. One report from U.S.A.'s CitiGroup was titled "Age of Renewables is Beginning -- A Levelized Cost of Energy (LCOE)." Released in March 2014, the report argues that there will be significant price decreases in solar and wind power, which will add to the renewable energy generation boom. CitiGroup projects price declines based on Moore's Law, the same dynamic that drove the boom in information technology.
In short, CitiGroup is looking for cost reductions of as much as 11 percent per year in all phases of PV development and installation.
When the world's major financial institutions start to do serious, accurate, research science and measure the declining costs of renewable energy verse the rising costs of fossil fuels, it becomes easier to understand the monumental impact that the Green Industrial Revolution is having.
3) Zero Marginal Cost
We have come to the last leg of our triad, "Zero Marginal Cost." Marginal cost, to an economist or businessperson, is the cost of producing one more unit of a good or service after fixed costs have been paid.
Companies have used technology to increase the productivity, reduce marginal costs and increase profits from the beginning. However, as Jeremy Rifkin points out in Zero Marginal Cost Society, we have entered an era where technology has unleashed "extreme productivity," driving marginal costs on some items and services to near zero. File sharing technology and subsequent zero marginal cost almost ruined the record business and shook the movie business. The newspaper and magazine industries have been pushed to the wall and are being replaced by the blogosphere and YouTube. The book industry struggles with the e-book phenomenon.
A powerful technology revolution is evolving that will change all aspects of our lives, including how we access renewable energy. An energy Internet is coming that will seamlessly tie together how we share and interact with electricity. It will greatly increase productivity and drive marginal cost of producing and distributing electricity down, possibly to nothing beyond our fixed costs.
This is almost the case with the early adopters of solar and wind energy. As they pay off these systems and their fixed costs are covered, additional units of energy are basically free. This is the concept that Ikea, the Swedish furniture manufacturer, is exploiting. Ikea is test marketing residential solar systems in Europe that cost about $11,000 with a payback of 3-5 years. Eventually, we'll be able to buy a home solar system at Ikea, Costco or Home Depot, have it installed and recover our costs in less than two years.
All three of these elements -- carbon mitigation costs, grid parity and zero marginal costs, (and others like additive manufacturing and nanotechnology) are seen in the spreading of the Green Industrial Revolution.
It will be an era of momentous change in the way we live our lives and it will mean the passing of the carbon-intensive industries. Like the centralized utility industry, the fossil fuel industry and the large centralized utilities have business models predicated on continued growth in consumption. Once that integration and hence nexus of declining prices for renewables and rising costs of extraction with distribution are crossed, the demand will rapidly shift and propel us into "global energy deflation." There are many regions and nations around the world where this has already started.
More:

Tens of Thousands Apply for Scarce Housing Vouchersreddit
Five local housing authorities that recently gave low-income residents their first chance in years to get on a waiting list for a Housing Choice Voucher received a flood of applications. This is further evidence that the need for affordable housing far outstrips the supply -- and that federal voucher funding, squeezed by the sequestration cuts , is inadequate.
In Charlotte , which awards roughly 400 vouchers a year to new recipients as others leave the program, 32,000 applied for the waiting list (see chart). Baltimore , which awards roughly 1,000-1,500 new vouchers a year, had 58,000 applicants. Indianapolis had 45,000 applicants, Austin had 19,000, and the Chicago Housing Authority expects more than 250,000 applicants by the time the application window closes later this month.
Judging from the Charlotte applicants, roughly two-thirds of those seeking help are working families and one in seven are homeless. The Charlotte applicants also included more than 600 veterans.
Submitting an application doesn't guarantee someone a place on the waiting list, let alone a voucher. Each housing agency will hold a lottery to choose which new applicants will make it to the waiting list; those lucky people may still have to wait many years for an actual voucher. While the lottery approach has drawn some criticism, the problem isn't the lotteries -- it's the scarcity of vouchers.
Most housing agencies didn't provide vouchers to any new families for the year after the sequestration budget cuts hit in March 2013; indeed, by March 2014, sequestration had caused the loss of some 90,000 vouchers nationwide. With the increased funding Congress provided for 2014, tens of thousands of new families will get help. But the House and Senate funding bills that Congress has considered for 2015 (but not yet enacted) would not allow further progress to restore sequestration cuts.
The outpouring of need is only the latest sign that the post-sequestration level of voucher assistance should not be acceptable. At a minimum, policymakers should restore all of the vouchers cut by sequestration to give more families a better chance of having a safe, stable home.
Related Posts:

Amit Shah cracks whip  Parrikar does U-turnSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
Breaking his silence over reports about his possible appointment as Defence Minister, Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar today said Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief Amit Shah had asked him to take up an assignment at the Centre, if offered, and that he was willing to shoulder the responsibility.
He also said though he does not feel comfortable about shifting to Delhi, he will take up the responsibility “if nation requires” his services.
“Party President Amit Shah spoke to me in the morning and asked me to accept any assignment that would be given by the Prime Minister,” Parrikar told reporters.
However, he did not disclose whether Prime Minister Narendra Modi had offered him the defence portfolio during their meeting yesterday.
“I want to give proper information as far as joining the cabinet is concerned. It is the prerogative of the Prime Minister. However, I would like to inform that the party has indicated to me that if such assignment comes, you should accept it,” he said.
Parrikar said if any offer had to come, it would have to be before November 9, when union cabinet would be expanded.
“The party would not have asked me (to accept the offer) if they (top BJP leaders) had not interacted with the Prime Minister,” he added.
Parrikar, who led BJP to victory in the 2012 Assembly polls, said he was not comfortable about having to shift to the Centre.
“I am not comfortable, I have too much affection towards the state. But rationality tells me if nation requires your services, I should take it. Whenever Goa wants my services, I will be there,” he said.
“One reservation (about moving to Delhi) is because I have been elected for a five-year term with a popular mandate. My feeling is unless I complete the term it is not right on my part to leave mid-way. If I get an offer from the Prime Minister, then I will let you know what are my reasons for accepting the offer,” he said.
Parrikar said he would be meeting BJP MLAs tomorrow to brief them about the development. He, however, refused to say anything about who would be his successor.
“There are many issues in deciding the successor… his capacity to deliver and to take everyone along. That is party’s internal assessment,” he said.

India s ONGC Videsh eyes stake in Tullow Oil s Africa assetsEditorial: Much Ado
India’s ONGC Videsh, the overseas investment arm of Oil and Natural Gas Corp, is looking to buy a stake in the assets of Africa-focused exploration company Tullow Oil Plc, a source with direct knowledge of matter said.
India, the world’s fourth biggest oil consumer, has charged state oil firms with acquiring assets overseas to improve the security of its energy supplies. The country imports about 80 percent of its crude needs.
ONGC Videsh aims to get 400,000 barrels per day (bpd) of crude from its overseas assets by 2018, compared with about 167,000 bpd produced from overseas holdings in the fiscal year to March 2014, ONGC’s chairman said in October.
To meet its objective the company is looking at acquisitions, preferably of producing assets, in politically less risky countries.
“ONGC is keen to buy a stake in the African properties of Tullow that includes assets in Ghana and Kenya,” said the source, who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue.
Tullow Oil declined to comment to Reuters when asked if it was in talks with ONGC or others on a stake sale.
ONGC Videsh wants to acquire assets in stable geographies like North America, Canada and Mexico, and expand its presence in Africa, Managing Director N. K. Verma said in an interview earlier this week.
London-listed Tullow has a number of oil assets in Africa, including its flagship Jubilee oil field offshore Ghana.
ONGC in 2009 made an attempt to buy the Jubilee stake of private equity-backed company Kosmos Energy. Kosmos later shelved plans to sell its stake.

Suzuki Motor profit falls for first time in 8 quarters as tax hike hurtsEditorial: Much Ado
Suzuki Motor Corp said on Thursday operating profit fell for the first time in eight quarters in July-September, as sluggish demand in Japan following an April sales tax hike continued to fan fierce, profit-eroding competition.
Operating profit at Japan’s fourth-biggest automaker fell 14 percent to 39.6 billion yen ($346.55 million) in the second quarter, far short of the 47.1 billion yen mean estimate of 12 analysts polled by Thomson
Reuters I/B/E/S, also hit by a tough market in Southeast Asia.
The result was in line with the 40 billion yen profit reported last month by the Nikkei business daily, which cited severe competition particularly in the minivehicle segment, which Suzuki dominates with Daihatsu Motor Co.
Minivehicles, with engine sizes of 660cc, are under consideration in Japan for a tax increase next April.
“I can’t help but say that the outlook for minivehicles is very bleak,” Chief Executive Osamu Suzuki told a news conference.
Suzuki, whose subsidiary Maruti Suzuki India Ltd  sells almost every other car in India, kept its typically conservative operating profit guidance at 188 billion yen for the full business year ending March 31.
Maruti Suzuki last week beat analyst estimates with a 29 percent rise in quarterly net profit, but said growth in car sales would slow in the second half of the year.
In Japan, a sales rush before the tax hike and subsequent demand decline has led to increased competition and prompted Toyota Motor Corp and Honda Motor Co to lower their domestic sales forecasts.
Shares in Suzuki ended down 1.2 percent before the earnings results, while Tokyo’s benchmark Nikkei average lost 0.9 percent.

India s gas deficit to remain on Narendra Modi govt s unimpressive policy: CIMBNarendra Modi, Vladimir Putin to hold talks on setting up 2 new units at Kudankulam plant
India’s natural gas deficit and its reliance on imports will continue as the just-announced gas pricing policy by the Narendra Modi govt with its low rates and lack of roadmap to free pricing may not revitalise near stagnant exploration and production, a research report said today.
Existing gas discoveries in deepsea areas of Bay of Bengal are not viable at the new gas price of USD 5.61 per million British thermal unit, which is just 33 per cent higher than old rate of USD 4.2, it added.
“The new gas pricing policy is unlikely to revitalise Indian exploration and production (E&P),” Kuala Lumpur-based CIMB Group said in its report on India’s oil and gas scenario.
Besides raising price of gas from existing fields, the government had also on October 18 announced that a yet-to-be- determined premium will be paid for new discoveries in deepwater and difficult projects.
“The exclusion of existing deepwater fields from premium pricing may hamper the production prospects of some key Krishna Godavari basin blocks.
“The lack of a roadmap to free gas pricing, possibility of internal rate of return (IRR)-based application of pricing premium and Government of India’s differentiation between reasonable and windfall profits (perhaps erroneous) may fail to boost exploration,” it said.
Stating that existing deepwater gas discoveries, mostly in the KG basin, are not viable at the new gas price of USD 5.61, CIMB Group said, “the denial of premium pricing to the existing discovered fields may have rendered the development of these fields uncertain.”
In the past, the absence of commercially viable gas prices had not only discouraged high-risk new exploration activity but also hindered the development of some of the existing discoveries, such as the satellite fields in the Reliance Industries’ eastern offshore KG-D6 block.
“Building a 3 per cent natural decline rate to the existing production of 88 million standard cubic meters per day, we estimate that India’s total gas production, including the new gas discoveries, can reach about 154-155 mmscmd by 2020-21 – still unlikely to surpass the previous peak of 155 mmscmd achieved in March 2010,” CIMB said.
It said its “study indicates that India’s gas deficit is unlikely to improve over the next 5-6 years implying that reliance on (imported) liquefied natural gas (LNG) is unlikely to abate.”
In the nine New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) rounds since 1999, 131 discoveries have been reported in 41 blocks, 86 (2/3rd) of which are gas discoveries that will require higher gas prices and greater scale of operations to be viable, it said.
CIMB said 15 years since the launch of the NELP, under which 254 blocks or areas were awarded to firms like RIL and ONGC for exploring and producing oil and gas, just one block is materially producing and only 9 others have substantial production prospects. As many as 133 blocks have already been relinquished.
“While NELP started on a positive note with three big discoveries in the very first round, things have since dried up,” it said, adding that block data suggests India’s geology is at best moderate, if not poor.
“That said, India’s rather indifferent policy environment has compounded the geological problems and driven away both global and Indian private players.
“The lack of marketing freedom (especially for gas), excessive government oversight, bureaucratic delays and Government’s focus on its revenue maximisation at the cost of exploration maximisation are the key reasons behind the modest returns from NELP,” it said.
Besides low formulaic gas pricing (USD 5.6) and lack of roadmap to free pricing in the new policy, government’s failure to recognise high failure rates in E&P in assessing “reasonable profits” may fail to boost exploration, the report added.
TAGS: Gas Price Narendra Modi ONGC Reliance Industries
More from economy

Songbird soars on takeover approachNovember 6, 2014 4:25 pm
Songbird soars on takeover approach
John Aglionby – London and Simeon Kerr – Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/612d9dca-65c2-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alexander Paynes Downsizing: Matt Damons Oscar roleBy Stephanie Merry November 6 Follow @stephmerry
It’s only November, but Oscar prognosticators are already months deep into their labors, trying to guess which star of which movie you haven’t yet seen will capture the best actor trophy in February. Eddie Redmayne for “The Theory of Everything”? Steve Carell for “Foxcatcher” ? Michael Keaton in “Birdman” ?
Eh, no real challenge there. If you want to make a bold move, take your money to Vegas and put it all down on Matt Damon — to win the Academy Award in 2016.
View Photo Gallery —A look back at the film roles of the award-winning actor.
It’s for a movie he hasn’t even filmed yet, but if you know anything about Hollywood heavyweights and their prestige pictures these days, you’ll understand why it makes sense to herald the star’s latest casting news, in Alexander Payne’s “Downsizing,” as his long-awaited Oscar role.
For all the first-tier auteurs Damon has worked with — Martin Scorsese, Steven Spielberg, Steven Soderbergh, the Coen brothers — this collaboration is still a major coup. Payne is hardly a prolific director; the chances to work with him are rare. He emphasizes quality over quantity and won’t shy from a long hiatus, like the seven-year breather he took between “Sideways” and “The Descendants.” The films he makes are bright treasures, blending wry humor and poignancy with characters so sharply drawn they get inside your head and stay there.
Who could forget George Clooney awkwardly padding down the street in “The Descendants” or Matthew Broderick launching a milkshake at Tracy Flick’s limo in “Election”? Who would dare order a glass of merlot after Paul Giamatti’s tirade in “Sideways”?
In other words, he writes great parts (often with frequent collaborator Jim Taylor) and brings out the best in his actors, who always turn out to be impeccably cast. Hence the Oscar nominations for Jack Nicholson and Kathy Bates for “About Schmidt,” George Clooney (“The Descendants”), Virginia Madsen and Thomas Haden Church for “Sideways” and Bruce Dern and June Squibb for “Nebraska.” (Unlike the other movies on the list, Payne didn’t write the “Nebraska” screenplay.) Since it’s apparently never too early to start thinking about Oscars races, Damon might just find himself with another nomination — whenever “Downsizing” happens to get released. Though a favorite of the Hollywood community, Damon has only been nominated twice for his acting; the sole Oscar he’s won was for the “Good Will Hunting” screenplay he and Ben Affleck co-authored in their mid-20s.
“Downsizing” sounds like an anomaly among Payne’s filmography, and it’s a script he’s been working on for years. He’s described the story, which he co-wrote with Taylor, as “ a difficult screenplay .” He’s also described it as his epic masterpiece .
That sounds promising. The movie is a science-fiction satire that reads more like “The Incredible Shrinking Woman” than any of the naturalistic or farcical movies Payne has made. The story follows a married couple who find themselves strapped for cash and decide to shrink themselves to save money. In the end, though, the wife has second thoughts, so the man ends up going solo on the downsizing adventure.
According to Hollywood Reporter, the movie doesn’t yet have financing lined up , but maybe that will change by the time Damon finishes shooting “The Martian” for Ridley Scott. We can all hope so, especially Damon.
Nov. 11: This post has been updated.
Washington-area native Stephanie Merry covers movies, theater and art for Weekend and the Going Out Guide. She’s also the section’s de facto expert on yoga, gluten-free dining and bicycle commuting.

Chidambaram s son hits out at Congress high commandKarti Chidambaram admits Vasan's exit has hit Congress
By ANI | ANI –  Wed 5 Nov, 2014
Print
Chennai, Nov. 5 (ANI): Former union minister P Chidambaram's son Karti on Wednesday candidly admitted that Tamil Nadu strongman G. K. Vasan's departure from the party is a blow for the Congress.
"I wished that everybody had remained united in the Congress; the Congress is not in a very strong position in Tamil Nadu at the moment. We have not done well in the last elections; our vote share has been greatly diminished," Karti told ANI here.
He also said the Congress leadership should give state chapters of the party more freedom.
"We must rethink this high-command observer culture," he said. "We cannot wait for Delhi to show the path in every single way."
He hoped that all should have remained united at this hour.
"So, this is the time for all of us to have been united. We should have faced the crisis together. I think if we had all been together, I think we would have been in a better position to handle the situation. I believe that if one worker leaves the party, it diminishes the party in some way," he said.
"But at the same time one must also think through the reasons as to why Mr. Vasan has broken away, if you start a small sub regional party, you become ideologically neutral, if you are in the national party; your alliance options are limited," Karti said.
"So, I somehow have a sneaking suspension that one of the reasons he has broken away while he might have some grouses against the functioning of how the Congress functions. I think one of the main reasons is that he probably is contemplating an alliance with the BJP down the line," he added.
He recalled that Vasan's step as a reminiscent of Rangarajan Kumaramangalam who deserted the Congress along with Arjun Singh and N D Tiwari floating the Congress (Tiwari) in 1996, only to join the BJP later on.
"I am only reminded of Mr.Rangarajan Kumaramangalam who came from an illustrious Congress family, who was youth Congress president of India, who was a member of parliament and minister, who first went to the Tiwari Congress and eventually joined the BJP," Karti said.
"So, perhaps Mr. Vasan as a first step towards having an alliance with the BJP has decided to form his own small sub-regional party. Few Congress workers who have gone with him must think about this, because going to the BJP would be completely against the ethos for an average Congress worker," he added.
Vasan earlier on Monday formally quit the Congress party, saying he wanted to give the state a political alternative. According to reports, Vasan has hinted at starting a new party. The name of his new party will be decided in a public meeting in Trichy in the upcoming days.
B.S. Gnanadesikan, a loyalist of Vasan, had earlier tendered his resignation as the Tamil Nadu Congress chief. He had accused the Congress leadership in Delhi of failing to consult the state branch on important issues. (ANI)
Recommend

Court decision deepens Libya turmoilLibya’s supreme court rules elected government is illegal
Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/88bede5e-6599-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft releases new Office apps for iOS  announces test apps for AndroidBy Hayley Tsukayama November 6 Follow @htsuka
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella gestures while speaking during a Microsoft cloud briefing event in San Francisco, California October 20, 2014.  REUTERS/Robert Galbraith
There's been a lot of talk out of Microsoft over the past several months about working to get its products on all devices -- not just its own tablets and smartphones -- and the company is proving that it's putting its money where its mouth is.
Microsoft announced Thursday that's doing even more to get its Office suite of programs, a prime money-maker for the company, onto the devices of its biggest rivals.
The firm, which first released versions of its Office programs on the iPad earlier this year, is expanding the number of free features it's offering to users through the app. It's also going to start testing versions of its programs on devices running Google's Android operating system.
John Case, Microsoft's corporate vice president for Office marketing, said that the new releases show Microsoft is focused on making its programs the go-to productivity apps on "all platforms, devices and properties."
The call to make Microsoft products work on all platforms is key to chief executive Satya Nadella's efforts to reboot the company in a mobile era. And Office is a big part of that strategy. Office properties on any mobile devices other than its own. But shortly after Nadella took over in February, the company released its first version of Office applications for Apple's iPad. And the move toward partnerships has only grown over the course of Nadella's tenure; this week, Microsoft struck a deal with the cloud-storage service Dropbox to store files for the tech giant's Office 365 subscription service.
The iOS apps have had 40 million downloads since their release, Case said. But to further encourage people to use Office apps on the iPhone and iPad, Microsoft will now offer all basic features to app users for free. Previously, the Word, Excel and PowerPoint apps for iOS only let users read files; now they will be able to create and edit documents without paying for a subscription to the full program. Users will have to sign in to their Microsoft account, however, to access these new free features. And they still will have to pay for more advanced features, such as some of the more complicated data analysis tools in Excel.
Existing users of the iOS Office apps will have to download the latest update to access the newly free features. Microsoft provided test copies of the iOS versions of the apps to The Washington Post late Wednesday, which have not been significantly changed. There were no problems creating and editing new apps for free in Word, PowerPoint or Excel.
Case said that Microsoft changed its paywall terms in response to user feedback, and hopes the changes will encourage more people to use its apps.
As for the Android universe, Microsoft is also announcing that it will start testing Office apps for those devices through an application-only testing process. Because Android devices are more varied than iOS products, Case said, the company wants to test its products widely before releasing them to the general market. He said Microsoft hopes to see the apps hit stores early next year -- depending on how the preview goes.
Users will be able to ask Microsoft for an invitation to the test group; Case said that Microsoft is looking to test the apps with "thousands of people." The apps, he said, have been designed to work with Android devices released in the past few years, though Case said they should work with older versions of Android as well.
Of course, Case was sure to note that all of the effort going into building Microsoft products for Apple and Google doesn't mean that Microsoft is neglecting its own products. He said that Microsoft is still working hard to develop versions of Office programs with a touchscreen in mind.
The programs in development are "more customized for smaller screens and for multiple things you do with Office," he said. He also stressed that the firm will still design the apps to work well with a mouse and keyboard, for the millions of Microsoft users who still mainly use its products on desktop computer -- mostly at work.
Have more to say on this topic? Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

Answers to my 15 random Election Day questionsBy Jonathan Capehart November 6 Follow @capehartj
President Obama yesterday. (Mandel Ngan/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
The polls are closed. The people have spoken. And the answers to most of my 15 random questions from Election Day can be revealed.
If Republicans win control of the Senate …
How long will it take for the emboldened majority to start pushing for Obama’s impeachment?
We’ll have to wait for the 114th Congress to arrive next year. But Charles Krauthammer warned Republicans last night not to do it. “It would be exactly what he wants,” The Post columnist told Fox’s Bill O’Reilly last night. “The prize here is not the impeachment of Obama and curtailing his term by three months. The prize is winning the White House in 2016 and changing the country.” Still, if the president moves ahead on an executive order on immigration, the GOP impeachment push will begin in earnest, no matter what the order actually says or does.
Will Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) switch parties if the Senate goes Republican?
Nope. Jonathan Kott, Manchin’s spokesman, told Talking Points Memo, “Senator Manchin is a proud West Virginia Democrat and will remain one.”
How soon will Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) take over as Senate minority leader?
Schumer’s not running. Politico reports that soon-to-be demoted Senate majority leader Harry Reid will run for minority leader and that he has Schumer’s support.
Will hair-on-fire Democrats allow Hillary Clinton to wait until the New Year to say what her 2016 plans are?
As I suspected, no. “Even before networks officially declared a Republican majority in the Senate, Democrats were openly saying they hope Clinton will declare for 2016 soon after Election Day,” reports Maggie Haberman at Politico. “That sentiment is about to become overwhelming, as the party tries to recover from an election night hangover that’s worse than most operatives on either side had anticipated.”
Sen. Mitch McConnell speaks at a news conference the day after his reelection. (J. Scott Applewhite/Associated Press)
If Democrats maintain control of the Senate …
Will the leadership of Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) be challenged, assuming he’s reelected?
McConnell was comfortably reelected to a Senate sixth term. And he’ll be the next Senate majority leader — with or without the support of Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.).
Will Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) become even more unbearable ?
In his remarks at Greg Abbott’s victory party in Austin, Cruz declared that the “era of Obama lawlessness is over.” So, the answer is yes.
Will the GOP finally start paying attention to the autopsy of its disastrous 2012 presidential election?
Mia Love of Utah is the first African American Republican woman elected to the House ever. Will Hurd is the first black Republican elected to the House from Texas since Reconstruction. Sen. Tim Scott is the first black elected to the Senate from the Palmetto State. Even though they made history, the GOP has a lot of work to do get a hearing from the broader African American community. Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) is doing his best , but one senator does not a party-wide change in stance and tone make.
And then there are questions whose answers depend on what happens [on election night].  
What was the African American vote in North Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia and Arkansas?
The black vote was not a presidential turnout levels. According to NBC News, “This cycle, black voters made up 12 percent of the national electorate. That’s compared to 11 percent in 2010 and 13 percent in 2012.” As for the states I listed, according to the exit polls, African Americans were 30 percent of the vote in Louisiana, 21 percent in North Carolina, 29 percent in Georgia and 12 percent in Arkansas. I couldn’t find 2012 exit polls for all the states. But there were data for North Carolina. The black turnout in the 2012 presidential election was 23 percent , two points higher.
What was the Hispanic vote in Colorado?
They were 14 percent of the vote — the same as in 2012. But the white vote increased from 78 percent in the presidential election to 79 percent in Tuesday’s midterms.
Will there be changes to the White House senior staff?
Former Obama adviser David Axelrod said it would be “wise.” But don’t look for a dramatic purge or announcement. Instead, look for high-ranking people claiming burnout (which is probably true) or looking to spend more time with their families (which is never true).
How soon will President Obama announce his choice to succeed departing Attorney General Eric Holder?
Holder told me last week , “My hope would be that the Senate would take up that nomination in the same — about the same way that mine was, so that by early February we’d have a new attorney general.” Yesterday, the president said he would name a successor “in due course.”
How soon will Obama announce his promised executive action on immigration?
Unclear. But Obama made it clear at his news conference yesterday that he was going to do something.
But what I’m not going to do is just wait.  I think it’s fair to say that I’ve shown a lot of patience and have tried to work on a bipartisan basis as much as possible, and I’m going to keep on doing so. But in the meantime, let’s figure out what we can do lawfully through executive actions to improve the functioning of the existing system.
Will a Republican-controlled Congress raise the debt ceiling, which will be reached in March 2015?
“There will be no government shutdown or default on the national debt,” said McConnell more than once during his news conference yesterday.
With an even bigger and still-cranky majority , will House Speaker John Boehner be able to maintain the gavel in the 114th Congress?
Time will tell.
D.C. Mayor-elect Muriel Bowser (Manuel Balce Ceneta/Associated Press)
Oh, and will the District of Columbia elect its first white, openly gay mayor?
No. Mayor-elect Muriel Bowser (D) beat David Catania (I) with 54 percent of the vote to his 35 percent.
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

Antiabortion protesters sue UC professor who stole their sign and pushed and scratched one of themYou may recall the incident , in which UC Santa Barbara Professor Mireille Miller-Young stole antiabortion protesters’ sign, and pushed and scratched one of them. She later pleaded no contest to theft, vandalism, and battery.
Now the protesters are suing Miller-Young — and the UC system as her employer — for
violating Cal. Civil Code § 52.1 , which bars people, “whether or not acting under color of law,” from “interfer[ing or attempting to ] by threats, intimidation, or coercion … with the exercise or enjoyment … of [] rights”;
violating Cal Civil Code § 51.7 , which protects people from “any violence, or intimidation by threat of violence, committed against their persons or property because of political affiliation, or on account of any characteristic listed or defined in subdivision (b) or (e) of Section 51 , … or because another person perceives them to have one or more of those characteristics; and
battery.
Note that § 51.7 has been interpreted as covering discrimination based on “ personal beliefs ,” such as being a Holocaust revisionist — and expressing these opinions — or being a member of the John Birch Society or the ACLU. It thus seems likely that expressing antiabortion views, including using images of aborted fetuses, would likewise be covered.
Whether the university is liable under a “respondeat superior” theory as the professor’s employer, by the way, is complicated. “ California no longer follows the traditional rule that an employee’s actions are within the scope of employment only if motivated, in whole or part, by a desire to serve the employer’s interests,” and “assaults that were not committed to further the employer’s interests have been considered outgrowths of employment if they originated in a work-related dispute.” How exactly these principles would play out in this case is hard to tell for sure; if you’re interested, read this case and the cases it cites, and also this excerpt from Flores v. Autozone West, Inc. (Cal. Ct. App. 2008) :
This appeal stems from a summary judgment entered in favor of Autozone West, Inc. Autozone successfully asserted below that it could not be held liable for the damages caused by its employee’s physical assault of a customer at an Autozone store after the customer had spoken to him in an arguably insulting manner. According to Autozone, the employee’s conduct was outside the scope of his employment as a matter of law, because it “was not ‘fairly attributable to work-related events or conditions.’” We disagree. In our view, the evidence in this case supports the reasonable inference that the altercation was attributable to work-related events; hence the trial court’s decision to dispose of the case by summary judgment was improper….
The [] question … is whether an employee’s physical eruption, stemming from his interaction with a customer, is a predictable risk of retail employment. Our Supreme Court has suggested it may well be: “Flare-ups, frustrations, and disagreements among employees are commonplace in the workplace and may lead to ‘physical act[s] of aggression.””In bringing [] together,’ work [] qualities together, causes frictions between them, creates occasions for lapses into carelessness, and for fun-making and emotional flareup…. These expressions of human nature are incidents inseparable from working together. They involve risks of injury and these risks are inherent in the working environment.”‘”
Although the courts in [the quoted ] were addressing the risk of violence between coworkers, rather than between an employee and customer, we cannot draw a meaningful distinction between the two scenarios. The workplace stresses and strains which might cause an employee to erupt in anger are not dependent upon whether the person who happens to be standing in the line of fire is a coworker or a retail customer. In either scenario, as the foregoing authorities establish, “flare-ups [] frustrations” are commonplace for employees during the course of their work.
An interesting question: Can the UC successfully argue that university professors are much less likely to react violently to offensive speech, and that therefore such an attack is less “commonplace” and “predictable” in universities than in car parts and accessories stores? (Of course, it’s fortunately not terribly commonplace in either place, but Flores suggests that the threshold is not set very high.)
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

$250b power push on the cardsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Delhi BJP Chief embarasses Narendra Modi with fraud photo opSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
In a huge embarrassment to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s cleanliness campaign, Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay was spotted clearing garbage that was purposefully dumped for a photo opportunity.
Former AAP leader Shazia Ilmi and a few other leaders also wielded the broom for the cleaning exercise in front of the otherwise-clean India Islamic Centre in the posh Lodhi Estate area yesterday as political rivals took pot shots at BJP over the event.
Photographs showed today that sanitation workers brought garbage on a trolley and littered the pavement allegedly sometime before Upadhyay, Ilmi and others posed for the shutterbugs.
Congress and AAP came down heavily on BJP, saying the incident “exposed” the government’s lack of sincerity towards cleanliness and that it showed the saffron party’s “double standards”.
Facing all-round attack, Upadhyay on his part said he was invited by India Islamic Centre for the event and that he was not aware about garbage being dumped deliberately.
Ilmi, who has been cosying up to BJP after quitting AAP, said she was not aware that garbage was dumped in the area.
An official of India Islamic Centre said sanitation workers had dumped garbage after realising that there was an event at the site as part of the Swachh Bharat initiative.
Delhi Congress chief Arvinder Singh Lovely, reacting sharply, said BJP has been misguiding people on a number of issues and the incident has “exposed” the party.
“We have been talking about the need for cleanliness in Delhi for last eight years. The BJP-ruled MCD has never taken up the issue seriously. The Prime Minister has started talking about it only now. It is only photo-op session, not more than that.
“The BJP has been exposed. You can go to any area and will find all the drains are full and overflowing. The BJP-ruled MCDs are not doing anything to ensure cleanliness,” he said.
Ridiculing BJP, AAP leader Ashutosh said the incident reflected lack of seriousness of the much-publicised Swachh Bharat initiative. He also accused the BJP-ruled MCDs of making Delhi a dirty city.
“Is it BJP’s cleanliness drive? Narendra Modi’s BJP has turned Delhi into a heap of garbage which they have not been able to clean,” he said.
When asked, a New Delhi Municipal Corporation official said the sanitation workers who littered the pavement do not belong to the agency though the area falls under it.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Satish Upadhyay Swachh Bharat Campaign
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

ECB threatened to end Irish bank fundingECB threatened to end funding unless Ireland sought bailout
Vincent Boland in Dublin and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f4ed1fa-65ac-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chemnitz back from brink on German journeyChemnitz back from brink on its German journey from east to west
Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/01341320-638a-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yemens ruling party threatens coupNovember 6, 2014 5:44 pm
Yemen tensions rise as ruling party threatens to oust president
Peter Salisbury in Sana'a
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e1513f56-65c3-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK grocers: waiting for Tesco© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/0f3f823c-65b6-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Matrix to showcase its newly launched Access Control solutions at IFSEC India 2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Draghi press conferenceRemember me on this computer
Sign in

VA chief: I cant just walk into a room and fire peopleBy Josh Hicks November 6 Follow @reporter_hicks
Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald answers questions from reporters at a breakfast Thursday. (Michael Bonfigli/The Christian Science Monitor via AP)
Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald defended his approach to cleaning house Thursday after the scheduling scandal that rocked his agency before he took office, saying his new firing authorities aren’t as broad as people might think.
Congress and President Obama this summer approved legislation to shorten the process for removing senior Department of Veterans Affairs executives after government reviews found that VA medical centers had fudged appointment data to hide treatment delays.
At a breakfast with reporters in Washington, McDonald noted that  the new law  shortened the appeal process to just a few weeks but didn’t give him authority to terminate employees without delay. (Yes, this was a McDonald breakfast, but not the kind that comes with hash browns).
“The law didn’t grant any kind of new power that would suddenly give me the ability to walk into a room and simply fire people,” he said. “Our Constitution provides for due process, and we are following the due process.”
Republican lawmakers including Sen. John McCain (Ariz.), Jeff Flake (Ariz.) and House Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller (Fla.) have accused the VA of acting too slowly to remove officials deemed to be responsible for the record-keeping scandal. Miller has also raised concerns about the agency giving executives five days advanced notice  before initiating their terminations.
The VA has said that Congress would need to pass additional legislation to stop the notices, which give employees a chance to respond to charges against them as part of civil-service protections.
McDonald on Thursday also addressed suggestions that his agency missed the deadline for issuing Veterans Choice Cards , a temporary new benefit from this summer’s VA law that allows former troops to obtain care outside the department’s hospital network if they have waited too long for an appointment or live far away from VA medical centers.
Instead of mailing all the cards out at once, the VA issued a first batch Wednesday to veterans who live at least 40 miles from the nearest agency clinic, and it plans to send out a second round of cards on Nov. 17 for those who have waited more than 30 days for an appointment.
“The law didn’t specify which cards would go out on which days,” McDonald said. “Laws generally are not that clear.”
The VA legislation says that “the Secretary shall, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, issue to each [eligible veteran] a card that may be presented to a health care provider to facilitate the receipt of care or services under this section.”
Friday is the 90-day mark, so a case could be made that the VA will have missed the deadline by the time it issues the second round of cards later this month. Agency officials have said that rushing the program could led to problems.
McDonald said he worked closely with congressional committees to determine how to best implement the program after the law was passed.
“I had separate meetings and went through the law to find out what we needed to correct,” the secretary said. “At the time, there were no ideas on how to best execute this.”
Veterans groups have offered mixed reactions to the phased rollout. In a statement Wednesday, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America expressed disappointment with the approach, calling it “another fumbled opportunity to deliver for our nation’s veterans.”
Ian DePlanque, legislative director for the American Legion, said his organization is mostly concerned about the whether the program functions properly and whether the VA explains it clearly to veterans.
“At least this is moving forward,” he said. “But I absolutely understand the frustration of people who have been waiting for more than 30 days and find out they’re not in first group. It has to be incredibly frustrating for them.”
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Drivers get a rush from text messagingBy Ashley Halsey III November 6 Follow @ashleyhalsey3rd
[USDOT]
Virtually everybody agrees that texting while driving is dangerous business, yet survey after survey reveals that the vast majority of drivers admit to doing it — at least occasionally. Now comes someone to explain why we just can’t wait.
“We compulsively check our phones because every time we get an update through text, e-mail or social media, we experience an elevation of dopamine, which is a neurochemical in the brain that makes us feel happy,” says David Greenfield, founder of the Center for Internet and Technology Addiction and an assistant clinical professor of psychiatry at the University of Connecticut School of Medicine. “If that desire for a dopamine fix leads us to check our phones while we’re driving, a simple text can turn deadly.”
Greenfield teamed up with AT&T on a new survey that yielded familiar results: 98 percent of people said texting was dangerous and 74 percent of they said they are guilty of it. Most who do it rationalize the behavior, a classic sign of addiction, Greenfield said. Almost 30 percent said they’re capable of multi-tasking behind the wheel.
“However, many objective studies show that’s not possible,” Greenfield says.
Distracted driving has been cited as the cause of 3,300 traffic deaths and 420,000 injuries each year.
The top five reasons people gave for their texting habits: a compulsive need to stay connected with others; it’s simply a habit; it’s easy to multi-task while driving; the fear of missing an important message; and driving isn’t impaired by texting. Greenfield said 61 percent of those he surveyed sleep with their cellphone under the pillow or beside the bed and that the majority felt uncomfortable when they accidentally leave their phone behind.
Ashley Halsey reports on national and local transportation.

Richer for the experienceUpdated: November 7, 2014 01:19 IST
‘Richer for the experience’
Photo: K.V. Srinivasan Eric Djemba Djemba.
TOPICS
soccer
On August 10, 2003 two players made their debut for Manchester United. One went on to win three league titles and the Champions League in six dazzling years. The other made all of 20 appearances in two years before frittering away. The careers of Cristiano Ronaldo and Eric Djemba Djemba then never crossed each others. The former went on to win awards as coveted as the FIFA Ballon d’or while the other became a typical journeyman hovering from club to club across countries.
But Djemba Djemba, the 33-year-old Cameroonian, says he has ‘no regrets’ and is richer for the experience. He shared his thoughts with The Hindu after signing for Chennaiyin FC in the Indian Super League.
Why did you choose Chennaiyin FC?
My agent talked to me first. Then I spoke to (Mikael) Silvestre and (Bernard) Mendy. Silvestre is older and has a lot of experience having played in England, France, Italy etc. So he said it’s a good team to come and play for. And greats like (Alessandro) Del Piero, Marco (Materazzi) are here. So I thought it was a great opportunity.
You have said before that you want to play till 36 or 37. Now you are 33. In that sense how will this stint help you?
I consider it as a growth opportunity. It’s important for me to play (regularly). I want continue playing till 37 or 38. I will enjoy this tournament first and then think whether to stay or move. For now I want to win this tournament.
You are known as a tough midfielder who breaks up attacks. Materazzi has played in that role in the last two matches. So what will your role be?
I haven’t discussed it yet with Marco. I am professional and play for the team. But I can sit in front of the defence and break up attacks. So, I will be happy to share that burden with him.
Tell us about the days you played with Ronaldo and Wayne Rooney.
It was great. Both were young. Cristiano was around 16 or 17. He used to live with his mother. I used to live alone. And he used to be always with me, during training and afterwards. He used to come to my house. And today he is one of the best in the world. Rooney too. He is a very tough guy and has great mentality. I am happy to see them where they are.
When you played for Manchester, you weren’t a big star one generally associates with United. How did you cope with that?
It’s part of life. I have learnt from that. When I joined Manchester I was very young. I was coming from nowhere. Roy Keane was injured then. So I played for one and half years. But when Keane came back, he had to play because he was the captain.
So I think it was a bit too early. I think I was at the right place but not at the right time. Alex Ferguson, who first signed me, met me later when I was playing in Denmark. I was 27 or 28 then and much more mature. He said, ‘I wish I could take you back’.
What are your first impressions of India?
People are friendly. When I landed in Mumbai, some Manchester fans recognised me and wished me luck. It was nice.

Boehner sets stage for battle with Obama on immigration reform  ObamacareBy Jose A. DelReal November 6 Follow jdelreal
House Speaker John Boehner and other Congressional leaders will meet with President Obama on Friday. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
House Speaker John Boehner on Thursday afternoon gave an early glimpse of the legislative priorities that will shape the Republican-controlled 114th Congress, setting the stage for two more years of ideological conflict with President Obama and the new Democratic minority.
“Finding common ground is going to be hard work but it will be even harder if the president isn’t willing to work with us,” Boehner told reporters on Capitol Hill. "I’ve told the president before, he needs to put politics aside and rebuild trust.”
The Ohio Republican spoke at length about the possibility that the president will move on immigration reform through executive action, essentially bypassing Congress on the issue in the name of expediency. Boehner warned that such actions would “poison” the president’s relationship with congressional leaders.
“I’ve made clear to the president that if he acts unilaterally, on his own, outside of his authority, he will poison the well and there will be no chance of immigration reform moving in this Congress. It is as simple as that,” he said. “When you play with matches, you take the risk of burning yourself. And he’s going to burn himself if he continues to go down this path.”
Boehner also highlighted his desire to replace and reform key components of the Affordable Care Act, stating with confidence that such measures could pass the House of Representatives during the upcoming session. Although he expressed doubt over whether a full repeal could pass the Senate — even with the GOP in the majority — he did say he believes bipartisan support exists for the repeal of several ACA provisions, such as the medical device tax and the individual mandate.
A full repeal of the law is virtually impossible without a veto-proof majority in Congress, but “just because we may not be able to get everything we want doesn’t mean we shouldn’t try to get what we can," said Boehner.
Brian Murphy contributed.

Half the stars in the universe could be stuck between galaxiesBy Rachel Feltman November 6 Follow @rachelfeltman
The Cosmic Infrared Background Experiment has detected what appears to be an infrared glow from stranded stars on large scales across the sky. This animation shows a galaxy collision, then zooms out to show a wide view of the sky, and ends on a CIBER image. (YouTube/NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory)
It's possible that galaxies just aren't all they're cracked up to be: According to a study published in Science , as many as half the stars in the sky have actually gone rogue.
Scientists observing the diffused light glow of our universe -- representing all the light produced over its entire history -- found that it couldn't be explained by the number of known galaxies, past and present. There's nearly twice as much infrared light out there as they expected to find.
Their best guess is that the extra glow comes from stars sitting between these known galaxies. “There might be people living out there, out in the middle of cold dark space, that don't have a Milky Way,” Harvey Moseley, an astrophysicist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, told Nature . Instead, there may be planets orbiting stars that sit all by their lonesome.
You can see how those stars come to live on their own in the video above. When galaxies collide, they usually combine -- but it's possible that some stars get tossed out from the mix-up. These individual stars, previously unseen to us, may fill in the gaps between galaxies as we know them.
The researcher comes from NASA's Cosmic Infrared Background Experiment (CIBER), which uses telescopes specially designed to look at this background light. CIBER was launched into space in 2010 and 2012, riding on one of NASA's small sounding rockets .
The astronomers involved in the study believe that the light they're seeing almost certainly come from modern-day sources, with the most plausible explanation being inter-galactic smatterings of individual stars. They'll need further tests to confirm that theory, and they've already sent out other sounding rockets to collect more data.
“If this is true, then there is an entire population of stars that's been sitting out there, but because they are individually so faint we can really only see them in ensemble,”  Moseley told Nature .
This artist's concept shows a view of a number of galaxies sitting in huge halos of stars. (NASA/JPL and Caltech)
A time-lapse photograph of the CIBER rocket launch. (T. Arai/University of Tokyo)
The massive galaxy cluster Abell 2744, nicknamed Pandora's Cluster, takes on a ghostly look in this Hubble Space Telescope view where the total starlight from the cluster has been artificially colored blue. (NASA/ESA/M. Montes/IAC/J. Lotz/M. Mountain/A. Koekemoer/HFF Team, STScI)
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Our amicus brief on Due Process Clause protection for property rightsBy Ilya Somin November 6
Luke Wake of the National Federation of Independent Business and I have coauthored an amicus brief urging the Supreme Court to hear the case of Kentner v. City of Sanibel. In addition to NFIB, several other organizations have signed on to the brief, including the Cato Institute, the Owners Counsel of America, and the Rutherford Institute. The petition for certiorari (which describes the facts of the case) is available here .
The main point at issue in this case is extremely simple. In the lower court opinion, the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that “there is generally no substantive due process protection for state-created property rights” And in their view, virtually all private property rights are “state-created.” The Eleventh Circuit did permit extremely minimal protection for property rights that were violated by “legislative” acts of the state, though even in these situations the level of protection is so low as to be nearly meaningless in most cases.
As we explain in the brief, this goes against the plain text of the Fourteenth Amendment’s Due Process Clause:
The Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment bans state actions that deprive individuals of “life, liberty, or property, without due process of law…” It would be truly strange if one of the three rights explicitly listed in the text of the Clause were excluded from its substantive protections. It is inconceivable that either life or liberty could be left unprotected. The same point applies to property.
Moreover, the text is at odds with the Eleventh Circuit’s arbitrary distinction between “legislative” and “executive” acts that infringe on property rights…. Section 1 of the Fourteenth Amendment indicates that “no State” is permitted to violate the Due Process Clause, regardless of which branch of state government happens to be the violator…
Courts routinely protect other rights covered by the Fourteenth Amendment against violation by all
branches of state and local government. “A State, or a city, may act as authoritatively through its
executive as through its legislative body.” Lombard v. Louisiana, 373 U.S. 267, 273 (1963). There should
be no property rights exemption from this principle.
As the brief describes in more detail, the text, original meaning, and early judicial precedent on the subject all indicate that property rights were entitled to Due Process Clause protection on the same basis as the rights to life and liberty. Modern Supreme Court precedent is more ambiguous on the subject, but still extends greater protection to property rights than is available under the Eleventh Circuit’s approach. Multiple Supreme Court decisions require that infringements on property rights must be supported by at least some evidence on the record, indicating that the restriction is needed to advance a legitimate state interest.
Several other circuits have adopted the same approach as the Eleventh, while others have been more faithful to Supreme Court precedent. The Court should step in and resolve that split, and ensure that property rights get at least some of the protection granted by the Due Process Clause. The Court need not definitively resolve the issue of exactly what standard of review applies. But it should at least indicate that property rights get at least some meaningful protection, and that they are not “generally” excluded because they are “state-created.” The rights to life and liberty can also be dismissed as “state-created” by the same reasoning, since both are extensively regulated and defined by state law.
I recognize that some conservative jurists still argue that the Due Process Clause does not provide substantive protection for any rights, including life and liberty. But that view is not only at odds with longstanding Supreme Court precedent, but is also undercut by modern scholarship on the original meaning of the Clause. Ryan Williams’ 2010 Yale Law Journal article provides a good discussion of the relevant evidence . At the very least, it is clearly inconsistent for courts to hold that life and liberty rights are entitled to extensive substantive protection under the Clause, while property rights get virtually none.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

U.S. Natural Gas Production in October Hits New High  Near 70 Bcf/d: Platts  Bentek EnergyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Draghi autocratic style stays off menuMario Draghi’s ‘autocratic’ style stays off the menu
Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a3dde322-65dc-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Three arrested for jewellersmurderPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:34 am
Three persons were arrested for the murder of a 32-year-old jeweller, Rakesh, who was shot dead by three men at his residence in East Delhi’s Shakarpur area on Monday morning.
During investigation, it was found that Rakesh’s brother Rajesh had allegedly hired two contract killers — identified as Bhupinder and Ajay — to kill his brother in order to settle a prolonged property dispute.
On November 3, Bhupinder , Ajay and Rajesh’s associate, Vinod, went to Rakesh’s house. When Rakesh opened the door, the contract killers shot him dead. The trio then fled the spot. While Vinod, Bhupinder and Ajay have been arrested, Rajesh is on the run.
“Around 9.30 am on Monday, we received a PCR call saying that a person was shot by assailants at his house. An inquiry revealed that two persons knocked on Rakesh’s door on the pretext of discussing about a property. As soon as Rakesh opened the door, the assailants came in and shot him thrice,” DCP (East) Ajay Kumar said.
Police accessed CCTV footage of the area and identified the car used by the three assailants. The registration number of the car was verified and police found that it belonged to Vinod.
“We traced Vinod’s address to Khajuri Khas area and apprehended him. Vinod runs a parking lot there. The other two were then arrested,” a police officer
Police are on the lookout for Rajesh. “We are questioning the three. Further probe is on,” the officer said.

Message for WashingtonThe current narrative, that this election was a rejection of President Obama, misses the mark.
Posted: November 7, 2014 1:31 am
By:  Frank Luntz
On election night 1994, as Republicans recaptured the House for the first time in 40 years, I stood in the audience and watched my client Newt Gingrich, who would soon become speaker of the House, declare the beginning of the “Republican revolution.” I knew immediately that the smartest man I had ever worked for was making the worst rhetorical blunder of his career. Nobody voted Republican to start a revolution. We all know what happened when Gingrich tried to turn his rhetoric into action.
Sound familiar? No one is quite saying “revolution” this week, but Republicans across the country, in their glee over Tuesday’s elections, are coming dangerously close to making the same mistake. True, there will now be more Americans under Republican representation than at any time in decades. It was a tsunami; someone needs to get the Democrats a towel. But that anti-Democrat wave was not the same as a pro-Republican endorsement. In many races that went from blue to red, Republican success was hardly because of what the GOP has achieved on Capitol Hill. In fact, if Americans could speak with one collective voice — all 310 million of them — this is what they said Tuesday night: “Washington doesn’t listen, Washington doesn’t lead and Washington doesn’t deliver.”
The current narrative, that this election was a rejection of President Obama, misses the mark. So does the idea that it was a mandate for an extreme conservative agenda. According to a survey my firm fielded on election night for the political-advocacy organisation Each American Dream, it was more important that a candidate “shake up and change the way Washington operates.” They voted out those who promised to do more in favour of those who said they would do less, but do it better. The results were less about the size of government than about making government efficient, effective and accountable.
Winning on Election Day is not the end. The question is: What can Republicans at all levels do to make this happen, and avoid repeating the mistakes of the past? First, hold Washington accountable. From the cover-ups of veterans dying while being denied care to using the IRS to target conservative groups, recent scandals highlight the chasm between hard-working taxpayers and Washington. But this also means holding your colleagues accountable. Second, make the people’s priorities your priorities. So tackle deficits and the national debt, and root out the waste and abuse of government programmes. Third, stop blustering and fighting. Don’t be afraid to work with your opponents if it means achieving real results.
This isn’t about pride of ownership regarding American progress; this is about progress, period. Americans don’t care about Democratic solutions or Republican solutions. They just want common-sense solutions that make everyday life just a little bit easier. But they can’t get their houses in order until Washington gets its own house in order.

Trilokpuri teen  who was shot  out ofICUPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:30 am
Arjun, the 15-year-old boy who was shot in the jaw during crossfire between rioters and police in the Trilokpuri clashes, is out of danger after a successful surgery.
However, his family said he is paralysed on one side. Doctors said he will be cured though the treatment will take some time.
Arjun was critical when he was admitted in a private hospital after the incident. “My son is out of danger and is recovering. He has been shifted from the ICU to a special ward in Max hospital,” Arjun’s father Ramesh said.
Arjun and his friend Ajeet were returning home from tuition classes on October 24, when they were hit by bullets that were allegedly fired by policemen to disperse rioters. Ajeet was shot in the back while Arjun took a bullet in the jaw, right outside Block 28 where they live.
Ajeet, who was admitted to GTB hospital, was declared out of danger a couple of days after the incident. However, doctors had said Arjun had a 30 per cent chance of survival.
BJP counsellor (Pushp Vihar) M Nagarajan, who has been supporting the family, said, “Police and the central government, especially the Health ministry, helped the family by bearing the cost of Arjun’s treatment. All our prayers have been with them. Arjun is recovering after the operation.”
Arjun’s mother, Malhar, had earlier told Newsline that she had witnessed an officer fire from his gun to disperse the crowd.
“Around 12 rounds were fired by police in and around Block 28. I saw one bullet hit my son and another hit his friend when they crossed over from Block 34,” she had said.

US: Silk Road sequel leads to CaliforniaarrestPrint
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:30 am
A man has been arrested for starting a spinoff version of the shuttered Silk Road website, enabling more than 100,000 people to buy and sell illegal drugs in the last year, authorities announced today.
Blake Benthall, 26, faces a conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking count that carries a potential penalty of life in prison and a mandatory minimum of 10 years in prison.
He also faces related charges after his arrest in San Francisco yesterday.
US Attorney Preet Bharara said in a statement that Benthall created “Silk Road 2.0,” a “nearly identical criminal enterprise” website, about five weeks after the government shut down the original version last year.
Authorities said the original site generated more than USD 1 billion in illicit business since 2011.
“Let’s be clear this Silk Road, in whatever form, is the road to prison,” he said. “Those looking to follow in the footsteps of alleged cybercriminals should understand that we will return as many times as necessary to shut down noxious online criminal bazaars. We don’t get tired.”
FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge George Venizelos said, “Benthall should have known that those who hide behind the keyboard will ultimately be found.”
It was not immediately clear who will represent Benthall when he appears in court in California today.
Authorities said the copycat version of Silk Road attracted about 150,000 active users since Benthall started it in December, acting as its owner and operator.
They said it generated monthly sales of at least USD 8 million as it was used by thousands of people peddling illegal drugs and other illicit goods and services to buyers worldwide.
Silk Road 2.0 appeared online only weeks after the government announced in October 2013 that it had shut down Silk Road and arrested Ross William Ulbricht.
Investigators say Ulbricht was known online as “Dread Pirate Roberts” and was Silk Road’s owner and operator. Ulbricht, who has pleaded not guilty, is awaiting a January trial in New York.

Tax secrets of little Luxembourg
Chris Christie wins cheers for Ebola quarantine of Kaci HickoxBy Aaron Blake November 6 Follow @aaronblakewp
(Mel Evans/AP)
A couple weeks back, it looked a bit like the bully had been bullied , with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) releasing nurse Kaci Hickox from a precautionary Ebola quarantine after she demanded he do so.
Turns out, the real winner here -- politically, at least -- is Chris Christie.
A new poll from Monmouth University shows New Jerseyans approve of his handling of the Ebola situation 53 percent to 27 percent -- about two-to-one. The federal government's response, by contrast, earns negative marks at 37 percent approval and 46 percent disapproval.
In addition, Christie's constituents approve 67-19 of quarantining Hickox after she landed at Newark Airport.
Where Christie gets more mixed results is in his decision to release Hickox, amid pressure, to a quarantine in her home in Maine -- a quarantine that she later flouted. Thirty-eight percent approve of Christie's decision here, while 40 percent disapprove.
At the same time, it appears Christie's tough, abundance-of-caution move to quarantine anybody like Hickox is what is driving support for him on this issue, and it reinforces the fact that -- despite cautions from the White House and experts that such moves are counter-productive -- people are very much looking for the kind of approach Christie took from their public officials.
A recent poll showed 80 percent of Americans supported the concept of some kind of quarantine . So, quelle surprise.
Of course, such serious health and public policy decisions should never be made by the will of the majority.
But for any governor thinking about going a different route than the White House -- as Christie, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D), Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn (D) and Florida Gov. Rick Scott (R) have -- Christie's example is hardly a cautionary tale.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

PRECIOUS-Gold  silver hover near multi-year lows  pausing routThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India seeks global e-commerce tax rulesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

20 ministers may be moved in PM Modi s mega Cabinet shake-up on SundayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SMEs Show Confidence in Government for Boosting Growth: IndiaMART SME Sentiment SurveyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FusionStorm Named Dell PartnerDirect Large VAR Partner of the YearThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Australias Deakin University commits Research Initiatives to support Modis Make India CampaignThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Lupin itc  my conviction is high too on the long side... although for ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

100% chances of all puts of 270 and below to become zero (0) by this e...Platinum Member
485 Followers
Reposted about 6 days 6 hrs 6 min 37 sec ago by New Boarder and 6 others
100% chances of All puts of 270 and below to become zero (0) by this expiry..if ur holding puts anyone in this counter move out

I am surprised to see such dodgy messages from long standing platinum ...58 Followers
Reposted about 25 days 11 hrs 45 min 56 sec ago by unseenvalue
I am surprised to see such dodgy messages from long standing platinum members. Marketman - do you understand Neuland labs at a detailed enough level to make price predictions? As warren says - price is what one pays and value is what one gets….
Neuland is at the cusp of a mega bull run backed by scale up of higher margin and superior products. The working and compliance against cGMP is second to none. They have an army of Phd scientist who are working on some path-breaking R&D projects and I have no hesitation to forecast that Neuland will cross 1000 mark in less than 2 years time. Don`t sell a single share…rather buy truck loads on dips and generate huge wealth in 5-10 years
In reply to : marketman message
1.47 AM Nov 7th

Uc sure ....just need to check it 5% or10%Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Watchdog to probe stranglehold of big banksChallengers press watchdog to end stranglehold of big banks
Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28261564-65c9-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Standard Chartered / Cable & Wireless Communications / promotional toysStanChart case has hatched cuckoos in the nest for New York banks
By Jonathan Guthrie
Lender is gift that keeps on giving for boss of New York Department of Financial Services
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/936e36a0-65e0-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ikea franchise arm rearranged financingIkea franchise arm rearranged financing
Vanessa Houlder and Sally Gainsbury
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/69835522-65c3-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Suicide bombing rocks WagahServer Error in '/' Application.
Runtime Error
Description: An application error occurred on the server. The current custom error settings for this application prevent the details of the application error from being viewed remotely (for security reasons). It could, however, be viewed by browsers running on the local server machine.
Details
To enable the details of this specific error message to be viewable on remote machines, please create a <customErrors> tag within a "web.config" configuration file located in the root directory of the current web application. This <customErrors> tag should then have its "mode" attribute set to "Off".
Notes
The current error page you are seeing can be replaced by a custom error page by modifying the "defaultRedirect" attribute of the application's <customErrors> configuration tag to point to a custom error page URL.

Barack Obama vows to  get the job done  with RepublicansUpdated: November 6, 2014 10:36 IST
Barack Obama vows to 'get the job done' with Republicans
AP
AP “There is no doubt that Republicans had a good night,” President Barack Obama said at the White House. File photo
VIDEO
politics
President Barack Obama and the incoming Republican Senate majority leader pledged on Wednesday to find common ground and try to overcome Washington’s chronic gridlock, while also warning of inevitable conflicts a day after sweeping Republican gains in midterm elections.
Mr. Obama said he heard the message from voters who on Tuesday put Republicans in power in the U.S. Senate and extended their majority in the House of Representatives, in a clear repudiation of the President’s leadership.
“There is no doubt that Republicans had a good night,” the President said at the White House.
Mr. Obama said he is eager to hear Republican ideas for governing together, citing trade expansion and construction of roads, bridges and other facilities as areas ripe for cooperation. Republican Senate leader Mitch McConnell, who will become the Senate majority leader when the new Congress takes over in January, also said there was potential for agreement on trade pacts.
At the same time, Mr. Obama noted, “Congress will pass some bills I cannot sign. I’m pretty sure I will take some actions that some in Congress will not like.”
Tuesday’s vote gives Republicans momentum heading into the 2016 Presidential race, which becomes the focus of American politics for the next two years. At issue now is whether Mr. Obama, congressional Democrats and the newly robust Republican majorities will be able to break the partisan fighting and legislative inaction that has gripped the U.S. capital in recent years.
Immigration, which has been seen as potential point of agreement, immediately emerged as an early irritant.
Mr. Obama said that unless Congress takes action by the end of the year, he will order a reduction in deportations of working immigrants living in the country illegally.
“It’s like waving a red flag in front of a bull to say if you guys don’t do what I want I’m going to do it on my own,” Mr. McConnell said at a news conference in Kentucky, where he won re-election.
Mr. McConnell said he spoke with Mr. Obama on Wednesday and says he looks forward to finding areas where Republicans and Democrats can agree, including rewriting the tax code.
Beyond that, he made it clear Congress will vote on legislation to approve the Keystone XL oil pipeline from Canada through the United States, and work to repeal portions of the health care law that stands as Mr. Obama’s signature domestic accomplishment. He said a tax on medical devices and a mandate for individuals to purchase health insurance are Republican targets.
Mr. Obama ruled out ending the requirement for purchasing of health care, a part of the health law Republicans repudiate as a government overreach. But he pointedly did not reject repeal of the tax, which many Democrats as well as Republicans have already signaled they are ready to jettison.
Republicans are also expected to mount a major attack on federal deficits.
With lawmakers planning to return to Washington next week, Mr. Obama invited congressional leaders to a meeting Friday.
Mr. Obama could use the President’s veto power if Republicans pass bills he opposes, such as a repeal of the health care law. Overriding a Presidential veto requires a two-thirds vote in each chamber of Congress, an unlikely scenario.
Mr. McConnell has been a severe critic of Mr. Obama, but has also helped broker bipartisan deals that ended last year’s government shutdown and twice averted federal default.
Mr. McConnell, 72 and famously taciturn, smiled and joked with reporters one day after the fulfilment of a lifelong dream. He and House Speaker John Boehner will have the authority to set the congressional agenda.
In an op-ed for Thursday’s editions of The Wall Street Journal, Mr. McConnell and Mr. Boehner made their case for a Republican legislative agenda aimed at jobs and the economy. Their list of priorities for the 114th Congress included addressing the tax code, terrorism, school choice, government regulations, the national debt and other longtime targets that Republicans have been unable to strike during the Mr. Obama administration.
Republicans picked up at least seven Senate seats, giving them at least 52 in the 100-member Senate. They could gain two more in uncalled races in Alaska and Virginia, and a third in Louisiana, which headed for a Dec. 6 runoff.
Republicans had made Mr. Obama’s presidency the core issue of their campaigns, even though he wasn’t on the ballot. They tapped into a well of discouragement at a time many Americans are upset with a sluggish economic recovery and are besieged by troubling news, such as the spread of Ebola and the rapid rise of Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria.
Nearly two-thirds of voters interviewed after casting ballots said the U.S. was seriously on the wrong track. Only about 30 per cent said the U.S. was headed in the right direction.
In the House, Republicans were on track to meet or exceed the 246 seats they held during Democrat President Harry S. Truman’s administration more than 60 years ago.

Hiding under corpses: Tribesmen in Iraq recount escape from ISISprint
Muhammed Hilal and about 100 other members of Iraq's Albu Nimr tribe felt safe hiding from Islamic State militants in tall grass -- until the headlights of dozens of cars exposed them.
"We know you are there, traitors," militants shouted, before opening fire on the tribesmen who had fought them for weeks. Most died. Some were taken prisoner.
Shot in the arm and leg, Hilal survived, after smothering himself in blood and playing dead under corpses as the militants beat the wounded and called them "scum", he said.
Hilal says he spotted more bodies, including children and the elderly, dumped on the roadside as he fled the scene after hours of hiding beneath the dead.
"I'm waiting for my family. I have no way of reaching them. Their cellphones are switched off and I'm powerless to do anything," Hilal told Reuters by telephone from Haditha, a town under the control of Iraqi forces and tribal fighters but still vulnerable to attack from nearby Islamic State militants.
Many other members of the tribe face that same uncertainty after Islamic State executed hundreds to punish the tribe that had fought back.
After seizing the tribe's main village, Islamic State militants combed the area for those who had set out on foot hoping to escape the wrath of a group notorious for beheading or shooting dead anyone opposed to their ultra-hardline ideology.
The killings raised new concerns about Iraq's ability to defeat Islamic State, which swept through northern Iraq in June, meeting little resistance from the US-trained army.
The Shi'ite-led government of Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi wants Sunni tribes like Albu Nimr, which once helped the United States defeat al Qaeda in Anbar, to back government forces fighting Islamic State.
But tribal leaders say the government ignored repeated pleas for help as Islamic State pushed through Anbar, a vast desert province that includes the Sunni tribe-dominated towns in the Euphrates River valley running from the Syrian border to the western outskirts of Baghdad.
Surrender
Islamic State was on the march in Anbar even before it seized much of northern Iraq, coming ever closer to Baghdad as part of its ambition to redraw the map of the Middle East.
It is now encircling the province's largest air base, Ain al-Asad, and the vital Haditha dam on the Euphrates.
The carnage appears to have been carefully planned. Before Islamic State took the village of Zauiyat Albu Nimr, the insurgents planted informants who eventually handed over the names of fighters, tribal members said.
"On the night that they entered the village, the army retreated from the front line and they were evacuated. This left us with no ammunition and only fighters from the villages so we had to surrender," said shopowner Haji Rudaif.
He, like many villagers, escaped with just the clothes on their backs. Some took the highway to the town of Hit, making the fatal mistake of believing promises of safe havens made by Islamic State.
That is where the bloodletting began with 35 executions. Others, like tribal fighter Abu Ibtisam, 50, walked for about 6 km (4 miles) to a desert area west of Hit after militants took their gold and cash, ripping the jewellery off his daughter's neck.
At an Islamic State checkpoint, one militant took powdered milk from his wife and tossed it in the dirt -- she frantically tried to collect it but was pushed back, he said. After robbing them they let them go free.
"One of them said that even our children don't deserve to live because they will grow up one day and fight them back," said Abu Ibtisam.
Like other tribesmen, he doubts an alliance with the government can be built.
In this file photo, Islamic State militants are seen after placing their group's flag on a hilltop at the eastern side of the town of Kobani, Syria. (AP Photo)
"The government paid no attention to us no matter what happened, if we knew that things would have turned this way then I wouldn't have fought," said Abu Ibtisam.
"I would have left the village with my family and my money, gold and dignity and not suffered these hardships. I regret having fought against Islamic State because I have gained nothing."
The accounts could not be independently confirmed. Islamic State tactics are clear -- take over territory, eliminated anyone who stands in the way and try to run the area like a state. It has declared a caliphate in parts of Iraq and Syria.
No time to mourn
After members of the tribe scattered, tribal fighter Majid Ouda and two cousins headed for the desert where they hid for five days, surviving on dates and dirty water from a lake.
Whenever cellphone coverage was available, he  called his mother. One day she was frantic. His 13-year-old brother Mohammed was taken away along with others by Islamic State.
"I told my mother not to worry since he's practically a child and he didn't even participate in the fighting," said Ouda.
"My family called me a day later when I reached the an army emplacement and told me that my brother and 47 more students were killed in the roundabout of Hit. They killed him because I'm a policeman."
The Albu Nimr were seen as some of the fiercest fighters in Iraq, not just Anbar. During the U.S. occupation after the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003, they took on Islamic State's predecessor in Iraq, al Qaeda, which specialised mostly in hit and run attacks and suicide bombings.
Equipped with more funds and weapons seized from defeated Iraqi troops, Islamic State will almost certainly keep inflicting more punishment on any tribes that challenge them.
In this file photo, Iraqi security forces inspect the bodies of militants from the Islamic State group after clashes, in Jurf al-Sakhar, south of Baghdad, Iraq. (AP Photo)
The Albu Nimr are still counting their casualties. Hamdan al-Nimrawy, aide to one of the tribe's leaders, said the death toll has reached 540 with many people still missing.
The gruelling journey to escape was too much for some. Abu Takaa and his family of seven slept behind a sand dune in the desert to avoid detection. His wife became so dehydrated that she could no longer breast-feed her infant, he said.
"My youngest passed away. But his mother kept holding on to him and would not let go even after two days," he said.
There was no time to mourn, fearing that Islamic State was on their trail. "We buried the child there and we entrusted nomads with his grave and moved on."

Rajinikanth should not enter politics: TNCC chiefpolitical development
Newly-appointed Tamil Nadu Congress chief E.V.K.S Elangovan on Thursday said actor Rajinikanth should not enter politics.
“Rajinikanth should not come to politics at all. This is my opinion. He has fans in all political parties. He is widely respected by the Tamil Nadu people,” Mr. Elangovan told PTI.
The actor, who came out in support of erstwhile Tamil Maanila Congress (TMC) floated by G.K. Vasan’s father G.K. Moopanar in 1996, should not confine himself to a small circle, he said.
Mr. Elangovan, however, added, “All citizens who are committed to secularism, including Rajinikanth, are welcome to join Congress.”
Mr. Vasan, who broke away from the Congress last week to chart his own course in the State, too has reportedly sought the support of the actor, whose backing to the TMC at the height of anti-AIADMK campaign on the corruption plank helped it emerge victor in the 1996 elections in alliance with DMK.
When Moopanar founded the TMC in 1996 after quitting Congress, Mr. Rajinikanth had appealed to the people to vote for the DMK and its allies including the Tamil Maanila Congress by saying that, “even God cannot save Tamil Nadu if Jayalalithaa is voted back to power”.
Since then, there has been speculation and demands from political parties urging him to join their respective outfits.
Asked if he would try to align with DMDK in the 2016 Assembly polls, the TNCC chief said, “He (Vijayakant) is a good friend of mine and the DMDK chief too has a lot of respect for Congress party leaders.”

India celebrates Guru Nanak jayantiTweet
The illuminated Gurudwara Bangla Sahib on the eve of the 545th birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Devji in New Delhi. (Sonu Mehta/ HT Photo)
President Pranab Mukherjee paying his respect to Guru Nanak Devji during Gurbani Recital at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi. (PTI Photo)
Young Sikhs demonstrate their Gatka martial art skills during a procession from Sri Akal Takhat to the Golden Temple in Amritsar on the eve of the 545th birth anniversary of Sri Guru Nanak Dev. (AFP Photo)
Sikh devotees lead a 'Nagar Kirtan' during a religious procession at Golden Temple in Amritsar. (PTI Photo)
A small kid serves langar at Gurdwara Sri Guru Singh Sabha in Model Town in Jalandhar. (Pardeep Pandit/ HT Photo)
Garodiya Nagar Ghatkopar in Mumbai. (Vijayanand Gupta/ HT Photo)
A priest sits behind the Sikh holy book during a 'Jalau', a splendour show of Sikhism's symbolic items, inside the Golden Temple in Amritsar. (AFP Photo)
A devotee takes a holy dip in the sarover on the occasion of Guru Nanak Dev Jayanti at Golden temple in Amritsar. (PTI Photo)
Advertisement

China: Blue skies  temporary free internet in APEC honourprint
China has not only cleared the smog over Beijing for the high-profile Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting but as an apparent gesture of generosity towards it foreign guests, it has also temporarily lifted the ban on social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter besides allowing access to Google and Gmail.
In all, Beijing is putting its best foot forward for the meeting that will see US President Barack Obama, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Japanese PM, Shinzo Abe gather in the city.
Of course, Chinese authorities have earlier lifted such bans at international conferences; in APEC’s case, it was evident, that free internet was only available at the media centre where Chinese and international media have gathered to cover the event.
The APEC summit started in Beijing on Thursday and runs through Tuesday. The top leaders' meetings are slated for Monday and Tuesday.
What is expected at APEC?
For one, an anti-corruption statement will be included in the concluding documents of APEC, Alan Bollard, executive director of the APEC Secretariat, said at a press conference on Thursday.
Bollard said the idea was to establish a group “which could get the enforcement agencies together across the APEC region and allow them to pass on the information on particular cases with one another.”
Discussions will also be held on setting up of the Free Trade Area of the Asia-Pacific (FTAAP), officials said.
Focus will be on streamlining connectivity development between the 21 member countries, economic reform and development rooted in innovation.
Broadly, officials said the major thrust areas of the summit will be on advancing regional economic integration and strengthening “comprehensive development in infrastructure and connectivity”.
But if its serious work for the leaders of 21 countries over the next few days, millions of  residents from Beijing and its suburbs are getting a six-day holiday as the government shuts down the city to ensure pollution-free days and smooth traffic.

Tap Into Consciousness to Discover Business Opportunitiesreddit
In my last article, " The New Wealth Mindset for Conscious Entrepreneurs ," I discussed how your mindset determines the business opportunities you are able to see.  Your mindset is founded on what you believe to be true about yourself, your business, and the world.  We explored nine beliefs that empower you to see the world as full of expansive business opportunities that your company can leverage to make a powerful positive difference.
In this article, we'll look at three types of consciousness that enable you to hone in on the best business opportunities for your company - the ones that will best leverage the value your business provides to your customers into larger profits..  These three types of consciousness are awareness consciousness, visionary consciousness, and social consciousness.  Each of these is a powerful lens through which you can evaluate opportunities.
You have 3 Types of Consciousness
Let's begin with awareness consciousness.  This first type of consciousness helps you awaken to what is true now, what changes you want to make, and how best to achieve them.  How many of your business decisions come from reactions based on fear rather than well-reasoned decisions based on accurately observing your business, your customers, and market conditions?  Awareness consciousness helps you see "what is," so you can make sound choices rather than getting caught up in knee-jerk reactions.
Such reactions result from getting lost in the mundane details and momentary events in your business rather than becoming aware of more important factors. Awareness consciousness helps you answer your important questions. These include: What systems do you need; who will make the best team members; what values and rules will best serve your people and your business growth? What are your customer's big issues, problems, needs, and desires?  How can you best meet those concerns?
For example, Southwest Airline's mission is to make traveling an enjoyable experience for their customers.  How did they become aware of what that would mean to their customers? They surveyed travelers to discover their pet peeves--baggage and flight change fees, customer service rudeness, and high fares--and addressed all of them.  As a result, they have tremendous customer loyalty and 41 consecutive years of profitability.
Turn Awareness Into Profits
In fact, their business is based on "a triple bottom line approach that takes into account the carrier's performance and productivity, the importance of its people and the communities it serves, and its commitment to efficiency and the planet." Now that's a sustainable business model.
Next is visionary consciousness.  This second type of consciousness allows you to tap into higher states of intuition and become aware of expanded possibilities. These include ways you can innovate and develop new products.  Utilize this type of consciousness to connect with a bigger mind--in which you access levels of information in the universal field of consciousness.
From Visionary Consciousness to Innovation
Now, if that sounds "out there" to you, consider that all great innovations in history have come from those who are willing to let go of perceived limits and expand into what "might be." Visionary consciousness asks the question "What If?"  When you ask "What if?", then follow it with "How might that happen?", and enlist others in your visionary exercise, you never know what can come into being.
Think of some of the greatest innovations and achievements in the past 100 years alone--movies, radios, TV, the Internet, air travel, space travel, personal computers, cellphones, lasers, MRIs, genetic sequencing, alternative energy technologies. . .  All of these began as an idea in visionary consciousness and led to many people collaborating together to create a new reality.
Which brings us to social consciousness.  This third type of consciousness helps you understand the needs of others and our society, including the communities in which we live, the places where we work, and our natural environment.  In our increasingly socially-conscious world, some of our best business opportunities come from providing solutions to the great problems of our times.
In turn, the solutions to the bigger social problems meet the needs of others, communities, societies, and the whole planet.  Indeed, at some level, every action and innovation has a global effect--affecting everyone everywhere. How? Every thought, action, and change sends out ripples that affect the whole of humanity - the entirety of our planet.
Unfortunately, many of our innovations and products have not taken this "global effect" into account--and we live with unintended consequences such as inequalities, suffering, and pollution that affect us all.  Because of those consequences, a new conscious entrepreneur is arising who is more socially concerned and aware.
Become a social change-agent
The social entrepreneur combines a profit motive with a desire to solve social issues such as reducing pollution, providing clean air and water, promoting the economic well-being of the impoverished, and promoting healthier lifestyles.  These entrepreneurs are social change agents who seek to make the world a better place through the activities of their businesses.
By seeking to solve the bigger social problems of our time, you will begin to see more opportunities that you might not have seen without looking through the lens of social consciousness.
For example, you could ask "How can our company educate the youth of our community through our business?  How can we partner with charities?  How can we make our production process more efficient and more eco-friendly?  How can we adapt what we do to address the greater needs of our planet?"
All of this requires that you expand your consciousness to take in what is happening in the larger communities and the world outside of your business.  This can lead to you to seeing the best business opportunities that not only expand your business, but at the same time, improve our world.
Imagine Your Possibilities
So, what would happen if you used awareness consciousness in your business to identify the needs of your customers, to see how well you are meeting those needs, and to see what changes you need to make?
What would happen if you used visionary consciousness to ask "what if" and expand beyond "what is right now" to see what "might be" and how your company can be a part of that?
And, what if you used social consciousness to understand the impact of your business operations on others, society, and the whole planet, so you use your operations to make the world a better place?
By combining all three types of consciousness, you will discover countless business opportunities that would help your business expand and thrive beyond your wildest dreams.  I'd love to hear how your company is doing that. Please leave a comment below.
Follow J V Crum III on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jvcrum
Connect on LinkedIN: www.linkedin.com/in/jvcrum/
Follow J V Crum III on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jvcrum
More:

Hospira profit soars  despite loss of drug exclusivityHospira profit soars despite loss of drug exclusivity
Hospira
Hospira profit soars even as it loses exclusivity on its injectable sedative, Precedex
Akorn reports a loss in third quarter
Horizon reports a profit and increases its net sales guidance for 2014, 2015
Lake Forest-based drugmaker Hospira's profit skyrocketed in the third quarter compared with the same period a year earlier, mainly because of the sale of its clinical surveillance software business, Theradoc.
Net income rose to $158.6 million, or 92 cents per share, in the third quarter ended Sept. 30 from $1.9 million, or 1 cent per share, a year earlier. The Theradoc sale brought in $106.3 million.
The company also handily beat analysts' estimates as the company raised prices and sold more of its injectables, which rose 16.7 percent and accounted for about 55 percent of total sales.
Hospira's shares closed at $56.63, up nearly 7 percent.
The company also raised the lower end of its full-year adjusted earnings forecast to $2.40 per share from $2.30. The top end of the range was unchanged at $2.50.
"An open question is the contribution of Precedex in its final quarter as stand-alone, but otherwise these results are certainly a positive surprise," Bernstein Research analyst Aaron Gal wrote in a note.
The company's performance in the third quarter was closely watched by investors because its injectable sedative, Precedex, faced generic drug competition for the first time. Precedex accounted for 11 percent of Hospira's global net sales of $4.1 billion in 2013. The real impact of the loss of exclusivity with Precedex will be felt next quarter, because of increased wholesaler stocking in late September, CEO Michael Ball said on a conference call with analysts.
Chief Financial Officer Thomas Werner said fourth-quarter earnings will probably be down year-over-year because of the loss of Precedex exclusivity.
0
"I know many of you are focused on the genericization of Precedex and what this means for 2015 specifically," Ball said. "We knew this was an eventuality, we prepared for (the) Precedex loss of exclusivity in part with our premix formulation which many customers have valued and adopted and in part with all the other activities that are coming to fruition such as new product launches (and) continued strength in our base generics business."
"At the end of the day, what I'd like you to take away is that while Precedex has been a nice financial driver for us especially over the last couple of years it is not one of our longer-term strategic drivers and we have a lot of growth drivers," such as an increasing focus on biosimilars, he said.
On an adjusted basis, Hospira earned 74 cents per share, beating the average analyst estimate of 53 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters.
Two other pharmaceutical companies reported earnings on Thursday as well:
Horizon Pharma, based in Ireland with North American headquarters in Deerfield, reported a profit of $2.06 million — a gain of 2 cents per share — compared with a loss of $5.49 million, or 8 cents per share, a year earlier. Total sales were also up from $24.1 million to $75.1 million.
Horizon increased its guidance on net sales because of strong expectations from a drug it acquired in September, Actimmune, and a recent acquisition of another drug, Pennsaid. For 2014, it increased its projection by $10 million to a range of $280 million to $290 million. It increased its 2015 projected net sales by $45 million, to a range of $425 million to $450 million.
Lake Forest-based Akorn reported a net loss of $11.65 million for the quarter, or a loss of 11 cents per share, compared with a gain of $12.21 million, or a gain of 11 cents per share in the third quarter last year. Sales for Akorn were up $50.84 million from a year earlier.
Shares in Horizon Pharma closed at $13.26, up 7 percent, while shares in Akorn closed at $37.88, down 9 percent.
Reuters contributed.

Airlines expect more travelers around ThanksgivingAirlines expect more travelers around Thanksgiving
Thanksgiving travel
Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune
Travelers line up to check in at American Airlines at O'Hare International Airport on Wednesday, Nov. 27, 2013.
Travelers line up to check in at American Airlines at O'Hare International Airport on Wednesday, Nov. 27, 2013. (Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune)
Holiday air travel to rise despite Ebola fears
Airline profits won't necessarily mean lower fares
The U.S. airline industry expects a slight uptick in the number of travelers flying during the busy Thanksgiving holiday period this year, unaffected by Ebola fears, according to Airlines for America, an industry trade organization.
0
Meanwhile, the airlines' new robust profitability, driven in part by lower fuel prices, is on pace to be the highest since 1999 but won't necessarily translate to lower fares as carriers plow money back into their companies, according to an economist with the airline association who Thursday reviewed the group's Thanksgiving forecast and industry's third-quarter profitability.
During the Thanksgiving holiday period, 24.6 million passengers are expected to travel on American carriers, up 1.5 percent over last year, according to Airlines for America.
O'Hare International Airport is expected to be the third-most traveled airport, after airports in Atlanta and Los Angeles.
The busiest travel day during the holiday — and for the year — will be the Sunday after Thanksgiving as many travelers return from holiday visits. The lightest travel days will be Thanksgiving Day and Black Friday.
About 10 percent of air travelers will be flying internationally.
Concerns over Ebola have not hampered demand, said the group's chief economist John Heimlich, adding that the West African countries hit hard by the disease are not large air-traffic markets.
"It does not seem to be affecting the psyche of the American public," he said. "People are traveling in force."
Airlines are in a period of broad profitability.
So far this year, the nine largest U.S. carriers reported profits of $6.8 billion, resulting in a profit margin of 5.7 percent, a level not seen since 1999, Heimlich said.
Fuel accounted for 34 percent of airline costs, but prices have been relatively low recently. That doesn't mean fares will be dropping, he said.
"We don't really hear people clamoring for lower prices on cheeseburgers when the price of beef comes down or lower prices of iPhones when the price of semiconductors goes down," he said.
Instead, airlines will be reinvesting the money.
"Fiscal responsibility and customer reinvestment are the themes that are driving the industry right now," Heimlich said. "The first priority is to make sure you have strong financial health, can pay down your bills and invest in the future and weather the next recession."
Improving financial health enables airlines to add new aircraft and routes, expand schedules, update airport gate areas and lounges, and add onboard Wi-Fi, he said.
Chicago-based Orbitz Worldwide pegs Thanksgiving airfares as rising 2 percent, Christmas fares up 5 percent and New Year's fares, which have crossover with Christmas flying, at 3 percent higher.

http://twitter.com/Disne...
German Government Heeds Call to Increase SpendingAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Taylor Swift is why Democrats lost the Senate  says Carrie Underwood 
Is Taylor Swift to blame for Democrats’ poor midterm performance? (Reuters/Lucas Jackson/Files)
Theories abound about why Democrats did so poorly in Tuesday’s midterms. Turnout? Bad candidates? Bad luck?
Move over, pundits, country music superstars Carrie Underwood and Brad Paisley have a theory: It’s all about Taylor Swift.
Here’s their logic: The pair, who hosted Wednesday night’s Country Music Awards , were joking during the ceremony about an epidemic called “Post-Partum Taylor Swift Disorder,” a condition apparently brought on by the singer ditching her country roots for a more pop sound.
“President Obama does not care about PPTSD,” Paisley noted gravely.
And then Underwood piped up with some astute political analysis. “I’m pretty sure that’s why the Democrats lost the Senate,” she said.
Unsurprisingly, the crowd howled.
Cue the calls from cable TV bookers…
Read more Reliable Source: 

Is Job Hunting During the Holidays a Waste of Timereddit
In a word, NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooo!
Many, if not most, job seekers take the end of the year "off" from their job hunting. There are a lot more fun things to do than job hunt, and it just "feels like" no one is hiring over the holidays.  So, why not relax, and then hit the ground running on January 1 or 2 or whenever the bowl games are over?
Two Excellent Reasons NOT to Stop Job Hunting at Year End!
There are many reasons not to stop your job hunt during the last months and weeks of the year!  But these two definitely stand out:
1.  Employers ARE hiring at year's end.
And, not just for "holiday jobs."
Usually, more people are hired in November and December than are hired in January.  Here's the most recent data for the USA from the U.S. Department of Labor's JOLTS reports:
4,529,000 hires - November, 2013
4,578,000 hires - December, 2013
4,535,000 hires - January, 2014
Notice that January hires were only 6,000 greater than November hires, and more than 40,000 less that December hires!
Isn't that interesting!
Regardless of the time of the year, employers have work that needs to be done.  Certainly, in the USA, many employers, particularly in retail, need more people during the holidays, but that spike is usually covered by hiring in September and October.
In addition:
Many employers want to be "ramped up" for the new year, with the staffing levels at 100%.
In many organizations,  budget dollars that aren't used before the end of the fiscal year (often December 31) are not available for the new fiscal year.  So they want to fill those jobs before the budgets evaporate.
The year-end holiday period is the calm before the storm that is the January job market.
2.  You have LESS competition at year's end!
Because so many job seekers slack off during the end of the year, for the holidays or just because they have more to do in their personal lives, fewer job seekers go after every job.  Which means less competition for most jobs.  And that should translate into less competition for you and the jobs you want, even in normally highly competitive fields.
So, don't wait for the January tsunami of job seekers to hit the job market.  Continue your job search now!
Need Holiday Job Search Tips?
Anne Fisher, long-time career columnist for FORTUNE, has reviewed the book and likes it a great deal.  See her Thanksgiving week column: Why the Holidays Are the Best Time to Find a New Job .
These tips will help you all year long, but they will definitely help you leverage the holiday season for your job search with advice on things like answering tough (or annoying) questions at holiday parties, smart holiday party preparation, reaching employers during the holiday, using the holidays to expand your network, and much MUCH more.
More on job hunting during the holidays:

US Navy SEAL  who shot Osama bin Laden  unmaskedUS Navy SEAL, who shot al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden, goes public
PTI
print
A decorated ex-Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill has been unmasked as the man who pumped three shots to the head of elusive al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden during a top-secret 2011 raid on his hideout in Pakistan.
(A picture of former US Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill, who pumped three shots into al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden. (Twitter Photo))
O'Neill, 38, is the SEAL Team Six member who fired the three shots to the head of the al Qaeda leader during the raid, according to SOFREP, a website dedicated to military news.
He grew up in Montana mining town and is now facing possible legal action for giving out the tightly held secret.
He is expected to reveal himself during a two-part Fox News TV special next week.
O'Neill was one of 23 SEALS who flew into the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad on the night of May 2, but the last to see bin Laden alive.
It had previously been unclear precisely how the terrorist leader was killed and how many servicemen had been involved in his death.
O'Neill, who is married with children, was last year interviewed by Esquire magazine, which did not publish his name. He told how he joined the army at the age of 19 as a reaction to his then-girlfriend leaving him.
His exploits have already been portrayed on the big screen in the action flicks "Zero Dark Thirty", "Captain Phillips" and "Lone Survivor."
O'Neill served more than a dozen tours of duty in active combat, including Iraq and Afghanistan, undertaking 400 separate combat missions.
For his service he has been decorated 52 times, up to the level of senior chief petty officer before he left. He was awarded two Silver Stars -- the military's third highest honour -- as well as four Bronze Stars.
It has been reported that his decision to speak out was prompted by losing some of his military benefits by quitting the SEALs after 16 years rather than completing a full 20 years of service.
Earlier, the elite US Navy SEALs were warned against betraying their promise to maintain secrecy and not speak to the media to gain "public notoriety and financial gain".
The October 31 letter from Admiral Brian Losey specifies that the warning holds even after a mission is over, and it scolds those seeking public credit.
The admonition was seemingly directed both at Matt Bissonnette -- who revealed his role in the 2011 bin Laden mission with "60 Minutes" -- and at O'Neill at the centre of the upcoming Fox News documentary.

Twitter stock: A disappointing first yearEMAIL
Getty Images
Twitter (TWTR) sold shares to investors exactly one year ago today — and it’s been disappointing lesson for most regular investors. Privileged investors are up big on Twitter – but most everyone else found out how expensive hype can be.
Back on Nov. 6, 2013, Twitter sold 70 million shares of its stock to initial investors at $26 a share. These first investors — typically high-net worth investors and large mutual funds — are sitting pretty. Shares are up 58% from the initial price.
But here’s the problem. Most common investors couldn’t get shares at that offering price. Instead, many waiting for the lucky investors to sell and bought at the first-day closing price of $40.37 on Nov. 7, 2013. These investors are up just 2% during that time, while the Standard & Poor’s 500 is up 16%. #oops
Twitter is a reminder of the harsh reality of IPOs — by the time you can actually buy shares it’s often too late to make money. The rush of investors to buy overhyped stocks drives the price up — leading to disappointing future returns. Privileged investors get the shares at the attractive offering price — and then sell — locking in their gains while regular investors chase the shares on the open and often wind up overpaying for them.
What’s even more confusing for investors is that the company has performed admirably. Revenue during the September quarter has more than doubled from the same year-ago period to $361 million. And the company has met or topped quarterly earnings expectations four out of the past five quarter, says S&P Capital IQ.
But the problem is losses have also widened. The company reported a net loss of $176 million during the September quarter, much deeper than its $64.6 million loss in the September quarter a year ago.
Perhaps Twitter shares will redeem themselves – now that much of the hype is gone. Analysts have an average 18-month price target on the stock of $52.07. If the analysts are right, that would be a 27% upside.

India ride on Rayudu hundred  cruise to 6 wkt win against LankaRayudu's maiden ODI ton steers India to 6 wkt win against Lanka
PTI
print
Ambati Rayudu slammed his maiden hundred as India produced yet another comprehensive batting performance to beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in the second One Day International, in Ahmedabad on Thursday. India now lead five-match series 2-0.
Batting first, Sri Lanka scored 274 for eight in stipulated 50 overs with skipper Angelo Mathews scoring 92. In reply, India never looked in any sort of trouble as they chased down the target with minimum fuss in only 44.3 overs.
With Virat Kohli promoting him at No 3, the 29-year-old Rayudu justified his skipper's faith scoring an unbeaten 121 off 118 balls with the help of 10 fours and four sixes in an innings that was paced perfectly.
He shared two fruitful partnerships off 122 runs for the second wicket with Shikhar Dhawan (79) and 116 for the third wicket with Kohli (49) as 'Men In Blue' again made the inexperienced Sri Lankan bowling attack look pedestrian.
Fittingly enough, it was Rayudu, who finished the match with an inside out boundary off leggie Seekkuge Prasanna.
Ambati Rayudu celebrates his century  during 2nd one day cricket international match between India and Sri Lanka  at Sardar Patel Stadium, Motera in Ahmedabad. (Photo by Kunal Patil/ Hindustan Times)
With this century, 29-year-old Rayudu became the fourth oldest Indian batsman to score his maiden ton in ODIs after Sunil Gavaskar, Mohinder Amarnath and Robin Singh.
Growing in confidence after reaching his half century, Rayudu lofted Dhammika Prasad for his third six when in the 80s, then confidently smote off spinner Suraj Randiv for another maximum in his 90s before reaching the coveted landmark with a single to square leg.
Rayudu's previous highest was 64 not out made in England at Nottingham in August as he showed a lot of maturity during his innings.
Having taken two catches and also effected a run-out, Rayudu deservingly won the man-of-the-match award.
The Guntur-born batsman first steadied the ship after the cheap dismissal of Ajinkya Rahane to stitch the first century stand with Dhawan, whose 79 off 80 balls was laced with 1 six and 7 fours.
The two teams now head to Hyderabad for the third match of the series to be played on November 9.

Barack Obama writes to Iran supreme leader secretly  saysreportObama has secretly written to Iran's supreme leader to discuss cooperation in the fight against Islamic militants.
By: Agence-France Presse | Washington | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:48 am
US President Barack Obama has secretly written to Iran’s supreme leader to discuss possible cooperation in the fight against Islamic militants providing there is a nuclear deal, a US daily reported today.
Obama sent the letter last month to Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and described what he called a “shared fight” against the Sunni militant Islamic State group, the Wall Street Journal said, citing “people briefed on the correspondence.”
Iran, a Shiite Muslim state, and the United States have not had diplomatic ties since the 1979 storming of the American embassy in Tehran and the 444-day hostage crisis.
But there has been a growing recognition that Iran – still dubbed by Washington a state sponsor of terrorism – could play a role in helping to restore stability in countries such as Iraq and Syria.
Refusing to deny or confirm the report, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said: “I’m not in a position to discuss private correspondence between the president and any world leader.”
Iran and the United States are currently negotiating a complex deal to rein in Iranian nuclear ambitions in exchange for an easing of crippling international sanctions against the Islamic republic.
Earnest repeated that on the sidelines of those talks, being led by a group of powers known as the P5+1, Iran and the US had discussed the threat of the militants.
But he reiterated the US stand that “the United States will not cooperate militarily with Iran in that effort, we won’t share intelligence with them.”
In his letter, Obama reportedly stressed to Khamenei that any cooperation in fighting IS militants would depend on reaching a comprehensive nuclear deal, as a November 24 deadline looms.
The Journal said it was believed to be the fourth letter from Obama to Khamenei since the American leader took office in 2009. US officials told the paper that the Iranian leader has never responded personally to the overtures.
Many of Washington’s regional allies, including Israel as well as Saudi Arabia, have been wary of the US administration bid to engage Iran diplomatically, and the Journal’s sources said the White House did not tell those countries in advance of Obama’s letter.
US Secretary of State John Kerry will on Sunday meet with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif as well as EU foreign policy chief Cathy Ashton in Oman, for a fresh round of nuclear talks.
They will meet in Muscat, which hosted secret Iran-US talks in 2012, widely credited for bringing Tehran back to the nuclear negotiations.

PMs first gift to Varanasi today  many more tofollowBoating on the Ganga in Varanasi, a day ahead of Narendra Modi’s visit. (Source: Express photo by Vishal Srivastav)
Written by Lalmani Verma | Varanasi | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:40 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 1:41 am
On Friday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be in Varanasi for the first time since the constituency elected him, bringing with him the first of many gifts it has been promised since he decided to contest from here. He will lay the foundation for a Trade and Crafts Felicitation Centre for weavers, a community that comprises mostly Muslims.
After decades of neglect of its ghats, farmer and weaver communities, and civic amenities, Varanasi has of late been the focus of attention from the Centre as well as the state government. Visits by other central leaders have preceded Modi’s, all keen to fulfil his promises for Varanasi and the Ganga.
Uma Bharti, Minister for River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation, was here on Tuesday to inspect the ghats and an incomplete sewage treatment plant. She met Jal Nigam officials to discuss cleaning of the Ganga.
A week earlier, a parliamentary committee headed by Kairana MP Hukum Singh had visited the same sites and discussed solid waste management. Union Minister for Small Industries Kalraj Mishra recently held various meetings as well as a workshop of such industries, promising them support.
There also was Minister of State for Railways Manoj Sinha along with top railway officials. They toured the Cantonment, Manduadeeh, Varanasi Junction, City and Kashi stations and reportedly plan to remodel these at an estimated Rs 225 crore.
The Ministry of Urban Development has drafted an action agenda for integrated development. This was after secretary to the Government of India Sudhir Krishna visited Varanasi on June 20 and 21.
Plans include reviving an outer ring road project first visualised during the previous NDA regime, and extending the runway at Babatpur airport 20 km from Varanasi. The four-lane ring road will be 60 km long, the radius 8 to 10 km. “We have started talks with the state government on land acquisition,” said Khushwant Singh, regional officer of National Highways Authority of India in UP.
The runway is being extended with an eye on tourism. The Centre also plans to develop Babatpur, Sarnath, Mughalarai, Shivpur, Cholapur and Kashi as satellite towns with upgraded transport.
“The ministry is exploring the possibility of running a Metro rail and DMRC has done a preliminary survey,” said the ministry’s secretary, Shankar Aggarwal, who discussed possible projects with mayor Ram Gopal Mohle, BJP MLAs and municipal officials at a meeting in Delhi.
The action agenda calls for recycling of waste water for non-potable use. The city generates 300 million litres waste water and sewage every day, and treats only about 100 MLD, with nothing recycled. The ministry has planned decentralised, standalone recycling plants of capacity 1 to 2 MLD, each at Rs 2 to 3 crore.
Varanasi also generates 600 tonnes municipal solid waste daily. The ministry has again suggested decentralised recycling continued…

Illegal Bangladeshis a matter of national concern  sayscourtPrint
Written by Kaunain Sherrif | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:37 am
A Delhi court, while awarding life sentence to a Bangladesh national in a murder case, expressed concerns over illegal immigration of Bangladeshis and termed it a matter of “national concern”.
The court sentenced to Mohd Khairul to life in prison and said Bangladeshi “influx” has become a major challenge requiring government intervention as they are not only enjoying all benefits at the cost of the citizens, but the country has become a haven for all “criminal elements”.
“While the genuine citizens of this country continue to suffer in abject poverty, what prevents a firm, resolute, intense government action against three crore Bangladeshis staying illegally in India,” Additional Sessions Judge Kamini Lau said.
The court observed that criminals of Bangladeshi origin took advantage of “porous borders” and crossed over regularly. They then went back with “loot and booty”.
“It is the citizens of this country who have the first right to its resources…they come, plunder and go and this has become a regular affair having a definite crime pattern,” Judge Lau said.
“In a nation fragmenting under economic, religious, caste, ethnic divides, these criminals find it very easy to make a place for themselves by conveniently integrating with the local population…,” the court said while awarding the sentence.
Lau said, “This serious issue requires government intervention, political debate, honest deliberations and concerted action, before it becomes a little too late.”
Khairul was convicted of murdering one Abdul Sattar, 25, who was allegedly having an affair with his wife. The court also imposed a fine of Rs 1,02,000 on Khairul and said Rs 1 lakh be given to Abdul’s family as compensation.

HC de-seals borewell at GymkhanaClubPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:36 am
Giving interim relief to the Gymkhana Club, the Delhi High Court directed de-sealing of one of the four borewells in the club. The wells were sealed by the authorities for being at a distance of less than 150 metres from one another.
The club, as per its petition, has been operating five borewells in two clusters — one cluster of three and another of two just 200 metres away.
Justice Vibhu Bakhru said since the Sub Divisional Magistrate (SDM), Chanakyapuri, had allowed one borewell in the first cluster to be operated, another from the second cluster can also be permitted to be used for the club’s water requirement. The court clarified that the permission was an interim measure. The case will now come up for hearing on November 13.
The court also sought the response of the Delhi Pollution Control Committee and North corporation on the club’s plea challenging the SDM’s November 1 order directing sealing of four of its five wells, which have been operational since 1970.
Plea in HC wants AAP derecognised
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court has issued notice to the Election Commission and Aam Aadmi Party national convenor Arvind Kejriwal to respond to a plea seeking de-recognition of the party on the grounds that “forged documents” were used at the time of its registration.
The court notice came on a plea filed by Janraajya Party, an unrecognised political party, alleging that two of the 100 members, who had filed affidavits as AAP members for the party’s registration, were part of the Janraajya party.
Counsel for Janraajya Party told the court that the party had filed a complaint before the EC, but the poll panel informed the petitioner that since the matter involves a criminal offence of forgery, it would not initiate any action until police completes its investigation.
The plea has also sought necessary directions to the SHO of the police station concerned to register an FIR against the accused persons for criminal conspiracy, cheating and using forged documents as genuine ones.

20 ministers may be moved in PM Narendra Modis mega Cabinet shake-up on SundayComments
About 20 cabinet ministers and ministers of state (MoS) are likely to be sworn in at a function at Rashtrapati Bhawan on Sunday afternoon in a significant revamp of Narendra Modi's ruling team.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
The Prime Minister is set to expand his 44-member strong council of ministers by inducting new faces, promoting junior ministers and reshuffling the portfolios of many others.  Government sources said that the reshuffled team would likely be unveiled at 1.30pm on Sunday, two days before Modi leaves on a three-nation, 10-day tour. President Pranab Mukherjee , who will swear the ministers in, returns on Saturday from a trip to Bhutan.
The man tipped by many to become India's new defence minister, Manohar Parrikar, all but confirmed that he would be making the move to Delhi. Parrikar, who is chief minister of Goa, flew back to Panaji after meeting Modi and BJP president Amit Shah in Delhi, and told reporters: "I am not comfortable, I have too much affection towards the state. But rationality tells me if nation requires your services, I should take it. Whenever Goa wants my services, I will be there," he said.
Parrikar said that the BJP leadership had told him to accept an assignment at the Centre if it were offered.
"It is the prerogative of the Prime Minister. However, I would like to inform that the party has indicated to me that if such assignment comes, you should accept it,” he said.
Sources at Rashtrapati Bhavan said that the list of ministers to be sworn in is yet to be handed over but confirmed that Modi and Mukherjee had held a half hour discussion at the presidential palace.
BJP's largest ally, the Shiv Sena, is set to get to more berths. Sena sources said that the party may get one MoS with independent charge and another MoS portfolio. The Sena currently has one minister in the cabinet, Anant Geete, who is likely to retain the heavy industries portfolio.
Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu, who is tipped to get a portfolio, remained tight-lipped. Asked if he was being inducted in the Cabinet, Prabhu, who is the PM's sherpa for the upcoming G20 Summit, joked, "That should be on the G20 agenda!”
BJP vice president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, former finance minister Yashwant Sinha’s son Jayant Sinha, Haryana leader Birender Singh, Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, Himachal Pradesh leaders JP Nadda or Anurag Thakur, Bhumihar leaders from Bihar Giriraj Singh or Bhola Singh and a couple of others are in contention for ministerial slots.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu, whose Telugu Desam Party is a BJP ally, also indicated that an expansion of the cabinet was on the cards. "You will know details about the Cabinet expansion in two days," said Naidu, who had walked off stage for a few minutes during an interview at the World Economic Forum's India summit to attend a phone call from somebody he declined to identify. His party currently has one ministry and may get one more.
Parrikar, who led BJP to victory in the 2012 assembly polls in his state, said he was not comfortable about having to shift to the Centre.
"One reservation (about moving to Delhi) is because I have been elected for a five-year term with a popular mandate. My feeling is unless I complete the term it is not right on my part to leave mid-way. If I get an offer from the Prime Minister, then I will let you know what are my reasons for accepting the offer," he said.
Parrikar said he would be meeting BJP MLAs on Friday to brief them about developments. He, however, refused to say anything about who would be his successor. "There are many issues in deciding the successor... his capacity to deliver and to take everyone along. That is the party's internal assessment," he said. State assembly Speaker Rajendra Arlekar, deputy chief minister Francis D'Souza and union minister Sripad Yesso Naik are seen as contenders for the CM’s post.
 

Naval vessel sinks off Visakhapatnam harbour  1 dead  4 missingOne dead, 4 missing as naval vessel sinks off Visakhapatnam coast
PTI  Visakhapatnam/New Delhi, November 06, 2014
First Published: 22:59 IST(6/11/2014) | Last Updated: 11:08 IST(7/11/2014)
Comments
A Torpedo Recovery Vessel of Indian Navy on Thursday sunk off the Visakhapatnam coast during a naval exercise killing one sailor while four others went missing. 23 people have been rescued and a search and rescue operation was launched for the missing. At the time of the incident which occurred at 8pm, there were 28 personnel on board.
"The vessel was on a routine mission to recover torpedoes fired by fleet ships during a routine exercise, when it experienced flooding in one of its compartments," the Navy said. "One sailor has lost his life during the rescue operation and four personnel are reported missing.
23 personnel have been rescued safely by the Search and Rescue (SAR) ships dispatched to the area," Navy said in a statement issued in Delhi. Navy officials said the flooding happened when the vessel was on its way back after collecting the "dummy" torpedo that was used in the exercise.
"The incident happened within 10-15 kms off Vizag post," a Navy spokesperson said in Visakhapatnam. The boat sunk because of "some flooding", he said.
The Torpedo Recovery Vessel (TRV) is an auxiliary vessel which is used to recover practice torpedoes fired by fleet ships and submarines. The ship, which is 23 meters long and 6.5 meters at the beam, was built by Goa Shipyard in 1983 and has served the Indian Navy for the last 31 years.
The accident is one of the many that the Navy has witnessed over the last year. Navy chief Admiral R K Dhowan took over as the Chief of the Naval Staff on April 17 this year, after his predecessor D K Joshi quit following a series of accidents.
Admiral Joshi's resignation came immediately after a fire on the INS Sindhuratna, which left two sailors dead. On October 31, INS Kora suffered minor damage after it was scraped by a merchant vessel near Visakhapatnam.

The businessman for whom politics is ahobbyHe has countered that it is Mayawati who takes Rs 50 lakh for a ticket to a reserved assembly constituency and Rs 1 crore for that to a general one.
Written by Ramendra Singh | Lucknow | Posted: November 7, 2014 2:16 am
Akhilesh Das takes pride in talking about his 18 years in the Rajya Sabha and having been MoS for steel in UPA-I; he has also been mayor of Lucknow and held many posts in the Congress for over two decades. Yet, he adds, “Politics is not my profession. It is my hobby.”
He has friends across parties and been a member of two; he quit the BSP Monday. This has been followed by an exchange of bribery allegations with party chief Mayawati, who has alleged he had offered the party Rs 100 crore for a renomination to the Rajya Sabha. He has countered that it is Mayawati who takes Rs 50 lakh for a ticket to a reserved assembly constituency and Rs 1 crore for that to a general one.
“I am feeling relieved,” he tells The Indian Express. He will take a break from his “hobby”. “This week, I will go to Peru and once I return. I will sit with supporters and friends before taking a decision on joining any party.”
Son of former UP chief minister Banarasi Das, Akhilesh, 53, is a businessman with stakes in real estate, educational institutions and media besides an interest in sports and politics. A former badminton player, he is chairman of Badminton Association of India and a regular at tournaments. His educational institutions include management, engineering, medical and even a university named after his father in Lucknow and other cities. He has stakes in a Hindi and an Urdu newspapers published from Lucknow.
His Rajya Sabha profile describes his profession as “educationist, business and publisher”. “Yes, I am a businessman. I do business, so what is wrong in it?” This was in reference to Mayawati’s remark that he was too involved in his business.
He has friends in the Samajwadi Party too. A BSP leader said it was Mulayam Singh Yadav who helped him become the Congress’s mayor in Lucknow in 1993. Nominated by the Congress to the Rajya Sabha in 1996, he was made the minister of state in 2006. Dropped in 2008, he quit the Congress attacking a “coterie around Rahul Gandhi”. Now, he says the resignation letter was drafted at Mayawati’s home and at her behest.
Mayawati inducted him at a rally in Lucknow and named him the party’s national general secretary. Tasked to woo his Vaishya community, he became Akhilesh Das Gupta. He tells The Indian Express, though, that he has never practised the politics of any one community.
In 2008, the party fielded him from Lucknow, where he lost, and sent him to the Rajya Sabha. His relations with the BSP soured since 2012, when the party fell out of power. At one stage, he praised the new CMO’s complaint redress mechanism. At a badminton championship last winter, Akhilesh Yadav accompanied him at continued…

US House leader warns Obama: Dont go solo onimmigrationJohn Boehner cautioned US President Barack Obama not to act unilaterally to change the immigration system.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 7, 2014 2:13 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 2:17 am
The leader of the House of Representatives on Thursday sketched out an agenda for the new Republican-led Congress, promising approval of an oil pipeline from Canada and changes in President Barack Obama’s health care law while issuing a warning on immigration.
In his first postelection news conference, John Boehner cautioned Obama not to act unilaterally to change the immigration system, saying it would poison the well in terms of trying to pass legislation over the next two years on the issue.
Obama reiterated Wednesday his vow to act unilaterally before year’s end to reduce the number of deportations and grant work permits to millions of immigrants illegally in the United States, prompting a stinging rebuke from Boehner.
“When you play with matches, you run the risk of burning yourself, and he’s going to burn himself if he continues to go down this path,” Boehner told reporters.
The Republicans’ resounding victory in Tuesday’s midterm elections – the party regained control of the Senate and expanded their majority in the House – gives them an opportunity to push legislation that’s been bottled up in the Democratic Senate.
Boehner, working in tandem with Senator Mitch McConnell, the next majority leader, said Congress would act on some 40 jobs bills that have bipartisan support as well as on approving the Keystone XL pipeline. Boehner said that finding common ground with the administration will be hard work, but it will be even harder if Obama is unwilling to work with Republicans.
He highlighted Obama’s comments Wednesday at the president’s White House news conference and said they were not helpful.
Bipartisan, comprehensive immigration legislation that the Senate passed in June 2013 remains stalled in the House.
“What I’m not going to do is just wait,” Obama said Wednesday as he spoke of taking executive action.
Obama, with just two years left to shape his presidential legacy, did say he saw openings for cooperation.
Republicans, for their part, have said that they have to show they can govern in the next two years.
“We now have the votes and we have the ability to call the agenda, so stop name-calling and let’s actually produce some legislation that helps jobs and the economy and moves our country forward,” Republican Republican Jason Chaffetz said in an interview. “I think the country has figured that out and they’ve given us the mandate to do it and we better produce, or they’ll kick us out too.”
House Republicans are counting on McConnell to move ahead on the dozens of jobs bills that the House has passed but remain stalled in the Senate. They also are counting on a swift vote early next year on building the Keystone pipeline to carry crude oil from Canada to refineries along the US Gulf Coast now that Republicans clearly have the numbers in the Senate.

Sonia  Rahul ask TN Cong leaders to worktogetherPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 2:10 am
Days after the Congress suffered a split in Tamil Nadu with the exit of G K Vasan, Congress president Sonia Gandhi and vice-president Rahul Gandhi met the party’s top leadership from the state on Thursday.
Sources said that both Sonia and Rahul asked the 13 leaders, comprising the likes of P Chidambaram and new TNCC president E V K S Elangovan, to work together and put an end to groupism. In fact, sources said many of the leaders on their own told Sonia and Rahul that they would put an end to factonalism.
The Tamil Nadu leadership appeared reluctant to acknowledge the impact of Vasan’s exit, and told Sonia and Rahul that his leaving would not weaken the party. Senior leaders, however, admitted that the party was at dire straits in Tamil Nadu. Vasan continues to be popular among the cadre and two of the party’s five MLAs are expected to join Vasan once he formally launches his new outfit.

Parrikar  close enough to criticise riots and still have ModistrustPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Chief Minister of Goa Manohar Parrikar during a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday.
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:50 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 9:36 am
A chief minister helping an elderly woman cross the street may be a rare sight in India, but it is quite a familiar one in Goa. Manohar Parrikkar does that often. Goans have also become familiar with seeing him drive to the market and park his car, or walk into a restaurant without security and pay the bill.
Alongside the unassuming nature, however, is also the image of an organised taskmaster, which will make BJP leaders wary now that Parrikkar is set to become Minister for Defence. Besides, he is so close to Prime Minister Narendra Modi that he could afford once to describe the Gujarat riots as bad, though he did defend Modi simultaneously.
BJP leaders say there is a lot about Parrikar, 58, that Modi likes — he is a technocrat with an RSS background, is quick with decisions, and has a reputation for not sharing much with his cabinet colleagues. For his part, Parrikar takes credit for having projected Modi as prime minister in the first place.
He was the first BJP chief minister who had publicly said Modi should be the face of the BJP in the elections. In a “Walk the Talk” programme with Shekhar Gupta in June 2013, Parrikar said, “If we delay it (pitch Modi as PM) any more, it will be too late. I didn’t do it earlier because I thought there was time for the party to decide but if they went from this executive without deciding, it would be another three months before they decide…”
In the same interview, he said the riots were an administrative failure but defended Modi citing his inexperience. “What happened was definitely bad. Being new, he probably did not know how to take a grip on the administration. Unluckily, with all the emotionally surcharged atmosphere that was created…(the situation) went out of control… Police down the line got polarised. The chief minister doesn’t direct the police constable.” Parrikar had added, “But after that, he has not displayed a single incident of non-governance.”
According to a senior BJP leader, Parrikkar’s candidness pleased Modi and “earned” his respect too. Rohan Khaunte, an independent MLA in Goa, referring to the chief minister’s closeness with Modi, once called him a “parallel prime minister”. It was this closeness that had triggered speculation that Parrikkar would be in Modi’s first cabinet as home minister.
Parrikar graduated in metallurgical engineering from IIT Bombay in 1978 and joined the BJP a decade later. A former RSS activist, he became chief minister in 2000. He is an avid reader and movie fan who enjoys fish and loves cricket. One union minister describes him as “a true Goan, nothing frustrates him”.

Amazon Introduces Voice-Recognition ServiceAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Bullish Christmas selling season
More people should get access to what Lena Dunham has had: support and benefit of the doubt.By Alyssa Rosenberg November 6 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Lena Dunham signs a copy of her book ‘Not That Kind Of Girl’ in London last week. (Stuart C. Wilson/Getty Images)
Since the premiere of “Girls” in 2012, Lena Dunham’s critics and fans have scrapped over artistic topics, including pop culture’s treatment of race and the precise algorithm of family money and personal talent that produced the success of the much-debated actress, director and showrunner. Now, with the publication of Dunham’s memoir “ Not That Kind of Girl ,” they have moved on to graver topics: whether passages in it ought to be considered descriptions of sexual abuse.
I respect the pain of people who see echoes of their own abuse in Dunham’s writing. But some of Dunham’s critics are using the book to argue that more children and families should be treated with automatic suspicion. A better solution would be to muster the resources that would let us extend the benefit of the doubt to more children, and to help their parents monitor and mold their developing senses of right and wrong.
The debates have focused on three passages in the book. In one, Dunham describes inspecting her sister’s vagina when Dunham was 7 and her sister, Grace, was 1. In another, she acknowledges masturbating while Grace slept in her bed. (The girls’ ages at this time are unclear, though Grace slept in Dunham’s bed until Dunham was 17.) And in a third, Dunham describes her efforts to get Grace to love her, including bribing her younger sister to accept kisses from her. “Basically, anything a sexual predator might do to woo a small suburban girl I was trying,” Dunham writes, in a line that read to me as a clear joke.
In a cover story at National Review , Kevin Williamson, a frequent Dunham critic, argues that this childhood behavior is “the sort of thing that gets children taken away from non-millionaire families without Andover pedigrees and Manhattanite social connections.”
This is a powerful framing. Frustrations about Dunham’s privilege crop up among observers across the political spectrum, and Williamson leverages them here to suggest that the best way to take possible child sexual abuse seriously is to treat affluent white families more like less-affluent or less privileged people, including families of color.
Williamson is so disgusted by Dunham’s parents that he does not bother to engage with ways to reduce child sexual abuse that have nothing to do with increased use of child protective services.
Families less privileged than Dunham’s might benefit not from greater police intervention into families like Dunham’s but from access to more resources, such as the therapy Dunham has written about extensively. And Williamson avoids a discussion about the extent to which other families encounter suspicion, rather than support from authorities, including teachers and the police, as they work to set boundaries for their children. Keeping children safe does not necessarily require that we turn their peers into tiny criminals.
“I think a lot of times, adults will interpret the actions and behavior of children with an adult lens,” Laura Palumbo, a prevention campaign specialist at the National Sexual Violence Resource Center, told me. “So when you’re applying that adult lens, sometimes we can really overanalyze. I would never want to dismiss people taking action when they notice red flags, but a lot of time, children are behaving in very developmentally appropriate ways when they are curious about their own bodies and the bodies of other people.”
This does not mean that adults should abdicate responsibility to think critically and carefully about what they learn and observe. But, Palumbo argued, “There’s such a value in parents being proactive, but also not to assume the worst in any situation, and to both give the space to sort of see the full context of a situation, and no matter what, see it as a learning opportunity and an educational moment.” ( Carolyn Edgar makes the same sensible suggestion in Salon .)
The same principles apply to questions of creative freedom. The writer Roxane Gay points out, writing from a point on the political spectrum as distant from Kevin Williamson as it is possible to be , that “It’s f—– up that the margin of error for white women is far greater than it is for people of color, queer people, and transgender people.”
Or, as the humorist Luvvie put it , “A Black woman could not have written what Lena did. She would not have the space to argue context. She would not have anyone championing her. She would certainly not be given some benefit of the doubt about childhood exploration because Black people’s innocence is often denied, even when we’re 7. Our kids are tried as adults in the court of public opinion and in the court of law.”
If I were an artist, I would hate to make that sort of calculation, as I’m sure women like the installation artist Kara Walker , whose provocative works address issues of sex and race , do. And this frightening math carries with it real loss, measured in the circumscribed lives of children who are treated as criminal by default and in the missed opportunities the rest of us have to hear the stories and see the art that are rendered impossible to tell and to make because of centuries of suspicion and stigma .
I want to hear them. And I want to believe, as a matter of politics and as of art, that we can continue to make progress in getting everyone access to many of the same things that Lena Dunham benefits from, including the benefit of the doubt.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Want company this Thanksgiving Visit an airportBy Ashley Halsey III November 6 Follow @ashleyhalsey3rd
(Paul J. Richards/AFP/Getty Images)
Thanksgiving is the big travel weekend, and a forecast out Thursday says 24.6 million people will pass through the nation’s airports during the 12-day period wrapped around turkey day.
The trade group Airlines for America said the projection is a slight increase over last year, adding about 31,000 passengers per day. The number of daily passengers will range from 1.36 million to 2.61 million, with the busiest days, ranked in order, likely to be Sunday, Nov. 30; Monday, Dec. 1; and Wednesday, Nov. 26. The lightest travel days are Thursday, Nov. 27, and Friday, Nov. 28.
“An expanding U.S. economy, rising personal incomes, employment growth and lower energy prices are driving growth in demand,” said John Heimlich, the group’s economist.
Ashley Halsey reports on national and local transportation.

Immigration Border Crisis
Gas Hasn t Been This Cheap In Nearly Four YearsGas Hasn't Been This Cheap In Nearly Four Years
Posted:
reddit
Gas prices always go down in the fall, but usually not this much.
At 56 percent of the nation’s gas stations, the price of gas is now under $3 per gallon, according to Michael Green, a spokesman for AAA, an auto club federation. AAA collects information on gas prices from consumers who use between 80,000 - 100,000 different U.S. gas stations every day, Green said.
This is a huge change from a year ago, Green said, when only 11 percent of stations were selling unleaded fuel for less than $3. Gas hasn't been this cheap in nearly four years , AAA said in a statement on Monday.
Gas prices always fall in the autumn, as colder temperatures mean fewer people go on road and boat trips, said Patrick DeHaan, a senior petroleum analyst at GasBuddy, a website that lets people share information about gas prices.
Yet today's prices are way down even when compared with previous seasonal lows, as this graphic shows:
The low cost of gas could be a boon for the U.S. economy : spending less to fill up their tanks means Americans have more disposable income going into the holiday season. U.S. households save $120 for every 10 cent drop in the price of gas , the New York Times reported earlier this month, citing GasBuddy's Tom Kloza.
There are a few reasons why gas is cheaper this fall than in previous years. For one thing, crude-oil prices have tumbled recently as investors fear that a global economic slowdown could weaken demand .
When the price of oil falls, the price of gasoline falls, too. Experts say the price of oil makes up about two-thirds of the price of gas. Other factors, such as taxes and refining and distribution costs, also play a role in determining the cost of a gallon of gas.
In many places in America, gas is even cheaper than $3 a gallon:
(U.S. gas price heat map courtesy of GasBuddy )
Oil prices are also falling because major OPEC oil producers Saudi Arabia, Iraq and Iran chose to slash prices earlier this fall, DeHaan told The Huffington Post.
Analysts have speculated that Saudi Arabia, which produces more oil than any other OPEC member, wants to increase its share of the market.
“If there’s a landlord who sells all his houses for greatly under value, it causes the whole market to tank,” DeHaan said. “That’s what’s happening with oil. The Saudis are basically flooding the market with cheaper oil, and that’s putting a huge amount of downward pressure on oil prices.”
One more reason gas is so cheap, according to DeHaan: The U.S. is sucking more and more oil out of the ground than at any time since the 1980s. “So we have all these sources of new crude oil in the U.S., and that’s adding to the global oil supply, which naturally pushes prices down,” he said.
More:

Tribune Publishing completes purchase of Sun-Times...1
Chicago-based Tribune Publishing, which includes the Chicago Tribune, Los Angeles Times and eight other daily newspapers, was spun off from Tribune Media in August.
Speculation that the Chicago Tribune's parent was looking to buy the Sun-Times' suburban papers surfaced last week. The blueprint for such a move has been in place since veteran magazine executive Griffin took the helm of Tribune Publishing this year.
Griffin has said strategic acquisitions such as the May purchase of two Maryland newspapers — The Capital in Annapolis and the Carroll County Times, expanding the reach of the company's Baltimore Sun — would be part of a larger plan to reverse years of declining revenues across the newspaper group.
The acquisition of the Sun-Times suburban newspapers dovetails with that broader strategy, with some market-specific efficiencies baked in.
"It allows us to leverage this very big infrastructure that we have here in Chicago, from virtually every angle," Griffin said. "Not only are we leveraging the resources, but we're leveraging the management teams."
The Chicago Tribune already prints and distributes the Chicago Sun-Times and its former suburban newspapers. In August 2013, the Sun-Times executed cancellation clauses terminating the separate printing and distribution deals, which pay the Tribune about $70 million per year, according to sources. The printing cancellation was effective in May, with the distribution deal to end the following year.
The new agreement will keep the Sun-Times as a commercial client, while taking over printing and distribution for Tribune's newly acquired suburban papers at cost, making them potentially more profitable as well, according to executives.
"It really is our opportunity to grow," said Tony Hunter, publisher and CEO of the Chicago Tribune Media Group. "It's also exciting to establish a new long-term relationship with the Chicago Sun-Times and to ink the print and distribution deal."
Fleck has served as executive vice president of advertising for Tribune Publishing since January. Previously, he headed up advertising for the Chicago Tribune Media Group.
As part of his new role, Fleck also will oversee TribLocal, a 7-year-old hyperlocal platform offering suburban news through websites and weekly inserts integrated into the Chicago Tribune. Fleck sees TribLocal and the suburban newspapers as complementary products, but did not outline a specific plan for maximizing the relationship.
"We believe there is synergy that can happen to make all the products better," Fleck said.
Suburban newspapers in the Sun-Times Media portfolio total about 70,000 in daily circulation, according to the semiannual report released Tuesday by the Alliance for Audited Media.
Wrapports, an investment group led by technology entrepreneur Michael Ferro, acquired Sun-Times Media for about $20 million in December 2011. That purchase included the flagship paper, seven suburban dailies and 32 weekly newspapers.
In March 2013, Sun-Times Media laid off  longtime suburban editors and staffers to consolidate operations in its downtown Chicago offices. Sun-Times Media agreed to sell the assets of the Joliet-Herald News to Dixon, Ill.-based Shaw Media in December.
Friday's agreement to buy the full suburban portfolio was intertwined with the printing deal, and to some extent, put the Tribune and the Sun-Times on the same page, according to Brad Bulkley, president of Dallas-based Bulkley Capital, which represented Wrapports in the transaction.
"No matter what they paid for the suburban newspapers, it was important that the Tribune maintain profitability and the print and distribution contract," Bulkley said. "And from our point of view, it was important that it be a sound economic deal for us going forward for the Sun-Times, and I think we accomplished that on both ends."
Sun-Times editorial staffers will come over as union employees, and the Tribune will assume the collective bargaining agreement with the Chicago Newspaper Guild, according to Hunter.
On Friday, Ferro said shedding the suburban newspapers will allow the company to focus on its core Chicago newspaper, and its newly launched Sun-Times Network, which will aggregate news content on 70 localized websites across the U.S.
Those sites will be led by Tim Landon, who co-founded careerbuilder.com and cars.com.
"This transaction allows Wrapports to focus on our international digital strategy and to financially strengthen the Chicago Sun-Times," Ferro said in a statement.
With Tribune Publishing acquiring adjacent properties in two of its eight core markets, another logical opportunity may exist in Los Angeles, where earlier this month the Los Angeles Times sued the struggling Orange County Register for breach of contract and failure to pay more than $2 million in delivery fees. While Griffin would not discuss whether other deals were in the works, he remained open to the possibilities.
"We don't project forward, but you can see by our actions that if these opportunities present themselves and there's a deal to be done on favorable terms, we're engaged," Griffin said.

Argo Tea launches app that allows customers to order  pay from phone0
While baristas answer questions, regulars often have to deal with the frustration of being stuck behind a new customer.
“You can pre-order on your phone anything you want for any day, any hour, and come to the store, skipping the line with the convenience of an online order,” Avakian said.
The app will also speed things up for customers who haven’t ordered ahead.
Argo’s old loyalty system involved a traditional plastic card, which meant customers would have to retrieve that and a means of payment while in line. In the new system, customers place their orders with the barista and scan an in-app QR code, paying and racking up rewards with a single action.
Customers who prefer to go analog can add a dedicated QR-code sticker to their loyalty card. The code stores loyalty and credit card information. Avakian said a future app update would integrate Apple Pay.
Select cafes in Chicago, New York and Boston accept pre-orders and offer a scan-to-pay options. The app is available worldwide for customers looking for where they can buy bottled Argo tea drinks or to view the menu.
Avakian acknowledges that Starbucks paved the way for mobile payments in coffee and tea stores.
“Clearly Starbucks has been a great pioneer of technology and great driver in adopting technology for mobile payments,” Avakian said. “We’re a beneficiary of the fact that they’ve educated the masses, the huge customer base that we share.”
But Avakian thinks Argo has the edge with the pre-ordering functionality. Starbucks reportedly is testing mobile ordering in select markets and last month announced it would roll out food and drink delivery in the second half of 2015.
Argo’s rewards program is also getting an overhaul. In the past, loyal customers received a free drink after buying 10. The new program is tiered, offering incentives to new members — including a $5 credit — and more valuable rewards to the most frequent visitors.
“Airline companies have done this really well,” Avakian said. He modeled the four-tier program after frequent-flier programs.
The lowest tier offers free Wi-Fi and special offers through the app, while the highest level earns the customer free lunch, select Argo products, a $5 credit after 10 visits, $1 off purchases before 9 a.m. and a free birthday drink. For the first time, customers can redeem loyalty credit for any purchase, not just drinks.
Avakian said Argo is late to introduce a mobile app, in part because cost was previously a barrier for the 11-year-old company. Now, with 40 locations across the U.S. and Middle East, he said he hopes the investment will get more customers on board.

Bharti Airtel calls off Rs. 700-crore deal to acquire Loop Mobilecompany information
Bharti Airtel had planned to buy Loop’s assets in February, but the deal did not get regulatory approvals.
As many as 30 lakh customers in Mumbai might be left in the lurch after Bharti Airtel did not renew its agreement to buy Loop Mobile due to delay in permission from the Department of Telecom (DoT).
Bharti Telecom was supposed to purchase the crises-hit Loop Mobile’s Mumbai network but the definitive agreement signed between the two expired on October 30 and was not renewed leading to the Rs. 700-crore deal falling through.
Only four weeks are left for Loop’s licence to expire and sources said the reason was “the issue being stuck for approval with the DoT”.
Loop has been facing problems on many fronts beginning with its Dubai-based Khaitan family getting embroiled in the 2G scam and its promoter I.P. Khaitan was also questioned by the CBI. Besides, the company is contesting DoT slapping a notice for Rs. 800 crore in dues.
An industry insider pointed out this is the second time under the new government the DoT has taken inordinate time to give formal approvals. It had not allocated frequency to half a dozen telecom operators who had won it as far back as February and even made the payments. Vodafone’s ultimatum to the government earlier this month played a part in the frequencies being farmed out soon after.
In this case, he felt, it was too late to do anything if Bharti Airtel stuck to its decision not to renew the definitive agreement for sale signed with Loop.
DoT officials directly responsible for the processing could not be reached but another official felt the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India’s observations led to circumspection. Trai had objected to the migration of Loop’s subscribers to Airtel on grounds that the compulsory transfer of customers will break the rules on number portability which advocate voluntary migration.
In addition, for each migration, the recipient company has to pay the one per cent of the porting fee to the Government. This case becomes a bit odd because no porting fees is being charged from the customers. This means that on paper, the government does not get anything from the migration.
If Bharti sticks to its decision, lenders to Loop will be affected, mainly Axis Bank which had quarterbacked a Rs. 350-crore deal and has an exposure of Rs. 215 crore.
PTI adds:
Airtel shares down 3%
Shares of Bharti Airtel fell by nearly 3 per cent after the company called off its plans to acquire business and assets of Loop Mobile.
Stocks of the telecom major fell by 2.70 per cent to settle at Rs 385.30 on the BSE. During the day, it lost 3.33 per cent to Rs 382.80.
At the NSE, it was down 2.29 per cent to end at Rs 386.70.

Eurozone economy still  limping alongUpdated: November 5, 2014 17:23 IST
Eurozone economy still 'limping along'
AP
Further evidence emerged on Wednesday to suggest the 18-country eurozone is more likely to sink back into recession than stage a strong rebound, adding pressure on the European Central Bank to enact a further stimulus in the months ahead.
For now, the picture remains uninspiring, at best.
Though the monthly purchasing managers’ index a broad gauge of business activity from financial information company Markit rose 0.1 percentage points in October to 52.1, the index still points to very modest growth. Anything above 50 indicates expansion.
“The eurozone PMI makes for grim reading, painting a picture of an economy that is limping along and more likely to take a turn for the worse than spring back into life,” said Chris Williamson, Markit’s chief economist.
Consumers already appear to be under pressure if separate figures from the European Union’s statistics agency, Eurostat, are anything to go by.
Eurostat found eurozone retail sales slumped 1.3 percent in September, with powerhouse economy Germany even posting a 3.2 percent collapse.
Some sort of fall had been anticipated for the eurozone following August’s 0.9 percent rise, but the scale of it was a disappointment the consensus in the markets was for a more modest 0.7 percent decline.
“Today’s data provided more evidence that the eurozone economy remained very weak in the third quarter,” said Sarah Pemberton, European economist at Capital Economics. “What’s more, there are few early indications of an improvement in Q4, putting additional pressure on the ECB to provide more policy support.”

Bruce Rauner  political rookie  rises to claim governorshipBruce Rauner, political rookie, rises to claim governorship
Caption Rauner visits Pilsen
Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner visits Nuevo Leon Bakery on Sunday in Pilsen.
Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner visits Nuevo Leon Bakery on Sunday in Pilsen. (Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Bruce Rauner
Armando L. Sanchez, Chicago Tribune
Governor-elect Bruce Rauner takes a photo with Alison Daley, 34, of Peoria while meeting with supporters at the Barrack's Banquet Center, in Peoria, Ill.
Governor-elect Bruce Rauner takes a photo with Alison Daley, 34, of Peoria while meeting with supporters at the Barrack's Banquet Center, in Peoria, Ill. (Armando L. Sanchez, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Bruce Rauner
Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune
Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner and his wife, Diana, talk with supporters Friday at Barrack's Banquet Center in Peoria, Ill.
Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner and his wife, Diana, talk with supporters Friday at Barrack's Banquet Center in Peoria, Ill. (Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Rauner declares victory
Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune
Republican candidate for governor Bruce Rauner declares victory at Rauner's election night celebration at the Chicago Hilton and Towers.
Republican candidate for governor Bruce Rauner declares victory at Rauner's election night celebration at the Chicago Hilton and Towers. (Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune)
Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune
Bruce Rauner claims victory in the race for governor of Illinois on election night.
Bruce Rauner claims victory in the race for governor of Illinois on election night. (Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune)
Rauner vows to "go right to work" despite lack of Quinn concession
Rauner claims win and promises "new direction"
As the first Republican to claim victory in an Illinois governor election in 16 years, Bruce Rauner is poised to  fulfill at least one of his campaign promises — shaking up Springfield.
“Are you ready for a new direction? Are you ready to bring back Illinois?” Rauner asked supporters late Tuesday night. This election is about bringing back our great state.”
Even as Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn vowed not to concede until all votes were counted, Rauner moved forward. A dozen years of one-party Democratic rule would come to an end if he’s sworn in Jan. 12 --- Republicans would hold the governor’s mansion, even as Democrats retained supermajorities in the House and Senate.
Caption Time lapse: Bruce Rauner election night party
A time lapse video of Bruce Rauner's election night party on Nov. 4, 2014, where Bruce Rauner claimed victory over Gov. Pat Quinn. (Brian Cassella and John J. Kim, Chicago Tribune)
A time lapse video of Bruce Rauner's election night party on Nov. 4, 2014, where Bruce Rauner claimed victory over Gov. Pat Quinn. (Brian Cassella and John J. Kim, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Time lapse: Bruce Rauner election night party
A time lapse video of Bruce Rauner's election night party on Nov. 4, 2014, where Bruce Rauner claimed victory over Gov. Pat Quinn. (Brian Cassella and John J. Kim, Chicago Tribune)
A time lapse video of Bruce Rauner's election night party on Nov. 4, 2014, where Bruce Rauner claimed victory over Gov. Pat Quinn. (Brian Cassella and John J. Kim, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Election night victory for Bruce Rauner
Bruce Rauner gives a victory speech Tuesday at the Chicago Hilton and Towers. (John J. Kim / Chicago Tribune)
Bruce Rauner gives a victory speech Tuesday at the Chicago Hilton and Towers. (John J. Kim / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Rauner calls for bipartisanship in victory speech
Bruce Rauner states his first calls after victory were to Illinois House Speaker Mike Madigan and illinois Senate President John Cullerton asking for bipartisanship in the years to come.
Bruce Rauner states his first calls after victory were to Illinois House Speaker Mike Madigan and illinois Senate President John Cullerton asking for bipartisanship in the years to come.
Caption Bruce Rauner declares victory in Illinois Governor's race
Republican challenger Bruce Rauner declared victory Tuesday night against incumbent Governor Pat Quinn.
Republican challenger Bruce Rauner declared victory Tuesday night against incumbent Governor Pat Quinn.
Caption Rauner's winning campaign strategy
CBS 2's Jim Williams describes the enthusiasm at the election-night headquarters of Republican Bruce Rauner, the apparent winner of the Illinois governor race.
CBS 2's Jim Williams describes the enthusiasm at the election-night headquarters of Republican Bruce Rauner, the apparent winner of the Illinois governor race.
As Rauner prepared Wednesday to thank voters, the first-time candidate also has said he plans to move quickly to try to ensure a lame-duck Democratic chief executive and legislature don’t enact legislation he opposes — potentially including greater protections for unionized workers and making permanent a temporary income tax hike that’s about to start expiring --- before he takes office.
“There’s so much going on, especially in the lame-duck General Assembly. We’re going to go to work and make sure nothing bad happens during the General Assembly,” Rauner told WGN 720-AM earlier this week about the return of lawmakers to Springfield for the fall session on Nov. 19.
Rauner, 58, spent nearly $28 million of his personal fortune to convince voters he was a better choice than Quinn. The rookie Republican sought to overcome an avalanche of TV attack ads that portrayed him as a ruthless businessman unconcerned with the plight of regular folks.

Sincerity and punctuality at the aspiring  world s kindest companySincerity and punctuality at the aspiring 'world's kindest company'
Sincerity and punctuality at the aspiring 'world's kindest company'
Marc Landsberg, CEO and founder of social media agency Social Deviant, discusses what "all good marketers do"; the problem of "adult supervision"; "what really makes somebody happy at work"; and kindness as an operating model.
Marc Landsberg, CEO and founder of social media agency Social Deviant, discusses what "all good marketers do"; the problem of "adult supervision"; "what really makes somebody happy at work"; and kindness as an operating model.

Imagining Greater IndiaModi government approach is a break from the older policy of condescension or instrumentalism.
Written by C Raja Mohan | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:05 am
Reports that local Pakistani businessmen are joining the Indian community to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Australia later this month point to many interesting political possibilities that await New Delhi as it vigorously cultivates the diaspora. If Modi looks beyond the “Indian” diaspora and seeks out the much bigger overseas “South Asian” community, he could find novel ways to limit the contestation between Delhi and Islamabad, strengthen ties with smaller neighbours and reinforce India’s quest to promote regional economic integration in the subcontinent.
Above all, such an approach could help Delhi imagine a “Greater India” that is not defined in narrow territorial or divisive religious terms. It could make India, and the subcontinent as a whole, more attractive to investments by the South Asian diaspora and restore the collective weight of the region on the global stage.
Few governments in independent India have devoted as much attention to the diaspora as the Modi government has. Consider two recent trips abroad by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj. This week, she was in Mauritius, marking the 180th anniversary of the arrival of the first group of Indian indentured labour at Port Louis and the beginning of an extraordinary migration from the subcontinent. A few weeks ago, Swaraj was in London to attend a regional meeting of the “Pravasi Bharatiya Divas”. She spent her first few weeks in office focusing on rescuing Indian citizens caught in the Iraqi civil war.
As he heads east later this month to Myanmar and Australia, Modi is likely to stop at Fiji, which, along with Mauritius and the Caribbean, showcases the global footprint of the South Asian labour migration from the early 19th century. The Indian community in Australia is gearing up to organise a massive public reception in Sydney. They hope to go one better than the spectacular event at New York’s Madison Square Garden in September.
Modi’s approach to the diaspora is a significant break from independent India’s policies, which were defined by either condescension or instrumentalism. If developed further, the policy could resemble the pre-Partition imagination of a “Global India” unfettered by territoriality.
Jawaharlal Nehru took a legalistic approach towards overseas Indians. He insisted that Delhi’s interest in the people of Indian descent should be strictly limited to humanitarian and cultural fields. Nehru encouraged Indian communities to be loyal to their new homelands and was reluctant to engage with their concerns, given his focus on promoting solidarity among postcolonial states.
At the operational level, though, Delhi’s new elite viewed the descendants of Indian labour with the disdain that comes naturally to the middle class, and was embarrassed by the riches of the Indian merchant communities around the world, which were accused of being too exploitative of the local population. By the late continued…

Miracle Shot Nets College Freshman A New Truckreddit
From the opening moments of the video, it looks like this Drake University student doesn't have a chance.
Alex Tillinghast has to make a layup, a free throw, a three-pointer and a half-court shot -- and do it all in 30 seconds -- to win a new Ford F-150 as part of the Iowa university's "Bulldog Madness" event.
It's a next-to-impossible test in the best of conditions. The khaki-wearing freshman makes it even harder on himself by needing three tries just to sink the layup.
He nails the free throw on the first shot, but it takes him four attempts to hit the three-pointer, leaving him just about out of time.
In the final moment, Tillinghast somehow lets one fly and sinks that magic shot from half court on his first try.
Enjoy that truck, Alex.

Trumpet Player s National Anthem Brings NFL Player To Tearsreddit
Few things can bring an NFL player to tears, but jazz trumpeter Chris Botti's powerful rendition of the national anthem is one of them.
Botti headed to MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, Monday night to play "The Star Spangled Banner" before the New York Giants faced the Indianapolis Colts. Botti, who won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Album last year, delivered such a moving rendition of the patriotic tune that it brought Colts wide receiver Reggie Wayne to tears .
"I'm just blessed to be out there," Wayne told ESPN after the game . "It's an emotional game, man, and sometimes it comes out. It was a prime-time game, and an opportunity to turn things around a little bit. An old wise guy once told me you shouldn't hold back your tears. Tonight was a night with the tears."
The Colts beat the Giants 40 to 24.
H/T Uproxx
More:

Let there be more WagahsThe Wagah attack on the beating retreat ceremony and the only road crossing between India and Pakistan was audacious. Striking at the symbol of national pride of two countries is a plan intended to go beyond just murder and mayhem.
Posted: November 5, 2014 11:10 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 11:11 pm
By: Bruce Riedel
The suicide bomber who killed dozens near the Wagah crossing probably intended to blow himself up at the beating retreat ceremony, where he could have killed even more innocents. The attack is the latest indicator that the terrorist infrastructure in Pakistan is audacious and wants to create a crisis between the two nuclear-weapons states in South Asia.
The Wagah crossing exemplifies both Indo-Pakistani competition — through the stylised ceremony at closing time — and cooperation — it is the only road crossing between the two countries. By striking at Wagah, a terror group would put New Delhi and Islamabad on a collision course. Prime Minister Narendra Modi would undoubtedly have called on Pakistan to crack down on terror infrastructure, including groups patronised by the Pakistan army, like the Lashkar-e-Taiba and the Jaish-e-Mohammad. So far, three groups have claimed credit for the attack; all have links to al-Qaeda.
Fortunately, the Pakistan Rangers security perimeter at Wagah prevented a worse disaster. This is the second time this year that good Pakistani security measures have stopped a very dangerous high-profile terror attack. In September, alert guards at the Karachi navy base prevented a plot to hijack a frigate, the PNS Zulfiqar, and use it to attack American navy ships in the Arabian Sea. That plot was the work of al-Qaeda’s new franchise in South Asia.
Ayman al-Zawahiri, the Egyptian-born amir of al-Qaeda living in Pakistan, released a 55-minute video before the Karachi attack, announcing the formation of a new al-Qaeda organisation to “return Islam’s rule” to the Indian subcontinent. The videotape is his first this year and threatens a wave of jihadist attacks in India. The new group is called the Jamaat Qaidat al-jihad fi’shibhi al-qarrat al-Hindiya or Organisation for the Base of Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent. Zawahiri named Asim Umar, who has previously written messages threatening India for al-Qaeda, as its leader. Last year, Umar reminded Muslims in India that they “ruled India for 800 years” and that it was time to return to Islamic rule and law in the subcontinent. This ideological fantasy of restoring the Mughal empire in India is not unique to al-Qaeda — other terror groups in Pakistan, like the LeT, share it.
Zawahiri has long been interested in India, and his propaganda since the 1990s has portrayed Hindu India as part of the Zionist-crusader conspiracy against Islam. He also has long-standing ties with the LeT’s leader, Hafiz Saeed. Al-Qaeda worked closely with the American, David Headley, who helped plan continued…

Once upon a time in KathmanduThough King Tribhuvan had burnt all bridges with the prevailing power structure in Nepal, he was probably assailed by doubts about India’s intentions.
Written by Nalini Singh | Posted: November 5, 2014 11:27 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 6:36 am
On November 6, in a Kathmandu palace, King Tribhuvan and his three princes told their retinue to load four cars with picnic hampers. Curiously, the king and his sons had packed the hampers themselves. It was 9.45 am, 64 years ago to the day, and an icy wind lashed the tall trees in the Narayanhiti palace.
The king’s two wives, the princes and their families, and crown prince Mahendra and two of his three sons settled in the cars for a picnic-hunt in Shivpuri forest. Mahendra’s wife had died two months earlier. His other son, three-year-old Gyanendra, was left behind in the palace.
Tribhuvan led the convoy, driving along the route that swept past the Indian ambassador’s residence-cum-office. His sons were at the wheels of the other three cars. As Tribhuvan’s Shah dynasty was a mere prop to power-wielding, autocratic, hereditary Rana prime ministers and army generals, a Rana army officer sat in each car. This was established practice to ensure that the king did not act autonomously. The king was trotted out and exhibited on ceremonial occasions. The Ranas controlled his budget, interaction with the world and, most importantly, his reputation.
At 10 am, as the convoy neared Shital Niwas, the 100-room residence-cum-office of the Indian ambassador, Tribhuvan suddenly swerved his car left, through the open gates of the building, followed by the other three cars. A Sikh guard opened the car door for the king. The Indian ambassador hurried down the stairs, and the king told him formally that he and his family were at the embassy to seek asylum, and asked that the accompanying Rana officers be taken into detention.
The king’s wives and family were dazed and subdued as they left the cars to be rushed to the ambassador’s private living quarters. The picnic hampers were unloaded, as also “the accompanying rifles, guns, ammunition”, and delivered to the royals. That was the family’s only baggage.
Some official records claim that the ambassador was caught unawares, but the backstory is fascinating. The king, who was the Ranas’ prisoner, had started making contact with an incipient people’s rebellion against the repressive Rana rule. He used ruses to slip away for a few stolen moments to meet the leaders. But, in time, he realised that these short meetings were futile.
Then, a young German physiotherapist, Erika Leuchtag, was introduced by the Rana rulers to the king’s household. Erika won the king’s confidence and has claimed that she arranged a hazardous first meeting between the king and the then ambassador, Sardar Surjit Singh Majithia, in her book, King In the Clouds.
For this meeting, the king drove with the mandatory Rana guard officer to his married son’s residence for a private family dinner. Here, continued…

Modi among worlds most powerful people: Forbespolitics
On Modi, Forbes said "India’s newest rock star doesn’t hail from Bollywood. He is the newly elected Prime Minister who sailed into office in May with a landslide victory.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday made his debut among the world’s most powerful people, ranked 15th on the Forbes list topped by Russian President Vladimir Putin who pipped his U.S. counterpart Barack Obama for a second year in a row.
The list of 72 most powerful people in the world also included the names of Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani at 36th, ArcelorMittal Chairman and CEO Lakshmi Mittal at 57th and Microsoft’s Indian-born CEO Satya Nadella at 64th.
On Modi, Forbes said “India’s newest rock star doesn’t hail from Bollywood. He is the newly elected Prime Minister who sailed into office in May with a landslide victory, ushering the BJP into power after decades of control by the Gandhi dynasty.”
Forbes described him as a “Hindu nationalist” and referred to the 2002 Gujarat riots when he was the State’s Chief Minister.

Power sector needs $250 bn to meet energy needsIndia needs USD 250 billion investment over 5 years to meet energy needs, says Piyush Goyal
Tommy Wilkes     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 12:44 IST
The investment is required to provide power for the country's 1.2 billion people (Photo: Reuters)
Power Minister Piyush Goyal said on Thursday investments worth $250 billion were needed over the next five years if the country was to meet an expected doubling of energy consumption and provide power for the country's 1.2 billion people.
Goyal, who estimated the country's total power consumption would double to 2 trillion units by 2019, said on the sidelines of the India Economic Summit 2014, organised by the World Economic Forum, that the majority of the money would come from the private sector but the government would also invest more.
The Power Minister estimated that US $100 billion would go into renewable energy.
(Reuters)

Top 5 lesser known cos that ll ride the bull runTop five lesser known companies poised to ride the big bull run on Dalal Street
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 6, 2014, 12.30PM IST
(Most of the high beta stocks…)
NEW DELHI: Benchmark indices have rallied over 32 per cent so far in the year 2014 to record highs, supported by strong global liquidity, stable macros and a reform push by the Modi government.
Most of the high beta stocks have more than doubled in the past one year, but analysts feel that there is more upside left in the benchmark indices and individual stocks.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market, which will take the Sensex and he Nifty to fresh record highs for the rest of the year as well as in the next 12 months. The index is well on its way to hit the 30,000 mark by the December-end and probably 35000 levels by the end of 2015.
During this time, if the investors pick the right kind of stocks, those can outperform the Sensex returns in the next 12 months. Most of the companies mentioned provide opportunities for playing growth stories as well as value buying.
We have collated a list of five stocks which are small cap but high-growth ideas by different experts. Most of these companies have added capacities ahead of demand. This would further help in augmenting growth momentum over the next 12 months, and thereby improve the margin profile.
Analyst: Nitin Raheja, Co-Founder, AQF Advisors
Allcargo Logistics: Trading at cheap valuations compared to its peers
We like a company called Allcargo Logistics. It is the largest player in the less than container load segment and is also among the top five in the world and so on so forth. The management has done some acquisitions last year in the US, which was one of the weak spots.
It has got the whole JNPT container business. So yes, we are basically going to start seeing the LCL business as a natural monopoly and here, they have the largest in India. Container load is going to go up.
If you see the valuations that other logistics companies trade at and you compare this, this is trading at far cheaper valuations and in the next two-three years as the economy picks up, as the container business picks up, as the equipment hiring business picks up for them and so on so forth, the stock looks very interesting.
Analyst: Dinesh Thakkar, CMD at Angel Broking
Siyaram Silk Mills (CMP: Rs 762.50/TP: Rs 952)
Siyaram Silk Mills has strong brands, such as Siyaram's, Mistair, MSD, J. Hampstead and Oxemberg. With the launch of two new premium cotton brands - Zenesis and Moretti, entry into linen fabrics, foray into ladies wear (SKD) under the brand Siya, the company is expected to maintain its high growth trajectory.
We believe that with market leadership in blended fabrics, strong brand building, wide distribution channel, strong presence in tier II and tier III cities and emphasis on latest designs and affordable pricing points, Siyaram will be able to post a revenue CAGR of 18% and profit CAGR of 32% over FY2014-16E.
We value the stock at a moderate 8 P/E on FY2016E earnings, implying 32% upside and hence recommend Buy.
Brokerage Name: Anand Rathi Institutional Research team
Ahluwalia Contracts India: Back on growth trajectory; target price Rs 237
Ahluwalia Contracts India (AHLU) is sharpening its focus on government contracts as they are more scalable and highly predictable in terms of execution. Its exposure to the private sector has, thus, reduced from 85% to 48%.
 
This shift in order mix has caused a turnaround in its operations with operating profits rising over the last two quarters. Going forward, the company aims to maintain the public-private mix at 60:40.
The company is swiftly moving towards a significant turnaround in operations, with margins rising from 4.3 per cent in FY14 to 11 per cent in FY17. Return ratios are expected to increase from lower single digit to higher twenties over the period.
We initiate coverage on the stock with a target price of Rs 237 based on 14x FY17e PE.
Risks: Lack of building orders from the government sector, any major liability arising out of litigations.
Action Construction Equipment: On the cusp of a turnaround; target price set at Rs 55
A well-established brand in construction equipment (cranes, earthmoving & road machinery) and material handling (forklifts) in India with over 50 per cent market share in tower/mobile/crawler cranes, ACE is promoted and managed by professionals with rich experience in construction equipment. Its manufacturing plant and strong R&D centre (Haryana, Uttarakhand) have infra for expansion.
Low capacity utilisation and higher interest/depreciation in FY11-14 had led to 0.7 per cent NPM in FY14 from 5.9 per cent in FY11. We estimate 60%/138% CAGR over FY14-17 in EBITDA/PAT. Our Rs 55 target is based on 10x FY17e PE and 7x EV/EBITDA.
Risk: Delayed recovery in infra/industrial sectors.
Granules India: Riding a multi-year growth wave; target price set at Rs 1185

Jet s Discount Offer: Check Out the FaresYou are here: Home Corporates
Jet Airways Announces Special Fares on Select Destinations
NDTV | Updated On: November 06, 2014 10:42 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Jet Airways has announced special fares starting as low as Rs 1,973 (all-inclusive) on select destinations. This offer is valid on economy class travel within India.
Tickets for this advance fare scheme must be must be purchased at least 90 days prior to departure. And the booking for this special Jet Airways offer is open till March 31, 2015.
Under this Jet Airways offer, the ticket is valid for 12 months from the date of issue. Tickets are non-refundable but Jet Airways will allow a date change by charging a fee.
Other airlines have also periodically launched advance fare schemes. This has seen passenger traffic rising in recent months. In September, domestic airlines saw a 28 per cent growth in passenger traffic as compared to a year earlier.
Domestic budget airline SpiceJet has been at the forefront of announcing promotional schemes to attract flyers. Speaking to NDTV Profit, Sanjiv Kapoor, chief operating officer of SpiceJet, the airline has seen a bump-up in passenger traffic, whenever it has launched such schemes.
Explaining the rationale for launching such schemes, Mr Kapoor said, "We don't like to fly empty planes. Once a plane takes off that empty seat is lost forever."
By selling excess capacity in advance, through advance fare schemes, "We are trying to get rid of excess capacity early so that close to the date to the departure we are leaving with much fuller capacity" the SpiceJet executive added.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 10:38 (IST)

World s longest aircraft to fly China-US routesWorld's longest aircraft to fly China-US routes
IANS     Beijing   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 16:42 IST
Boeing raises a curtain to unveil the 747-8 jumbo passenger jet to thousands of employees and guests at the company's Everett, Washington commercial airplane manufacturing facility, February 13, 2011. Photo: Reuters
Air China will fly the Boeing 747-8, the world's longest aircraft, on the Beijing-New York and Beijing-San Francisco routes from January, the airline said on Thursday.
Air China will become the first Asian airline company to use this model of aircraft, Xinhua reported.
Since joining Air China's fleet in early October, the Boeing 747-8 operates on the Beijing-Shanghai and Beijing-Guangzhou routes.
Air China has ordered seven Boeing 747-8 aircraft, and the delivery will be concluded by the end of 2015, the company said.
With a total length of 76.4 metres, Boeing 747-8 has a seating capacity of 365.
Its maximum flight range is 14,815 km.

With a bullet: Oil  earnings and AtariSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development says that the European Central Bank should amp up its bond purchases to avoid further economic misery . The U.S. economy, however, “looks robust,” the OECD says.
Mortgage giant Fannie Mae reported net income of $3.9 billion in the third quarter , and expects to pay the Treasury $4 billion in dividends in December. It also set aside $1.8 billion in federal taxes for the third quarter.
U.S. corporate earnings have beaten estimates at the fastest pace in four years . More than 81% of the 410 S&P 500 members that have reported results so far this quarter have topped projections.
(Ringo H.W. Chiu, AP)
Speaking of earnings, Tesla’s loss widened in the third quarter, and the company promised a simple solution: Build more cars . The goal: 100,000 cars by the end of next year.
Goldman Sachs sold $285 million in hedge-fund holdings in the third quarter of the year, as it works to comply with the Volcker rule. The rule will prohibit banks from supplying more than 3% of the money for its own hedge funds.
Saudi Arabia showed little concern for fellow members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries by cutting its prices to the U.S. last week. And little concern about the U.S., which is now a leading oil producer and longtime ally.

Ask Matt: Is Tesla overvalued or notAFP/Getty
Q: Is Tesla overvalued or not?
A: Investors have been trying — and failing — to put the right price tag on shares of Tesla (TSLA) . The electric car company is a classic example of a stock where valuation is in the eye of the beholder.
Classic valuation isn’t flattering for Tesla’s. The company loses money so it’s impossible to calculate a price-to-earnings ratio on it. Investors see a stock trading for nearly 32 times its tangible book value, which is very lofty. Telsa’s price-to-book is roughly three times higher than Facebook’s. Tesla shares closed Wednesday down $7.96, or 3.3%, to $230.97.
Analysts remain bullish on the stock, rating it an outperform and awarding it an average 18-month price target of $272.76. If analysts are right, that means this stock has 18% upside. But remember part of that price target is based on the expectations for future earnings, and Tesla just lowered that to between 30 and 35 cents a share on an adjusted basis for the fourth quarter. Analysts were looking for a much higher adjusted profit of 75 cents a share instead. Such high hopes don’t match reality, according to stock rating service New Constructs , which rates Tesla shares “dangerous.” Future cash flows fall short to justify the stock’s lofty price, New Constructs says. But this stock has a life of its own.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Lock in huge gains from these 14 stocksLock in huge gains from these 14 stocks
By: Matt Krantz November 6, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Gannett, James Tensuan, The (Louisville, Ky.) Courier-Journal)
You bought a stock that’s up huge this year. Congrats. Now don’t be a pig.
There are 14 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s, including single-cup coffee company Keurig Green Mountain (GMCR) , health insurer Humana (HUM) and Dr Pepper Snapple (DPS) that are up 30% or more this year — but are starting to look a bit rich — according to analysts who cover them, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
Each of these stocks have blown past analysts’ average 18-month price targets — a big sign it might be time to lock in some profits. Analysts also rate these stocks a “hold.” Remember on Wall Street, when an analyst says hold, that really means sell.
Selling winners is tough for investors do to. That’s especially the case as the broad market continues to set new highs and optimism about stocks is at full bloom. Making even harder is the fact these stocks are not just participating in the market’s rally — but leading it. But savvy investors know that even good stocks can turn bad when they’re overvalued. And for investors buying individual stocks, there’s nothing wrong with locking in gains especially after a massive move higher.
Consider Keurig Green Mountain. This stock has been red-hot all year — and has nearly doubled in value to Wednesday’s closing price of $150.05. But that’s the problem. The stock is scalding hot. At $150.05, the stock is already 13% above analysts’ average $132.44 18-month price target. And as a result, analysts have slapped the stock with the dreaded “hold” rating.
Again, just because investors should consider locking in gains doesn’t mean there’s a problem with the company. Beverage maker Dr Pepper Snapple is on pace to post 13.7% higher adjusted profit in 2014 of $3.64. And adjusted profit at the company is seen jumping another 6% in 2015. But all that good news is already brewed into the stock, which is up 42% this year. Shares closed Wednesday at $69, which is 5% past analysts price targets. Analysts, accordingly, rate the stock a “hold.”
Certainly, the analysts could be wrong or be playing it too safe. But successful investors who buy individual stocks know when it’s time to lock in gains. You don’t want to see a winner turn into a loser.
S&P 500 STOCKS UP 30% OR MORE THIS YEAR THAT ARE TRADING ABOVE 18-MONTH PRICE TARGETS AND RATED “HOLD” OR LOWER
Company

http://usat.ly/1qrjh8FFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow, S&P 500 notch new closing highs
At the close, the Dow Jones industrial average, S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite each stood 0.4% higher.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 notch new closing highs At the close, the Dow Jones industrial average, S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite each stood 0.4% higher. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qrjh8F
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 notch new closing highs
Video Keywords John Wagner Equity Income Fund S&P 500 Standard and Poor's money market fund flying stocks America's
USA TODAY's John Waggoner gives advice for how and where to invest with stocks at an all time high. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:06  You've got a little money you'd like to invested in
00:08  you have just one question. What do you buy when stocks
00:11  are the highest point in human history. I'm John Wagner and
00:14  this is America's markets. First of all you shouldn't be too
00:17  bothered by the fact that stocks are higher than anytime since
00:20  the dawn of time. Otherwise the Standard and Poor's 500 stock
00:23  index would still be at where it first started in 1957.
00:27  You might however be worried that stock through expensive relative to
00:30  earnings and they are the S&P 500 is trading for about
00:34  nineteen times earnings. Not nose bleed territory but not cheap either.
00:38  So what's the terrified investor to do. If you're saving for
00:41  something reasonably far off that his retirement in 2030 and invest
00:45  regularly in the stock fund. You get better return for the
00:48  long run than you get from bonds or money market fund.
00:51  If you have the jitters invested Equity Income Fund outlook for
00:54  stocks of companies that pay dividends they should fall less than
00:57  high flying stocks that really really terrify you. What if you're
01:01  really worried and you need the money within ten years investing
01:04  equal parts money funds and stocks. If stocks soar you get
01:07  half the gains that will be better than what you get
01:09  from a bank CD. If they fall apart to get just
01:12  half the losses and fare better than 90% of all mutual
01:14  fund managers. And someday you might find who actually pay a
01:18  bit of interest and crazier things have happened.
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:17 p.m. EST November 6, 2014
A statue of George Washington stands near the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP)
81 CONNECT 186 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Dow and S&P 500 notched all-time closing highs Thursday after Europe stocks took initial, giant leaps on news that the region's central bank is boosting economic stimulus.
At the close, the Dow Jones industrial average, S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite each stood 0.4% higher.
The Dow now sits at 17,554.47 -- topping its closing high set Wednesday by nearly 70 points -- while the S&P 500 is at 2031.21 -- besting its closing high, also notched Wednesday, by 7.6 points.
In another good sign for the U.S. economy, non-farm productivity in the third quarter came in at annualized rate of 2% , topping forecasts.
Europe benchmarks took huge, initial leaps of 3% or so on news of regionwide stimulus, but the gains eased considerably as the trading day wore on. The DAX of Germany ended 0.7% higher, the CAC 40 of France finished up 0.5% and Britain's FTSE closed up 0.2%.
The European Central Bank is leaving rates unchanged at record lows, the agency announced Thursday.
But the big news came in the press conference afterward.
In a prepared statement, ECB President Mario Draghi gave investors more color on its latest stimulus plans announced on Oct. 2. Draghi said the ECB started buying covered bonds last month and would "soon start to purchase asset-backed securities."
Draghi said the new programs, which are designed to lower borrowing, stimulate the economy and try to boost dangerously low inflation, will last for at least two years.
More importantly, and which was perceived as very bullish by Wall Street, Draghi said the asset purchases will have a "sizeable impact on our balance sheet, which is expected to move towards the dimensions it had at the beginning of 2012."
Draghi also said if economic conditions persist and the current programs don't boost the economy as much as the ECB hopes, the ECB will do more.
"Should it become necessary to further address risks of too prolonged a period of low inflation, the (ECB) is unanimous in its commitment to using additional unconventional instruments within its mandate."
That comments suggests that the ECB will remain easy for years to come and that purchases of Eurozone government bonds may still occur.
Following Draghi's comments, the euro headed lower vs. the U.S. dollar, and at its low yield today of 1.2405 -- hit a fresh 52-week low yield.)
In recent days, according to Bespoke Investment Group, there had been speculation that Draghi is facing "widespread dissent" within the ECB Council. Central bankers in some European countries, including Germany, are not happy with the ECB's policy decisions to expand its balance sheet, via "expanded lending" and purchases of asset backed securities.
Stocks powered higher on Wednesday as investors reacted to the GOP sweep of Congress, a political development that Wall Street perceives as bullish due to the Republican's reputation for favoring more growth-focused economic policies, such as lower taxes and less onerous regulations on big business.
The Dow and S&P 500 both hit record highs Wednesday, with the blue-chip Dow notching its 20th record close of 2014 and the large-company S&P 500 closing at its 36th record of the year.
Wall Street is also heading into a seasonal sweet spot for stock price performance. As November kicks off what historically has been the best six-month stretch for stocks. Stocks also have a history of taking off in the final quarter of mid-term election years.
81 CONNECT 186 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qrjh8F
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

U.S. jobless claims rise  but underlying labor market trends firmingUnemployment and Layoffs Unemployment Benefits Job Market
U.S. jobless claims rise, but underlying labor market trends firming
The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits rose for a second straight week last week, but remained at levels consistent with a firming labor market.
The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits rose for a second straight week last week, but remained at levels consistent with a firming labor market.

S pore keen to partner India in building 100...Andhra Pradesh
(Singapore expressed its…)
SINGAPORE: Singapore today expressed its keen desire to partner with India in the development of 100 new smart cities in the country including a new capital for the state of Andhra Pradesh.
This was conveyed to Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu , who held extensive talks with Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong and former Prime Minister and Emeritus Minister Goh Chok Tong today, an official statement from the ministry said.
During the talks, both the sides decided to set up Committees to further examine and concertise the areas of cooperation in building 100 new smart cities in India, developing infrastructure for 500 towns and cities, development of heritage cities and urban housing programme, the statement said.
Singapore reiterated its keenness to take up the project of developing the new capital of Andhra Pradesh , which was first indicated during the recent visit of Goh Chok Tong to India, the statement said.
Naidu also sought Singapore's assistance in promoting smart city features like Intelligent Transport Systems , e-urban governance including delivery of services, water management including recycling and solid waste management.
Naidu is in Singapore after attending the Asia Pacific Ministerial Conference on Housing and Urban Development that concluded in Seoul yesterday.
The 100 smart cities in the country, to be built as satellite townships around the larger cities - many, along the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) - though not restricted to the area, has been part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's election campaign and the new government has already set aside Rs 7,060 crore in the 2014 budget, as seed money, for the project.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bubbles  Army Men and Rubik s cube make Toy Hall of FameBubbles, Army men and Rubik's Cube make Toy Hall of Fame
Caption Bubbles
Caption Little green Army men
Daniel Burch, Getty ImagesHemera
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
See more galleries
Toy Hall of Fame inductees: Bubbles, Army men, Rubik's cube
Three iconic toys have been inducted into the National Toy Hall of Fame after thousands of votes from around the country: bubbles, little green Army men and the frustrating yet addictive Rubik's Cube.
8
The three toys were among 12 finalists selected in September for possible induction. The field included: American Girl dolls, Fisher-Price Little People, Hess toy trucks, My Little Pony, the game Operation, paper airplanes, Slip'N Slide, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and perhaps the simplest of them all — pots and pans.
Operation should have made it, it is a classic. But American Girl dolls was nominated? Compared to some of the others, it is a relative newcomer.
Evan Montgomery
1
Criteria for induction include iconic status, longevity and innovation.
The earliest paintings of children playing with bubbles appeared in the region of Flanders, now part of Belgium, in the 17th century. Today, retailers sell more than 200 million bottles of bubbles a year, according to the Toy Hall of Fame.
Little green Army men, made of molded plastic and standing two to four inches tall, were introduced in 1938. They evolved from the metal and lead toy soldiers of previous centuries and represented soldiers in the mid-20th century United States military, mostly Army infantry.
The Rubik's cube was invented by Hungarian lecturer and architect Erno Rubik in the early 1970s. It was brought to the U.S. by Ideal Toy Corp. The current speed champ, Mats Valk of the Netherlands, solved the cube in 5.55 seconds.
To date, 53 toys have been inducted into the Toy Hall of Fame, including Scrabble, View-Master, the classic teddy bear and the lowly stick.

Rich nations forced IPCC to  drop  key clima...IPCC for phasing out coal, but India plans to make coal washing mandatory
Urmi Goswami, ET Bureau Nov 8, 2014, 02.38AM IST
Tags:
Centre for Science
(A leading advocacy group…)
NEW DELHI: The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change calls for phasing out fossil fuels like coal by the end of the century, and substantial emission reductions over the next few decades to prevent irreversible impacts of climate change. But India, which depends on coal for nearly 65% of its energy, can't move to a non-coal trajectory for its power.
With technology like carbon capture and storage still at an experimental level, India plans to make coal washing mandatory as part of its effort to tackle climate change and air pollution, and the environment ministry is busy simplifying the clearing process for setting up coal washeries. "Coal washing will be made mandatory. This will require setting up large number of washeries. Therefore, the environment ministry is finalising the terms of reference for setting up coal washeries.
This will make getting environmental clearance for setting up washeries a less cumbersome process," environment minister Prakash Javadekar said. The move may help India defend using coal as a key energy source at a time global climate talks are moving towards the need for its phase out. The country has made it clear that its electricity needs preclude that option.
Coal washing refers to the process by which coal is mechanically cleaned of impurities such as ash, soil and rocks. While Indian coal doesn't have high sulphur content, it has a large proportion of ash of 40%-45%, which means high carbon emissions and air pollution. The coal washing process addresses this problem, and while it does add to the cost of coal, experts say that the impact on the price of electricity is less than 10%, as the washed coal burns longer and provides more energy.
At present only 10%-15% coal used in the country is washed. To ensure that requisite coal washing infrastructure can be set up without too much delay, the environment ministry is finalising an omnibus list of information that developers will have to provide while seeking environmental clearance for the project. "There is no need for developers setting up coal washeries to come repeatedly to the ministry for clearances," Javadekar said. "So a generic terms of reference is being prepared that will help in the preparation of environment impact assessment report."
A generic list has been prepared by the expert appraisal committee dealing with coal mining projects after consultations, and it is being reviewed by the ministry. The list has 35 items including information on the technology used by the washery, source of coal, the manner in which unwashed coal is transported, and primary baseline data on environmental quality of air, noise, water and soil of the area where the washery is proposed (the data shouldn't be from the monsoon season). The list also includes details about the impact of the mineral production, transportation, transfer, storage and waste generated. Details about the public hearing for the project will also need to be provided, including notices and issues raised at the meeting.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FIIs are back: Top stocks they re betting big onAshok Leyland
(According to analysts,…)
MUMBAI: Foreign institutional investors continue to remain bullish on Indian markets. After net inflows of $10.8 billion in first two quarters of 2014, they pumped in $3.1 billion in the September quarter.
India's economic activity is likely to spurt once the Reserve Bank of India lowers interest rates next year. According to analysts, lower crude oil prices are likely to bring inflation levels lower and prompt the central bank for a rate cut.
The inflows have been negative in the beginning of fourth quarter as the US quantitative easing came to an end. However, monetary stimulus from Japan and other European nations are likely to lead to more inflows in coming months.
Following is the list of stocks in which FIIs have increased their stake in September 2014 quarter.
United Spirits:
Even as it reported standalone net loss of Rs 55.58 crore against a net profit of Rs 118.13 crore in the corresponding quarter last fiscal, United Spirits has been in an uptrend.
Its board of directors approved hiving off Palakad unit in Kerala and Malkajgiri unit in Andhra Pradesh. The proposal for monetisation of the surplus assets of the company was also approved.
The board also approved agreement with Diageo to sell Diageo's brands through all of United Spirits' networks. United Spirits will get distribution fees of 5-6 percent for this sale.
The board also approved reporting to the Board of Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) as accumulated losses of the company in FY14 resulted in erosion of more than 50 percent of company's peak net worth.
"Looking beyond 1QFY15 numbers where United Spirits reported a loss, parent-Diageo efforts now seem to be directed towards bringing about financial discipline," said CLSA report.
The brokerage sees the company's decision to sell manufacture Diageo brands on license as a positive. It expects the stock to touch Rs 3,560 per share in next two years.
Reliance Communications:
The bullish sentiment in Indian markets in 2014 gave opportunity to debt-ridden companies to raise capital through FIIs.
The company is one of the most leveraged listed companies in the telecom sector. It had a debt of Rs 35,500 crore as of August 14.
In June the company raised nearly Rs 4,800 crore through QIP route.
According to reports, about 50 per cent of the issue was subscribed by two sovereign wealth funds, a North American pension fund and one of the world's top three fund management houses. About 85 per cent of the overall issue was subscribed to by foreign investors.
"While RCom's recent fundraising has allayed some of our leverage concerns, we continue to hold our view that the company should consolidate its operations and re-focus on the India wireless business segment.
" Our EBITDA estimates for FY15/16 are lowered by 5 per cent/2 per cent respectively; however, our EPS forecasts are lowered by 69 per cent /44 per cent respectively on account of earnings dilution and updating of FY14 earnings.
The brokerage has retained UnderWeight rating on the stock with a revised price target of Rs 107.
 
Bharti Infratel: The telecom tower infrastructures provider's decision to sell 8.5 crore equity shares through offer for sale helped FIIs to pick-up stake in the counter.
The promoters of the company diluted their stake in order to comply with SEBI's minimum (25 percent) public shareholding norms. According to reports, the company raised Rs 2,143 crore through offer for sale.
The company reported inline results for quarter ended September 2014. It added 3,950 new tenants in 2Q which is its highest in the past two years. Average rental declined 0.3 per cent Q-o-Q because of increasing tenancy.
"We expect BHIN to report rental revenue CAGR of 9 per cent for FY14-17, driven by tower additions and improvement in tenancy. This should drive an 11.4 per cent EBITDA CAGR. We expect earnings growth to moderate to 15 per cent after about 32 per cent growth in FY15. We have raised our capex estimates in view of the higher growth outlook," said BNP Paribas report.
The brokerage has Hold rating on the stock with price target of Rs 270.
GMR Infrastructure: The stake of foreign investors increased in the company after it issued shares to qualified institutional investors and raised Rs 1,477 crore in July.
The company had sold its shares at Rs 31.50 per share, lower than floor price of Rs 33.14 per share.
Barclays Equity Research continues to see upside in GMR, despite factoring in capex overruns in its power plants and dilution from its QIP and warrants issue.
"The company continues to focus on reducing the negative impact of its corporate debt. With the recent equity issuance by way of QIP (INR15b) and issue of warrants to promoters (INR6b), GMR intends to reduce its corporate debt," the report said.

Investors to brace for more tech-heavy IPOs in next few years: Raghu KumarAmazon
Technology is going to blossom in the near future. So, I would constantly keep a lookout for firms that are able to take an offline mode of doing business and creating a smartphone app for it, just like Justdial, BigBasket and FabFurnish, says Raghu Kumar, Cofounder, RKSV, in an exclusive interview with Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com. Excerpts:
Q) The Indian markets managed to hit fresh record highs in October itself. Do you think the momentum is likely to continue? And, if yes, what is your target for the Sensex and the Nifty for Dec-end and for the next 12 months?
Raghu Kumar: Yes, the momentum is going to continue. The general rule of thumb, when it comes to mark trends, is: don't bet against the trend unless you know something that market doesn't. And, more likely than not, you don't have information that the market has not already priced in.
When we look at what occurred in October, it's remarkable that we hit record highs despite the US financial markets going through an extreme volatility (The Dow Jones Industrial Average plummeted almost 6% in the first 15 days of October, going from 17,000 to below 16,000 before picking itself up to above 17,000 levels). Meanwhile, the Sensex continues rallying forward, having gone up 4-5% this month alone.
The tide is so strong upward that at some point, consolidation is bound to happen and investors will begin booking profits at the slightest sight of negative news. We will see a month or two of sideways movement, but it cannot be predicated as to when that will occur.
That being said, the upward movement is based on sound fundamentals (GDP growth, low inflation, stable currency, strong government reforms, consumer confidence) and not mere speculation. That's what makes this a special case. However, a market cannot continue to trend upward at this type of rate forever, despite how strong the winds are pushing it up.
I have stated from May onward since the elections came to a close that the Sensex should hit 30,000 by the end of the year, which comes to a 7% increase over two months. As far as the next 12 months are concerned, it is very difficult to predict at this point.
I would assume that the quicker the government takes up the 'Make in India' initiative in a proactive manner, the less India's capital markets will be affected by external factors. That being said, with the uncertainty over the US' approach towards interest rates, that will undoubtedly play a role.
Assuming GDP targets of 6-7 per cent are reached by FY16 and reforms are properly implemented and the US does not raise interest rates earlier than expected, we can expect the markets to appreciate 15-20 per cent next year; meaning, the Sensex can hit 36,000 by Oct 31, 2015.
Q) Give me any five stock ideas which are low value but have a lot of potential in the coming years and why?
Raghu Kumar: I would instead stick to a sector, since RKSV does not give stock-specific tips.
If we are looking at the long run, the Internet and technology are going to continue penetrating all stratas of India. Internet penetration is on a huge rise, and over the few years 10% of the entire population will have a smartphone.
Keeping that in mind, companies that focus on an online-only model that leverages technology, mobile and the internet, are going to do wonders. The offline business model, that most industries in India live in, is being quickly shifted to the online model.
What's happening now with Amazon, Snapdeal and Flipkart will happen to all other industries as well. Consumers will look to the internet, specifically their mobile phones, for most of their services and products.
Keeping that in mind, technology is going to blossom. So, I would constantly keep a lookout for firms that are able to take an offline mode of doing business and creating a smartphone app for it, just like Justdial, BigBasket, FabFurnish, etc.
Once a company reaches a critical point, it will most likely go for an IPO. I expect a huge influx of technology, online heavy based firms that leverage mobile smartphones to go public and issue IPOs over the next few years.
Q) The US Federal Reserve might have done away with QE, but Japan has already started its own rounds of quantitative easing and Europe is expected to join soon. Do you think India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue? If yes, then why?
 
Raghu Kumar: Yes, and the reason is quite simple: as the famous saying goes, 'just follow the money'. The flow of liquidity from FIIs is critical towards Modi's 'Make in India' vision to come to a reality. With the QE tapering to happen in Japan and Europe, we can only assume that a similar trend will occur compared to when the US began its QE program.

Facebook launches Ebola charity donation buttonFacebook launches Ebola charity donation button
Facebook
Eric Thayer / Reuters
Facebook users are now able to donate to some charities' Ebola-relief efforts through their News Feeds.
Facebook users are now able to donate to some charities' Ebola-relief efforts through their News Feeds. (Eric Thayer / Reuters)
By Anya George Tharakan, Reuters
Africa Charity Media Industry Ebola Mark Zuckerberg International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement International Medical Corps
Facebook said users would now have option to donate directly to various Ebola relief charities through a button at the top of their News Feeds.
Facebook users can donate to three charities — International Medical Corps, the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies, and Save the Children — starting today, the company said on its website on Thursday.

China unveils a new anti-drone laser  but its the growing Chinese drone fleet that mattersBy Ishaan Tharoor November 6 Follow @ishaantharoor
A 2011 picture from a Chinese air show of a model of a Chinese "Pterodactyl" drone. (William Wan/The Washington Post)
A report in China's state media earlier this week revealed that China had successfully tested a new "home-made laser defense system" capable of shooting down drones. Xinhua news agency cited the progress made by one of the country's leading scientific academies:
The machine is able to shoot down various small aircraft within a two-kilometer radius and can do so in five seconds after locating its target, said a statement released Sunday by the China Academy of Engineering Physics, one of the system's co-developers.
Characterized by its speed, precision and low noise, the system is designed to destroy unmanned, small-scale drones flying within an altitude of 500-m and at a speed below 50m/s, it said.
The system will be probably transported or deployed on vehicles, an ideal scenario for policing the skies above cities and sensitive government or military installations. According to Xinhua, it had a 100 percent success rate in its trials, targeting and bringing down more than 30 test drones.
The increasing proliferation of various sorts of unmanned aerial vehicles means governments around the world are getting more and more worried about their use for purposes of espionage and covert surveillance. The U.S., with the aid of Boeing, is also testing a laser cannon that can " blast drones out of the sky ." You can watch it in action below:
U.S. military forces are testing a laser cannon made by Boeing that can "blast drones out of the sky." (Boeing)
The development of this technology comes amid growing attention on the scale and capabilities of China's drone program. There's not much clear data about the size of the Chinese drone fleet, but most analysts believe that Beijing's military boasts the largest number of unmanned aerial vehicles behind that of the United States.
In 2011, around the time most observers switched on to China's developing drone industry, my colleague William Wan attended a high-profile aviation show where a number of Chinese-made drones were on display, including models of the "Wing-Loong," believed to an adaptation of the American Reaper drone, and "Pterodactyl," an equivalent to the American Predator drone.
"The Chinese are catching up quickly. This is something we know for sure,” an American defense analyst told  The Washington Post at the time, referring to modest statements made by Chinese officials about the weakness of their domestic drone programs. “We should not take comfort in some perceived lags in sensors or satellites capabilities. Those are just a matter of time.”
In the intervening years, China's drone investments have deepened and its ambitions have widened in scope. A 96-page Pentagon report published earlier this year, claimed China's military spending in 2013 far exceeded Beijing's reported figure. It also voiced concerns about Beijing's push into drone development. Chinese efforts on this front, the report indicated , "combines unlimited resources with technological awareness that might allow China to match or even outpace U.S. spending on unmanned systems in the future."
Of greatest concern is China's ability to vie with the U.S. and its East Asian allies, where maritime disputes over islands in the South China Sea and the East China Sea are a seemingly permanent source of tension and provocation in the region. China's new capabilities present new challenges to the U.S. Navy, long the guarantor of stability in the Pacific.
Beyond questions of geopolitics, China's advances in drone technologies also mean the chances of dozens of other countries building up their own fleets is more likely, given the relative cheapness of Chinese drone technology compared to the costs of American drones. Governments like Pakistan, for example, are keen to acquire Chinese drones, while other nervous Asian powers like Japan and India also seek to boost their arsenals .
As drone technology proliferates, seemingly unchecked, those anti-drone lasers may become quite useful, after all.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

Fannie Mae  Freddie Mac to send $6.8B to U.S. TreasuryFannie Mae, Freddie Mac to send $6.8B to U.S. Treasury
Fannie Mae
Fannie Mae headquarters in Washington, D.C.
Fannie Mae headquarters in Washington, D.C.
Reuters
Finance Fannie Mae Freddie Mac Mortgages Real Estate Buyers
Fannie, Freddie to send $6.8 billion check to U.S. Treasury
Government-controlled mortgage finance firms Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac said on Thursday they will pay U.S. taxpayers $6.8 billion after reporting a third-quarter profits that modestly rose from the second quarter.
Once they have made the latest payments in December, the two companies will have returned $225.5 billion to taxpayers in exchange for about $188 billion in taxpayer aid they received after being placed under the government's wing at the height of the financial crisis.
Fannie Mae, the bigger of the two and the nation's largest source of mortgage funds, earned a net income of $3.9 billion in the third quarter, up from $3.7 billion in the second quarter.
The increase was driven by higher net interest income, an increasing portion of which is derived from guaranty fees, and about $1.2 billion in settlement payments from Goldman Sachs and HSBC related to Fannie's investments in private-label mortgage securities sold by the two banks before the credit crisis.
0
Slowing home-price appreciation was a drag on Fannie's profit growth. Based on its own home price index, Fannie estimated that U.S. home prices increased just 1.2 percent in the third quarter and are up just 5.3 percent in the year to date, after gaining 8.2 percent in 2013.
On a year-over-year basis, Fannie's net income was down from $8.7 billion a year earlier.
Freddie Mac, meanwhile, generated net income of $2.1 billion versus $1.4 billion in the second quarter. Like Fannie, Freddie also posted higher net interest income and benefited from $1.2 billion in legal settlements in the same litigation, which had been brought by the U.S. Federal Housing Finance Agency, which regulates both companies.
Freddie's profit fell dramatically from a year earlier, when one-time tax benefits drove its net income to nearly $30.5 billion.
Neither Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac lends money directly to home buyers. Rather, the two companies buy mortgages from lenders and repackage them into securities they sell to investors with a guarantee.
Their businesses collapsed during the financial crisis and the two were seized by the U.S. government in 2008. Under their bailout terms, the two firms must turn their profits over to the Treasury as dividends on the government's controlling stake.
Fannie Mae's dividend to the U.S. Treasury was larger than the $3.7 billion it paid in the prior quarter, while Freddie's was up from $1.9 billion.
Those dividends swelled in early 2014 and late 2013 due to one-off events like legal settlements.
However, in a sign that the sluggish housing market is affecting its bottom line, Fannie Mae reported credit-related income of $836 million, the lowest since having negative credit-related income in the third quarter of 2012.
This was “due primarily to a slower rate of home price appreciation compared with the second quarter of 2014,” Fannie Mae said in a statement.
Private shareholders in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have sued the government over the dividend policy, claiming Washington is expropriating the value of their preferred shares. A federal court dismissed a suit by one of the largest shareholders in September, but other legal challenges could drag on for years.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have been a minor cash cow for the Treasury in recent years, paying back all their bailout funds and more. But their obligation to turn over all their profits to the Treasury has helped keep them undercapitalized, analysts say, and a severe downturn in the housing market could eventually lead them to require further bailouts.
The Obama administration has argued for replacing the firms with a new entity, but lawmakers might not address housing reform even after Tuesday's congressional elections, in which Republicans seized control of the Senate.
Republicans want to see less government support of mortgages, while some Democrats argue low-income borrowers should get more support.

18 Excellent Gifts For Kids That Aren t Even Toysreddit
All of us who have children have too many toys scattered throughout the house. No matter how diligent we are about keeping them at bay, it seems to be a constant fight. It's especially hard when special days come and we want to give gifts to our children, or grandparents want to give gifts.
Gifts are good things!
But, too much of anything isn't good.
A great way to combat having too many toys is to shift all the gifts to non-toy items.
18 Non-Toy Gifts for Children
1. Classes. Music, dance, riding, drawing -- classes are a great way to encourage children in their interests and let them know that you pay attention to them and what they enjoy.
2. Memberships. Zoo, science museum, children's museum, YMCA membership, etc. These are particularly great for family gifts! Many young families want to enjoy day outings, but affording them can be a challenge, so give them the gift of a yearly membership.
3. Subscriptions. Kids enjoy getting things in the mail. Why not encourage their reading by getting them a magazine subscription for something they are interested in!
4. Events. Movie tickets, or tickets to a play, concert or sports event are really exciting! Having an event to look forward to makes the rest of life more enjoyable.
5. Activities. Mini golf, bowling, skating rink. These are so much fun! And a big part of the fun is going together. Children love spending time with the adults in their lives; they want to see you enjoying your time as well as enjoying them.
6. Recipe and Ingredients. Kids love cooking with their parents. Baking something special or cooking dinner is an ideal time to spend together and learn life skills. Print out a recipe, purchase all the ingredients and set a date for cooking together.
7. Crafting Date. Our daughter loves making crafts. I do, too; I really do enjoy the creative aspect. But I rarely take time out to do it with her. These crafting dates mean the world to our creative little girl. Keep a basket of craft supplies and get out a book for inspiration. We like Sneaky Art: Crafty Surprises to Hide in Plain Sight, by Marthe Jocelyn.
8. Arts and Crafts supplies. If your craft box is running low, stock up a little on things you need. Add in something fun the kids haven't used before. A gift of arts and crafts supplies often brings on the imagination, and kids can't wait to get to work!
9. Coupons. An envelope of coupons that they can "spend" at any time: I'll do one chore -- no questions asked; movie and popcorn night, you pick the movie!; 1:1 game of cards or basketball (whatever the child's interest is in); sit and read a book with me; stay up 1/2 hour past bedtime.
10. Restaurant Gift Card. Dinner, ice cream, coffee, cupcake -- whatever suits their fancy! Give them the freedom of inviting whomever they wish: it may be mom or dad; it may be a grandparent, aunt or even teacher they would like to spend more time with.
11. Dress-Up Clothes. These do need to be limited, but two dresses and a couple play silks can get hours and hours of play!
12. Books. We get a lot of books from the library, but there are some that I just can't find there, or it takes us longer to read through. We have read through the entire Little House series, Narnia, and are working our way through Shel Silverstein's books. Be sure to pass the books on when you are done, so they don't clutter up your home.
13. Clothes. When kids only have a certain amount of clothes, they often enjoy getting clothes. Make it a point to get something that fits their style. That may mean Western clothes, superhero, fancy dresses, etc.
14. Snacks. If your child is a foodie, they will love this! Some homemade granola or cookies made just for them is a special treat!
15. Outdoor Supplies. If you are an outdoorsy family, giving kids their own fishing tackle or gardening equipment can be a big deal. It's also something that gets left on the shelf in the garage, so you always know right where to find it.
16. Telling Time. Many children these days don't know how to read analog, or find it takes too long to think about it, so they search for a digital watch. Getting them a cool watch makes them want to be able to tell time on it. Boys, girls, and even teenagers can be excited about this.
17. Games and Puzzles. Games and puzzles are great activities for when kids have to be indoors. It's a good practice to have individual quiet times during the day, and having a puzzle to sit and work on by themselves helps brain development and problem solving skills. Games teach a lot, too! My kids talk about how they passed geography, just because we played Risk when they were little. Monopoly and Payday have been popular and help cement math skills. Memory games are great for younger children.
18. Calendar. Many children like to know what is going on, what day it is, how many days until ____. These kids are the ones who want to know what the plan is for the day, the order in which things will happen, what time friends are expected over, etc. They struggle with spur-of-the-moment and can be frustrating if you are a spontaneous parent. But celebrate it! These children have many strengths, and make our world run more smoothly. :-) Embrace their inner schedule and get them their own calendar. They can write down their own classes, appointments, playdates, etc. And if they ask you, send them to their calendar so they can get used to being in control of their own schedule. You can even schedule "spontaneous days," so they know that something different will happen that day. Trust me, it will help them enjoy the spontaneous outings!
Rachel Jones is a blogger and mother of six. She runs and writes for nourishingminimalism.com , where this piece first appeared.
Follow Nourishing Minimalism on Facebook: www.facebook.com/NourishingMinimalism
Read more on HuffPost Parents:

It s the Greatest Power Shift in Historyreddit
On your right and on your left, you notice massive power shifts, not only in economic terms, but how countries alternate at the top and how we live our lives. There's a power shift from shareholders to consumers. From multinationals to start-ups; whichever direction you look, there is a shift.
It is not a shocking fact that power is moving away from the West to the East, particularly referring to China overtaking United States of America economically, Russia still remains competent militarily; South Korea is fighting for their top spot in innovation alongside Silicon Valley.
By 2015, Asia Pacific will have a larger middle class than Europe and North America combined. Look at the purchasing power of the 'E7' emerging economies -- Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, Mexico, Russia and Turkey -- will overtake that of the G7 by 2030, as predicted by PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Power by the people, for the people, from the government -- Recent events in Burkina Faso where their President Blaise Compaoré was forced out of office before his tenure had expired, validates this.
Personal computers are not much of a hit compared to mobile phones, particularly smartphones which are dominating the device market; work, play, education and life, all happens on a small device which fit in our pockets. Smartphones where initially suitable for a business person, with the ability to receive e-mails; which today is a mere thing among thousands of apps that help us run our lives.
The youth are taking over from their elders. Young people impact markets and politics both directly and indirectly, since they amount to more than 50 percent of the population of many countries. They lead consumer behavior and they determine which new products hit the market. In politics, they can either make or break your influence online and win their hearts. They will campaign for you for free through social media. Mess up, they will also remove you at a click of a button, then march on the streets to make their point concrete.
Media publishers are losing their power to social media users and bloggers. Since print media is on it's death bed and anyone can make, write and get the news out there instantly without a permission from the editor to go ahead or not. Rupert Murdoch attests to this -- "To find something comparable, you have to go back 500 years to the printing press, the birth of mass media. Technology is shifting power away from editors, the publishers, the establishment, the media elite. Now it's the people who are taking control."
Power is busy leaving industrialization to digitalization, automation of systems is on the rise, and manual labor is being turned into machines. Production turnaround time is reduced, death rate in the workplace has been reduced too; things happen at a touch of a button.
The major question is what causes this Power Shift in all these facets? At the core of this shift, you will notice enlightenment through knowledge that makes people not to be content with their current state and circumstances; impatience to improve and competition to be better than our counterparts. Yes, technology is also at the heart of this shift of power, it's also the reason why it's happening this quick.
Whoever and wherever you are, there is a shift in power, you are either shifting or being shifted, there is no middle ground; the world will never be the same every six months.
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

How Listening to Unsolicited Advice Can Help You Be a Better EntrepreneurBy Vladimir Voronin, via ThinkStock
By Maja Svensson, Founder, Elsa and Me
We all know the pain of someone sharing some advice that wasn't asked for. Be it your parents, a colleague, a friend, or just a random person -- anyone giving consul when you weren't looking for it (and especially when you don't necessarily agree with it), can leave you feeling challenged, annoyed, and even sometimes like a failure. Yep, listening to people give their ideas of what you should be doing (whether it's right or wrong) can be emotionally trying. So, to save ourselves the discomfort, we usually politely pretend to listen and just flat out ignore the offered guidance. But by turning deaf ears to those well-meant bits of wisdom and sometimes painfully-flawed opinions, you're actually doing yourself a disservice.
The truth is, being able to truly listen can benefit you both in your personal and professional life. It's an essential component of effective leadership and a key trait for being reliable to friends and family. But yet it's still a skill that most of us willingly lack or fail to cultivate -- because it's hard.
Science says the average human brain's speed of thought can handle approximately 400 words per minute , yet most of us speak at about 125 words per minute. That difference in speed leaves a listener's brain with about 70 percent unused capacity during a conversation and can easily lead one's mind to wander while someone is talking. That usually means we find ourselves thinking about something else when we're listening and can cause us to miss crucial information.
Since becoming an entrepreneur, I've thought a lot about what listening to other people and what their opinions actually means. I'm sure everyone who makes a living doing their own thing (entrepreneurs, creative freelancers, artists, etc) will know what I mean when I say that it can be quite overwhelming hearing the many (and often strongly-felt opinions) on how to run the business you started. It is especially tough to give full consideration to those spouting strategies you've already thought of or suggestions that you just find stupid. I once found myself lacking the energy to explain to one particular person that I was not going to get an investor to pay for advertising in The New York Post.
But despite all that, listening is key to success in almost all aspects of your life. From hearing out your customers to better understanding your significant other. It also helps keep your mind curious and open. One study found that most of us spend 70-80 percent of our waking hours in some form of communication . Of that time we spend approximately 9 percent writing, 16 percent reading, 30 percent speaking, and 45 percent listening. And yet, the average listener is said to understand approximately 50 percent of a 10-minute oral presentation.
Being a business owner and attending a lot of networking events, I've discovered that meeting new people is key to finding new clients, and the easiest way to network with new people is to listen to what they have to say. I've also come to notice that, despite how excruciating it can feel, being at a networking event and listening to someone picking apart your business can be one of the most fruitful ways to come up with new strategies and ideas.
People often talk about the importance of public speaking, pitching, and delivering your message in an efficient way. And I can't agree with them more, but I would also like to add that, independent of the capacity and where you are in career or life, it's just as important to be a skilled listener. It is also something that can give you a strong position in relation to everyone else -- because the average person is a pretty lousy listener.
So... ears open, stay focused, not on yourself, but on that other person. Instead of feeling as if you didn't ask for his/her advice, say thank you, follow up with a question, and think about what it was they had to say. Maybe it might just mean that you've heard another opinion, and that it made you feel even better with the decision you already made. Maybe it was a waste of time, but maybe, it just changed everything.
Follow Ellevate on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EllevateNtwk
More:

Women at Work: On Conflictreddit
Few things are as inevitable and unavoidable at the workplace than misunderstandings and conflicts. As the office becomes an ever more rapid-paced, multi-tasking and globalized environment the pressure to deliver quality and reach targets on time and in-budget dramatically increases, as does the potential for conflict.
The ways in which businesswomen and businessmen deal with conflict -- and our preconceived notions of how the genders approach conflict situations -- differs for a variety of societal, psychological and emotional reasons. Moreover, a mixture of learned behavioral patterns and entrenched assumptions presents higher hurdles for businesswomen than for businessmen when coping with conflict.
One major hurdle, according to Audrey Nelson, PhD and Claire Damken Brown, PhD, is that many women chose conflict avoidance strategies because they do not want to be seen as aggressive or confrontational, qualities associated with men. For these reasons, some women even deny they are competitive. These researchers point out that women take conflict more personally and see it as disruptive. Additionally, both female and male coworkers expect women to display greater empathy towards the feelings of others and to be more supportive and nurturing -- thus avoiding conflict rather than embracing it.
Indeed, according to work by gender expert Dr. Deborah Kolb of the Simmons School of Management, women often are the "peacemakers" of their organizations. They become webbed in other's conflicts out feelings of loyalty, sympathy or simply because their colleagues come to them to offload their woes -- a situation many men would reject as a waste of time and energy, reasoning, "what's in this for me?"
Moreover, women are expected to be "nice," a subtly nefarious burden few men have to bear. This indirect yet powerful pressure forces businesswomen to suppress their real and natural emotions which may include healthy feelings of frustration, anger and aggressiveness. Thus, their true emotions and attitudes go "underground" in an attempt to keep up appearances of how they "should" behave. The tensions produced by such emotional self-suppression, however, is starkly shown in a study by Zogby International and the Workplace Bullying Institute, which revealed that when a "woman bullies someone else, 80 percent of the time she has a female target" -- a form of gender-hate spawned by the relentless strain to be continually "nice."
Linked to this are the results published in the Academy of Management Perspectives by Dr. Leah D. Sheppard and Dr. Karl Aquino at the Sauder School of Business, the University of British Columbia.  This paper illustrates that female and male subjects perceive conflict between two women as more negative than as between male-male and male-female, in part because it violates notions of how women are supposed to behave.
There is also a widespread belief among both genders that women judge each other more harshly than men judge women, women judge men or men judge other men. A conflict between two women is labeled a "catfight," a term of disparagement that does not exist for men. Similarly, the "Queen Bee Syndrome" is used to describe a female boss who has typically "male traits" -- ambition, thinking of results not people, dominance, and feeling threatened by successful subordinates, particularly if they are women. Labeling such behavior a "syndrome" as concerns businesswomen defines it as a sort of mental or behavioral illness, when in fact these traits are characteristic of powerful leaders, regardless of gender.
There are, of course, arguably tangible differences in how females and males deal with workplace conflict. Men often view conflict as a fight over territory, as a chance to position themselves, push forward their ideas and as an opportunity to brand themselves to their boss. For males, conflict may be a tactic, a way to test an opponent's resolve. Women, on the other hand, often desire to mediate conflict, seeing it as hurtful to team members. For this reason they may feel the need to think of other's feelings first, consciously or subconsciously allowing their own wants and desires to take a backseat, or to be completely suppressed.
Yet it is vital to remember that conflict is simply another aspect of the broad and rich palette of human communication. In a positive sense conflict -- if not allowed to spin out of control and become destructive or personalized -- can lift the fog of differing meanings, focus minds on the issues at hand and create the clarity to resolve vexing problems.
In practical business terms, preconceived notions of how females deal with conflict affects hiring, developing and promoting businesswomen. Female and male executives, indoctrinated with stereotypes of supposedly correct female office behavior, may pass over qualified women for fear that they are "too emotional" or "complicated," cannot effectively manage other females and will sow disharmony.
But some things in the business world, as in life itself, have to be confronted. Successful businesswomen boldly and vigorously enter necessary conflicts -- targeting things, not people -- fully conscious that this is one of the hallmarks of an effective leader. They are aware that being in touch with, in control of, and fully living out our emotions and feelings make both genders healthier in mind, body and soul -- and thus happier, more productive and more engaged employees and managers at the workplace. Conflict, when well-managed, is communicative and controlled, fair and focused, and as transformative as it is transgender.
More:

What s to Be Done About High Frequency Tradingreddit
High Frequency Trading (HFT) is essentially no different from a highwayman standing in the road with a gun demanding a tributary toll from all who would go about their business to the better without him.  In his book, Flash Boys, Michael Lewis succeeded in arousing some moral outrage about this highway robbery mostly outside of the circle of financial professionals.
Most financial professionals seem to think that the amount it is costing investors is small enough to fall off their moral radar screens and that the high frequency traders deserve some reward for their ingenuity and investment.  I find most of these professionals have not read Flash Boys and are not aware of the ways in which brokers breached their moral obligation by literally selling their clients' trades to HFTs, or how banks and brokers allowed HFTs to shine a bright light into their dark pools, completely betraying their fiduciary duties to their clients.  Nor do they see as clearly as Michael Lewis how the SEC has been a willing collaborator with the HFT industry, obligingly letting it invent absurdly contorted and distorting order types which are of no use to anyone else; or of how the powers of government law enforcement have been used not to punish those who are stealing (however little each time) from their clients, but those who don't obey the rules of the Wall Street Mafia.
I take space and employ colorful rhetoric to emphasize the point that HFT is just one part of an economic and political system that is increasingly dominated by rent collecting, or rather the collection of the highwayman's toll, along with many bribes and other forms of protection money. Flash Boys makes very clear how much this is the culture and nature of most of the investment management and banking industry.  To which we could easily add the similar foundation of extraordinary profits in the legal, health care, defense and oil and gas industries among others.
If we call it what it is: a system in which politicians are bought and paid for, and various gangs of bandits attempt to appropriate permanent streams of income that should have been someone else's, we have a pretty good explanation of our sclerotic economy and government.  And we also have a pretty good notion that most of the simple, rational solutions to the problems of HFT have about as much chance of happening as all of the other regulatory reforms of the financial system that have been proposed, compromised, passed and stymied since the financial crisis.
Just to be clear, those simple, rational solutions include: defining a market maker as an entity that has knowledge of other entities' trades within less than a few milliseconds; enforcing the deployment of time delay technology like that employed by IEX  at all exchanges; disapproving all of the deliberately deceptive order types used by HFTs; and a financial transactions tax (FTT).  Even the conservative economists who wrote the Simon Report on the Crash of 1987 under an exceptionally conservative Secretary of the Treasury serving an exceptionally conservative president discovered the obvious fact that over the preceding hundred years of NYSE history, periods of very low transaction costs had also been periods of very high turnover and volatility. The whole point of a financial transaction tax is to impose a tax that mimics the social cost of excessive and volatile trading, just as a carbon tax mimics the social cost of greenhouse gas emissions.
Perhaps one more example will clarify my point.  Many writers have pointed out that many people in the financial services industry went to jail for their violations of laws designed to protect investors and depositors after the Crash of 1929 and again after the Savings and Loan Crisis of the late 1980s and early 1990s.  Since the 2008 Financial Crisis only a handful of people involved in the financial industry have gone to jail, and perhaps without exception their crime has been to disobey their superiors, often as "rogue traders".  Those superiors are quite clearly guilty of massive frauds and deceptions; but none of them have gone to jail.  Instead, federal and state prosecutors threaten them with jail sentences and they buy their freedom by agreeing to have their companies pay over $100 billion and more of fines, in effect stealing this amount of money from their shareholders in order to buy their own immunity.
Instead of a financial transaction tax or a change in SEC rules, perhaps the first thing we should be thinking about to solve the high frequency trading problem and a plethora of similar criminal incursions into our economy is a massive effort to achieve campaign finance reform, probably through a constitutional amendment.
Follow Robert Zevin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ZevinAssetMgmt
More:

Modernizing Medicarereddit
Modernizing Medicare is the most important domestic policy challenge facing the United States. Medicare is at the heart of the spending explosion built into the federal budget over the next decade, rising from $603 billion in 2014 to $1.04 trillion in 2024 -- a rise of 72 percent, or an average annual growth rate of 5.6 percent.
The spending explosion, in turn, is the core source of the projected additional $7.8 trillion in federal debt held by the public, bringing the total to $20.8 trillion, or 77.2 percent, of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) -- and rising.
The unchecked rise in spending and debt sends the signal that the U.S. is willing to entertain a future consisting of a steady diet of tax hikes, flirting with a sovereign debt crisis -- or both. Neither is a pro-growth strategy on behalf of a citizenry that is weary of too-weak job growth and anemic real wage increases.
To top it off, the expensive, debt-inducing, growth-threatening Medicare program is not delivering top-quality medicine to its deserving beneficiaries. Fee-for-service Medicare pays doctors, hospitals, and other providers to do things to patients, instead of rewarding those that deliver quality outcomes through prevention, coordination, and acute care. Because Medicare is the largest payer of medical bills in the United States, the poor incentives embedded in fee-for-service set the (subpar) standard for care throughout the health sector at all ages.
The most important first step in modernizing Medicare is repealing the so-called Sustainable Growth Rate mechanism (SGR).
The SGR dates to the 1998 Balanced Budget Act. The SGR sets targets for Medicare Part B services (doctors, outpatient care, office-administered drugs) on the basis of past spending, modified for increases in costs (inflation), income growth (GDP), and beneficiary growth. If spending exceeds the target, subsequent reimbursements are cut.
Spending always exceeds the targets. As a result, doctors are faced with increasingly large potential cuts to their reimbursements (most recently, the automatic cut would have been 24.4 percent), leading Congress to override the SGR formula. We have witnessed the Groundhog Day-like pageant of excessive spending, proposed draconian cut, and Congressional override 14 times since 2001.
Clearly, the SGR is not working as a budgetary control mechanism. Even worse, it is exacerbating the worst health policy aspect of Medicare. It is well-documented that when faced with lower reimbursements, providers increase their activity to offset the cut with additional volume.  (The Congressional Budget Office estimates that increased volume offsets 28 percent of a reimbursement cut.)  Fee-for-service becomes fee-for-more-service.  In effect, the existence of the SGR makes real reform of Medicare harder.
Eliminating the SGR would remove the commitment to trying to make the fee-for-service model work in either a medical or budgetary sense. It does raise the question of what would replace it, but after years of study and negotiation this past year witnessed an agreement on the shape of an SGR replacement in both parties and in both the House and the Senate.  Unfortunately, the bill did not become law.
It is essential that Congress finish the job as soon as possible. SGR repeal is the key to beginning the process of real modernization of Medicare.  Medicare modernization is, in turn, an essential element of coming to grips with poor growth, big debts, and an underperforming social safety net.
Follow Douglas Holtz-Eakin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/djheakin
More:

Navy vessel sinks off Visakhapatnam coast  1 dead  4 missingNavy vessel sinks off Visakhapatnam coast, 1 dead, 4 missing
PTI Nov 6, 2014, 11.14PM IST
(Navy officials said the…)
VISAKHAPATNAM /NEW DELHI: A Torpedo Recovery Vessel of Indian Navy today sunk off the Visakhapatnam coast during a naval exercise killing one sailor while four others went missing.
23 people have been rescued and a search and rescue operation was launched for the missing.
At the time of the incident which occurred at 8 PM, there were 28 personnel on board.
"The vessel was on a routine mission to recover torpedoes fired by fleet ships during a routine exercise, when it experienced flooding in one of its compartments," the Navy said.
"One sailor has lost his life during the rescue operation and four personnel are reported missing. 23 personnel have been rescued safely by the Search and Rescue (SAR) ships dispatched to the area," Navy said in a statement issued in Delhi.
Navy officials said the flooding happened when the vessel was on its way back after collecting the "dummy" torpedo that was used in the exercise.
"The incident happened within 10-15 kms off Vizag post," a Navy spokesperson said in Visakhapatnam.
The boat sunk because of "some flooding", he said. The Torpedo Recovery Vessel (TRV) is an auxiliary vessel which is used to recover practice torpedoes fired by fleet ships and submarines.
The ship, which is 23 meters long and 6.5 meters at the beam, was built by Goa Shipyard in 1983 and has served the Indian Navy for the last 31 years.
The accident is one of the many that the Navy has witnessed over the last year.
Navy chief Admiral R K Dhowan took over as the Chief of the Naval Staff on April 17 this year, after his predecessor D K Joshi quit following a series of accidents.
Admiral Joshi's resignation came immediately after a fire on the INS Sindhuratna, which left two sailors dead.
On October 31, INS Kora suffered minor damage after it was scraped by a merchant vessel near Visakhapatnam.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1y9e2OSEmail
Comment
In the Nov. 4, 2014, midterm elections, Republicans took control of the U.S. Senate for the first time in eight years. The GOP managed a net gain of eight seats; the Louisiana race between Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu and GOP Rep. Bill Cassidy is headed to a December runoff. Here's a look at newly elected senators who will make up the freshman class in the next Congress.
Shelley Moore Capito
West Virginia Republican
Corrections & Clarifications: A prior version of this story incorrectly described Arch Moore, Jr., as deceased.
Republican Shelley Moore Capito shattered a glass ceiling in politics with her election as the first woman to represent West Virginia in the U.S. Senate.
West Virginia Republican Sen.-elect Shelley Moore Capito celebrates on Nov. 4, 2014, at the Embassy Suites in Charleston, W.Va.
(Photo: AP)
Capito, 60,  defeated Democrat Natalie Tennant, West Virginia's secretary of State. She is also the first West Virginia Republican elected to the Senate since the late 1950s.
Now in her seventh term in the U.S. House of Representatives, Capito is a co-founder of the Congressional Coal Caucus and a frequent critic of Obama administration policies on energy and the environment that threaten one of her state's major industries.
Politics has been a way of life since Capito was a child. Her father, Arch Moore Jr., served 12 years in Congress and three non-consecutive terms as governor of West Virginia.
Capito didn't even wait for Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller, a West Virginia mainstay for nearly three decades, to announce his retirement from the Senate. She declared her Senate candidacy last November, proclaiming herself to be a "new and diverse voice" for West Virginia. Capito originally drew fire from the anti-tax Club for Growth, but she easily dispatched two Republicans to win her party's nomination.
In the House, Capito serves as chairwoman of a House panel on financial institutions and consumer credit that has broad sway over the sweeping Dodd-Frank banking law. Her panel has worked to enhance oversight of the federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that was created under the law that has given Wall Street fits.
The West Virginia race never got on the political radar, in part because of Capito's pragmatic approach in a state that has Democrats serving as governor and in the other U.S. Senate seat. She is popular among House colleagues in both parties and a member of the Republican Main Street Partnership, a moderate group that works with Democrats on fiscal issues.
Capito and her husband, Charles, have three children and two grandchildren.
— Catalina Camia
Tom Cotton
Arkansas Republican
Republican Tom Cotton has had an eventful year. He defeated Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor in Arkansas, knocking off a two-term incumbent to solidify GOP gains in Bill Clinton's home state.
Rep. Tom Cotton waves at his election watch party in North Little Rock, Ark., after defeating incumbent Sen. Mark Pryor on Nov. 4, 2014.
(Photo: Danny Johnston, AP)
Cotton, 37, also got married in March and announced he and his wife, Anna, are expecting their first child — a boy — next April. His Senate victory comes as he finishes his first term in the U.S. House of Representatives.
When Cotton takes his oath of office, he will become the youngest U.S. senator.
The 9/11 terrorist attacks occurred while Cotton was in his final year at Harvard Law School, causing him to rethink his future. The sixth-generation Arkansan clerked for a U.S. Court of Appeals judge and worked in private law practice before deciding to enlist in the U.S. Army. Cotton told Politico he delayed his Army enlistment because he made a commitment to the federal judge and needed to pay off his student loans.
Cotton eventually served five years in the Army and completed two combat tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, earning a Bronze Star among other commendations. Military groups say Cotton is one of the first Iraq War veterans to be elected to the U.S. Senate. In between his combat tours, Cotton was a platoon leader with the Old Guard at Arlington National Cemetery.
Cotton tied Pryor, the last Democrat in the Arkansas congressional delegation, to President Obama throughout the Senate race and highlighted his opponent's support of the Affordable Care Act. Criticized by Pryor and his allies like Clinton for voting against the farm bill, Cotton played up his roots in Yell County, where his parents own a cattle farm in Dardanelle.
The Republican's campaign spots also featured his drill sergeant and parents, who previously voted for Democrats such as Pryor and his father, David, a former Arkansas governor and U.S. senator.
"But like so many Arkansans, they realized that Barack Obama and the Obama Democrats don't reflect the old conservative Democrats that they knew and grew up with," Cotton told Real Clear Politics about his parents.
— Catalina Camia
Steve Daines
Montana Republican
When Republican businessman Steve Daines decided to run for office in 2011, he had to skip his first choice, challenging Democratic Sen. Jon Tester, when Republican Rep. Denny Rehberg got there first. Lucky for him, Daines hasn't had to wait long to get to the Senate. He successfully ran for Rehberg's House seat in 2012, and then a year later, when Democratic senator Max Baucus announced his retirement, Daines began campaigning for Montana's other Senate seat.
Montana Sen.-elect Steve Daines greets supporters in Bozeman, Mont., on Nov. 4, 2014.
(Photo: Albans, Michael, AP)
Thanks to Democratic missteps, Daines, 52, had little competition.  Gov. Steve Bullock appointed Democrat John Walsh to the Senate when Baucus departed to become ambassador to China, but Walsh withdrew from the race in August after a plagiarism scandal over his 2007 graduate degree from the Army War College. Walsh's replacement, state Rep. Amanda Curtis, lagged in opinion polls all along. Nonetheless, Daines poured money into the race, spending almost $6 million, 10 times Curtis' outlay.
Daines, who was raised in Bozeman, spent a chunk of his career with consumer products giant Procter & Gamble, including a stint working in Asia. After he returned to Bozeman in 1997 with his wife and four children, he joined a software company, RightNow Technologies.
On social issues, Daines opposes abortion, same-sex marriage and funding of Planned Parenthood. He favors replacing the federal Affordable Care Act, and Common Core education standards, with "Montana based solutions.''
But in his Senate campaign, Daines focused on his support for the state's coal, oil and timber industries. In his single term in the House, Daines pushed for expanded logging in federal forest land and supported the Keystone oil pipeline.
Decrying what he calls the Obama administration's "war on coal,'' he opposes increased environmental regulation of the coal industry, supports a continued tax break for coal production on native American lands, and supports an environmentally controversial port in Washington state for the export of Montana coal. But he has pushed for greater environmental protection of lands adjacent to Glacier National Park.
— Martha T. Moore
Joni Ernst
Iowa Republican
Joni Ernst made history Tuesday as the first woman ever elected to Congress from Iowa. Largely unknown a year ago, Ernst claimed victory over four-term Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley for the U.S. Senate seat previously held for decades by liberal hero Tom Harkin.
GOP Sen.-elect Joni Ernst addresses supporters on Nov. 4, 2014, at the Marriott Hotel in West Des Moines after a win over Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley.
(Photo: Bryon Houlgrave, The Des Moines Register)
Serving in the U.S. Army Reserves and the Iowa National Guard for 21 years, Ernst earned the rank of Lieutenant Colonel and served as Operations Branch Chief in Logistics for the Joint Forces Headquarters in Johnson, Iowa. In 2003, Ernst served as company commander during Operation Iraqi Freedom. In her civilian career, Ernst served as Montgomery County Auditor, and has been a state senator since 2011.
Ernst broke through a crowded GOP primary field with a March campaign ad in which she said her rural roots and experiences castrating hogs would serve as training for how she would cut pork in Washington. The attention-grabbing ad changed the tone of a race that once leaned toward Braley, as Republicans were able to paint him as being out of touch with Iowa. In a critical gaffe, Braley was caught on tape disparaging Iowa GOP Sen. Chuck Grassley for being only a farmer, not a lawyer, yet being in line to chair the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Ernst, who's known to ride a Harley-Davidson and pack a pistol in her purse, offered a personal touch for many Iowa voters. She emphasized that she still lives in the area where she grew up and said she teaches Sunday school in the church where she was baptized. Former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney endorsed Ernst, and she also received high-profile support from former vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin.
But her conservative views also attracted critical national attention, particularly when she appeared to endorse states rejecting federal authority to enforce laws.
Ernst, 44, lives in Red Oak, Iowa, with her husband and daughter.
— Charmaine Crutchfield
Cory Gardner
Colorado Republican
Colorado, with its evenly divided electorate between Democrats, Republicans, and independents, has become the nation's quintessential swing state. And this year, the state swung decisively for the GOP in the U.S. Senate race, as Rep. Cory Gardner ousted incumbent Democratic Sen. Mark Udall, despite the Udall family's deep political roots in the American West.
Sen.-elect Cory Gardner delivers his victory speech to supporters during the GOP election night gathering in Denver on Nov. 4, 2014.
(Photo: Brennan Linsley, AP)
The race focused intensely on women's reproductive rights, with the Udall campaign highlighting Gardner's support for personhood legislation, which would provide a fertilized egg the same protections as a person, effectively making abortion illegal, as well as birth control under some interpretations of the legislation.
But Gardner recanted his support for such legislation early in the campaign. "The fact that it restricts contraception, it was not the right position," Gardner told The Denver Post in March. "I've learned to listen. I don't get everything right the first time."
Gardner went on to tout his new support for over-the-counter access to birth control. "I believe the pill ought to be available over the counter, around the clock, without a prescription. Cheaper and easier for you," he said in one ad.
Gardner also enjoyed strong support from the state's male voters. Polls leading up to the election showed a nearly 20 percentage point advantage among men.
At 40, Gardner will be one of the youngest senators in the chamber.  Born in Yuma, Colo., he attended Colorado State University and has a law degree from the University of Colorado. He worked on Capitol Hill as a congressional aide to former Colorado GOP Sen. Wayne Allard.
He ran for the U.S. House in 2010, and won as part of the GOP wave that year that resulted in a GOP takeover. He was quickly labeled a "rising star" in the party.
Gardner is likely to position himself as a player on energy issues. His former congressional district is home to many traditional and alternative energy companies, and the state has shale oil and natural gas deposits. He has said the GOP needs to look beyond fossil fuels for the future of American energy needs.
— Susan Davis
James Lankford
Oklahoma Republican
With his win in a special election, Rep. James Lankford is taking over the Oklahoma U.S. Senate seat held by Sen. Tom Coburn, who is retiring before his term ends in the wake of a cancer diagnosis.
Sen.-elect James Lankford, R-Okla., gives his victory speech as his wife, Cindy, and daughters Jordan and Hannah listen on Nov. 4, 2014, at the Republican watch party in Oklahoma City.
(Photo: Sue Ogrocki, AP)
The Republican will serve the remaining two years of Coburn's term before facing reelection in 2016.
Triumphing over state Sen. Connie Johnson, the Democratic nominee, and independent Mark Beard, Lankford enjoyed the advantage of running for office in a state where Democrats are seldom voted into federal offices.
Also in his favor was a bloated bank account, with campaign finance reports showing Lankford as having raised almost $4 million in the days leading up to the election. Comparatively, Johnson managed to raise just $131,000.
Lankford first became involved in politics in 2009, when he resigned from his position as director of the Falls Creek Christian youth summer camp to run for Congress, claiming God was "calling" him to do so. With the help of social media, Christian grassroots support and a financial advantage, he was elected to the seat vacated by Mary Fallin, who ran for governor, in 2010, beating his Democratic opponent with 63% of the vote.
Once in the House, Lankford earned a reputation as a hardworking conservative, ranked by the National Journal as the 76th most conservative House member in 2014. Serving on the House Committees on Budget and Oversight & Government Reform, Lankford was elected chairman of the House Republican Policy Committee following his reelection in 2012.
On the campaign trail, the Baptist minister took a stand against federal debt, vowing to stop deficit spending. Rather than play up his accomplishments in Congress, Lankford looked to paint himself as a citizen legislator, much like Coburn.
Born in Dallas, Lankford, 46, graduated from the University of Texas before attending the Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary in Fort Worth, where he earned a master's degree in divinity. He moved to Oklahoma City in 1995 to begin working for the Baptist General Convention of Oklahoma, and lives there today with his wife of 20 years and their two daughters.
— Eleanor Mueller
David Perdue
Georgia Republican
David Perdue had to survive three Election Days to keep Georgia's U.S. Senate seat in Republican hands.
Georgia Republican Sen.-elect David Perdue celebrates with supporters at his election night party on Nov. 4, 2014, in Atlanta.
(Photo: David Goldman, AP)
When Sen. Saxby Chambliss announced he was retiring after his second term, a host of top Republicans jumped into the primary race to replace him. Perdue, a businessman who had never previously run for office, faced three current U.S. House members: Paul Broun, Phil Gingrey and 11-term Rep. Jack Kingston. No candidate emerged with the necessary 50% of the vote, so the top two vote getters, Perdue and Kingston, duked it out in a July runoff, which Perdue narrowly won in a stunner.
Georgia Democrats had been pulling for Broun or Gingrey, movement conservatives who they thought would be easier to run against in the general election. Perdue and Kingston both were more moderate and harder to draw a sharp contrast with non-profit executive Michelle Nunn, who won the Democratic primary against token opposition.
Georgia, despite a large African-American population, is Republican territory — GOP presidential candidates carried it easily in 2008 and 2012 even with Barack Obama making history as the nation's first African American president.
But Perdue was neck and neck with Nunn through the campaign. Both had famous last names – her father was a U.S. senator and his cousin was a Georgia governor – but neither had previously held elected office.
Perdue is the former CEO of Dollar General, a discount retail chain, and Reebok. His campaign focused heavily on his role leading the expansion of Dollar General, where, according to his campaign website, he "oversaw the company's expansion from 5,900 to 8,500 stores nationwide creating thousands of quality jobs.
The Atlanta Journal Constitution wrote that Perdue is "known on Wall Street as a turnaround specialist who helps revive brands and reap rewards for investors," and he campaigned as a job creator who knows how to help businesses thrive.
But that background also became a flashpoint in the Senate race when Politico uncovered a 2005 deposition in which Perdue acknowledged that he had spent "most of my career" outsourcing work to Asia. The deposition was in a dispute over a company a North Carolina textile firm called Pillowtex that Perdue had run briefly and that closed shortly after he left in 2003. Opponents attacked him for the loss of 8,000 jobs there.
But Perdue was able to focus the Senate race on Obama, and repeatedly warned that Nunn would simply be a "rubber stamp" for Obama's policies.
Perdue's business background has made him wealthy, and he will become one of the 50 richest members of Congress upon his arrival in Washington.
Perdue, 64, and his wife live on St. Simons Island and have two sons and two grandsons.
— Paul Singer
Gary Peters
Michigan Democrat
When U.S. Sen. Carl Levin announced in early 2013 that he wouldn't run for a seventh term this year, it was immediately apparent to anyone who follows politics in Michigan that Gary Peters was the Democrat most likely to succeed him.
Democratic Sen.-elect Gary Peters addresses supporters in Detroit on Nov. 4, 2014. Peters defeated Republican Terri Lynn Land for the seat of retiring Sen. Carl Levin.
(Photo: Carlos Osorio, AP)
Wonkish and bespectacled, Peters, 55, is a congressman from Bloomfield Township in Detroit's wealthy northern suburbs. He has been on an impressive string of political victories since wresting a Republican-controlled district from Rep. Joe Knollenberg in 2008.
In 2010, he barely beat back the Republican wave to keep his seat. Then, in 2012, after Republicans tried to force him out by placing him in a district with a senior Democrat, Peters instead stepped into a neighboring district in Detroit proper, winning easily. He became the first white to represent the city in Congress in decades.
This year, he turned back a challenge from former Michigan secretary of State Terri Lynn Land in what was the most expensive U.S. Senate race in state history.
He hasn't always won: A former financial adviser, city councilman and state senator, Peters' first run for statewide office came in 2002, when he lost a race for state attorney general by 5,200 votes out of some 3 million cast. Later, he would serve as Gov. Jennifer Granholm's lottery commissioner.
Throughout his political career, Peters has counted on support from traditional Democratic sources – especially unions. But he has also worked to forge an independent identity in Congress, co-sponsoring bills with Republicans, including one that would crack down on duplicative spending in the federal government, and breaking with his party on some key votes.
"In the Senate," he said, "I will continue to focus on working with members of both parties to overcome gridlock and identify practical solutions."
— Todd Spangler
Mike Rounds
South Dakota Republican
Republican Mike Rounds, the former governor of South Dakota, easily defeated Democrat Rick Weiland and former GOP senator Larry Pressler, who ran as an independent, to win the open seat of retiring Democratic Sen. Tim Johnson.
Republican Mike Rounds celebrates with supporters after winning South Dakota Senate race at an election night party in Sioux Falls, S.D. on Nov. 4, 2014.
(Photo: Michael Conroy, AP)
The 60-year-old Rounds has been winning elections in South Dakota for more than 20 years. He served two terms as governor from 2003 through 2011. Before that, he was elected to five terms in the South Dakota state Senate, where he served as majority leader for six years.
As governor, Rounds focused on boosting economic development and tourism and investing more money in education and college scholarships.
In his race for Senate, Rounds called for reining in the Environmental Protection Agency's proposal to reduce global warming emissions, eliminating the U.S. Department of Education, and repealing and replacing Obamacare.
"I think big government is the biggest challenge we've got, and we want big government out of South Dakota," Rounds said during a debate.
Democrats attacked Rounds for his management of the state's EB-5 program, which allows immigrants to earn legal status in the U.S. if they invest in job-creating businesses. The FBI is investigating the state's handling of the program, which is now closed.
After leaving the governor's office, Rounds returned to his insurance and real estate business as president and CEO. He has also served on the Bipartisan Policy Center's Governors' Council, created in 2011 to help come up with solutions to national problems ranging from transportation to health care.
Rounds has spent his entire life in South Dakota, where he was born in 1954 as the eldest of 11 children. He earned a bachelor's degree in political science from South Dakota State University, where he met his wife, Jean. They have four children and six grandchildren.
The former governor is a licensed commercial pilot and avid outdoor enthusiast who enjoys flying, hunting, camping, and boating.
— Erin Kelly
Nebraska Republican
Ben Sasse, the new senator from Nebraska, is no stranger to the ways of Washington.
Sasse, 42, served in George W. Bush's administration in different roles with the Justice and Homeland Security departments, before doing a stint as an assistant secretary at the Department of Health and Human Services. For a short time, Sasse was also chief of staff to Rep. Jeff Fortenberry, R-Neb.
Sen.-elect Ben Sasse celebrates during his election party on Nov. 4, 2014, in Lincoln, Neb.
(Photo: Eric Gregory, AP)
He started his career at Boston Consulting Group and eventually joined McKinsey and Company, helping to turn around companies. Sasse's campaign bio said he advised hospital boards and health-care providers. He also taught at the University of Texas at Austin.
The Republican is an outspoken critic of the Affordable Care Act and kept a copy in his campaign RV as he crossed the state looking for votes, according to Nebraska's public radio stations.
A fifth generation Nebraskan, Sasse spent six summers tending to cornfields and hand-weeding soybean fields. He was recruited to wrestle at Harvard University and then quarterbacked the football (not soccer) team at Oxford. Eventually Sasse earned a doctorate at Yale.
As a college wrestler, Sasse's secret weapon was to head butt his opponents. He has no feeling where he has a long scar on top of his forehead, the result of falling off a hayloft as a child. The Washington Post reports that injury allowed Sasse to excel with his wrestling specialty.
In 2009, Sasse was named president of then-struggling Midland University in Fremont, Neb. Sasse has overseen years of record growth, operating surpluses and academic improvements.
Sasse defeated Democrat Dave Domina to succeed retiring GOP Sen. Mike Johanns. His primary victory in May over two rivals was considered a big win for Tea Party groups and conservatives such as Sarah Palin and Sen. Ted Cruz.
Sasse and his wife, Melissa, home school their children Elizabeth, Alexandra and Breck.
— Catalina Camia
Dan Sullivan
Alaska Republican
Former Alaska attorney general and Department of Natural Resources commissioner Dan Sullivan defeated Democratic Sen. Mark Begich in one of 2014's marquee Senate races.
Sullivan, 49, will be one of the younger members of the U.S. Senate and will join the ranks of military veterans in Congress. He has served both on active duty and in the reserves in the U.S. Marine Corps since 1993.
Republican U.S. Senate candidate Dan Sullivan takes part in a television interview on Nov. 4, 2014, in Anchorage Alaska.
(Photo: Ted S. Warren, AP)
On the campaign trail, Sullivan pitched himself as an optimistic who "will rise above the negativity and gridlock that is plaguing our country."
Democrats tried to make an issue of Sullivan's residency — he was born in Ohio and lived in the Washington, D.C., metro area as an aide in the George W. Bush administration — but the issue did not resonate with Alaskans.
Sullivan is a graduate of Harvard University and has a law degree from Georgetown University. One of his close friends in law school, Mike McFadden, also ran for the Senate this year against Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., and lost.
Sullivan is expected to be a reliably conservative vote in the Senate. He has said that he would like to model himself after the legendary late Alaska GOP Sen. Ted Stevens, who served for 40 years and delivered billions in federal dollars to build up the young state. Stevens' daughter, Lily Stevens Becker, endorsed Sullivan in an editorial. "I strongly believe that Dan embodies the qualities my father brought to the U.S. Senate when he served Alaska," she wrote.
Sullivan's campaign was aided by the endorsement of GOP Sen. Lisa Murkowski, who is popular among the critical voting bloc of Alaskan women. Sullivan touted his efforts to combat the state's high rates of domestic violence and sexual assault, particularly in Native Alaskan communities, when he served as attorney general.
Sullivan has a wife, Julie, and three daughters.
— Susan Davis
Thom Tillis
North Carolina Republican
North Carolina Republican Thom Tillis won a seat in the U.S. Senate after running against a pair of Democrats: incumbent Kay Hagan and President Obama.
Republican Sen.-elect Thom Tillis waves to supporters at an election night rally in Charlotte, N.C., on Nov. 5, 2014, after defeating Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan.
(Photo: Chuck Burton, AP)
During the Senate campaign, he consistently linked Hagan to Obama actions both foreign and domestic.
"You know, when you vote with the president 96% of the time, you represent the president's policies, the policies that are going to be on the ballot in November," Tillis said during one debate with Hagan.
Tillis, 54, entered the workforce after graduating from high school, according to his campaign website, later earning a college degree at age 36.
Before entering politics he worked in business, eventually becoming a partner with PricewaterhouseCoopers.
He was elected to the North Carolina state House in 2006 and quickly rose through the party ranks to become speaker.
Tillis and his wife, Susan, have two children and live in the North Mecklenburg area of North Carolina.
Hagan, who sought her second term in the Senate, campaigned against Tillis' legislative record, saying he led a Tea Party takeover of the Tar Heel State.
"One hundred percent of the time, Speaker Tillis's policies have hurt North Carolina," Hagan said during an Oct. 7 debate. "He's gutted education, killed the equal pay bill, no Medicaid expansion."
Tillis promoted his conservative credentials during the campaign. Stressing his experience in the business world, Tillis said he would help bring tax-cutting, regulation-reducing, "pro-growth policies" to the national economy.
Hagan led in polls for most of the race, but Tillis rallied amid attacks on the Obama administration.
The campaign was among the harshest of the election year, featuring millions of dollars of negative ads.
— David Jackson

Why a British town burned Vladimir Putin in effigyBy Adam Taylor November 6 Follow @mradamtaylor
An effigy portraying Russian President Vladimir Putin is paraded through the town of Lewes, England, where an annual bonfire night procession is held by the bonfire societies on Nov. 5. (Gareth Fuller/PA via Associated Press)
It was striking to see a huge statue, perhaps 20 feet tall, of Vladimir Putin parading through the streets of an English town on Wednesday. Putin, bare-chested and holding a rifle, is standing atop a wrecked aircraft: a macabre reference to Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, allegedly shot down by Kremlin-backed separatists in Ukraine this summer, killing all 298 people aboard.
But what might seem really shocking is what happens next: The residents of this sleepy, seaside town (population, about 3,000) burned Putin to the ground.
That's because Wednesday evening marked one of the most unique events in the British calender, a beguiling night that originated from the intertwining of conspiracy and religion but has now become more about fireworks and fun: Guy Fawkes Night.
A police officer watches as participants in costumes hold burning torches during a procession amid Guy Fawkes celebrations in Lewes, southern England, on Nov. 5. (Luke MacGregor/Reuters)
The event dates to Nov. 5, 1605, when a young Catholic man named Guy Fawkes was found in a cellar under the Houses of Parliament in London with dozens of barrels of gunpowder. Fawkes was horrifically tortured and eventually gave up his co-conspirators, who had planned to blow up the Houses of Lords and kill the Protestant king of England and Scotland, James I.
It was a remarkably important political event at the time, used by James to not only clamp down on England's non-conforming Catholics but also to help further unite the kingdoms of England and Scotland. Fawkes was hanged, drawn and quartered, and his body parts were sent to the four corners of England in a bid to deter would-be plotters.
Almost immediately, Nov. 5 was set up as a day of Protestant, pro-government celebration. And while little is known about how it was initially commemorated, over the years it has evolved into a celebration involving fireworks and bonfires. Effigies of Fawkes and, less frequently, other Catholic figures such as the pope, have been burned.
That celebration still occurs all over England, though usually stripped of its political and religious connotations. However, nowhere is it quite like it is in Sussex county, where a number of "bonfire societies" host elaborate events full of unique traditions. And in Sussex, Lewes may host the most extravagant of all the celebrations. For one thing, on Nov. 5, the town also commemorates the burning of 17 Protestants at the stake in the 16th century by carrying 17 burning crosses through the streets.
Bonfire societies parade through the streets of Lewes in Sussex, England, on Nov. 5. (Justin Tallis/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
But while the burning crosses provide a glimpse of a England's religious history, the burning of effigies has been updated for the modern era, often with controversial results. Almost anyone seems to be a fair target for the effigies: Over the years, effigies of figures as diverse as Osama bin Laden and George W. Bush have been burned.
— Lewes Bonfire (@LewesBonfire) November 6, 2014
According to the BBC , the 2014 Lewes celebration was among the largest in the country, despite warnings from the town that nonresidents should not attend. The event was so big that there were not one but two effigies of Putin.
A giant effigy of Russian President Vladimir Putin is paraded by costumed participants during bonfire night celebrations in Lewes, England, on Nov. 5. (Luke MacGregor/Reuters)
But while the burning of two effigies of one of the world's most important leaders may seem a problem of a potentially geopolitical nature, any controversy over Putin has been eclipsed by a problem closer to home.
At least two effigies of Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond, leader of Scotland's failed independence bid, were paraded in Lewes this year , leading to an outcry on social media. Sussex police later announced that the effigies would not be burned and that there would be an investigation.
An effigy of Scottish leader Alex Salmond is paraded through Lewes, England, on Nov. 5. (Justin Tallis/Agence France-Presse)
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Jeb Bush weighs in on the electionsBy Jennifer Rubin November 6 Follow @JRubinBlogger
On Facebook, Former Florida governor Jeb Bush congratulated Senate Republicans after their monster win on Tuesday. “A strong slate of Senate candidates campaigning on conservative solutions made a compelling case to voters this year, and this great victory belongs to them,” he wrote. “Republicans in Congress now have the opportunity – and the responsibility – to demonstrate to American voters that our party can effectively govern. That requires pursuing and passing a serious growth agenda for our nation that expands opportunity for all Americans. It’s time for Republicans to roll up our sleeves and get to work.” He concluded, “I’m confident that the phenomenal candidates elected to the Senate this year, along with the strong conservative leadership in the House of Representatives, can pass the common-sense solutions critical for our future.”
Former Florida governor Jeb Bush (Hector Gabino/El Nuevo Herald via Associated Press)
There are a number of takeaways.
First, a year ago, Bush might not have bothered to issue a statement. It is a mark of the degree to which he has re-engaged in national politics that he issued not only a statement but also advice. Do something for voters. Focus on growth (as opposed to penny-pinching on the budget). Shorter: Don’t be jerks. One also can look at his statement as an implicit rebuke of backbenchers bent on making fruitless gestures and strutting their conservative bona fides, and a warning to some who think the road to the presidency begins with undermining deals and their own leaders. The beneficiaries of continued antics in the House and Senate would be not only the Democrats but also governors and ex-governors who can run against Washington in 2016.
Second, either way, GOP governors gain. If the GOP works diligently and encounters multiple vetoes, it is an argument for a cooperative chief executive. If Republicans squander the opportunity, it is a plus for those presidential candidates outside of D.C. with actual records to run on.
Third, it is easier to be a right-wing senator in the minority in your first two years than in the majority for the next two years. For starters, there are a bunch of fresh new faces with expertise who may show up the 2012 and 2010 class gadflies. It is not so easy, for example, to claim with a straight face that airpower alone will win the war against the Islamic State when incoming senators with military backgrounds like Tom Cotton and Joni Ernst rise up to explain you are talking nonsense. Moreover, it is one thing to defend an empty record when you are in the minority but quite another when you have the ability to pass bills. People begin to worry if you are all talk and no action, like President Obama.
Fourth, a lot of conservatives won on Tuesday who have positions on issues very similar to Jeb Bush’s. As I have noted, there are GOP governors such as John Kasich in Ohio and Rick Snyder in Michigan who have embraced Common Core. Govs. Susana Martinez (N.M.), Nikki Haley (S.C.) and others have backed common-sense immigration reform. Bush’s record and positions as governor, many will find, are no less conservative than those reelected in states across the country or breaking through in blue and purple states. In short, Bush has a much easier time situating himself in the mainstream of the GOP with so many successful and like-minded winners.
Finally, the Facebook remarks are consistent with every statement and move Bush has made over the past few months: They reflect someone who is doing everything one would need to do before running for president, but as yet they offer no clue as to whether he will.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Target Names Chief Risk and Compliance OfficerAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

How GOP Congress Could Boost US EconomyBattlefield 2142 -- PC
Nov. 22, 2006
Electronic Arts brings near-future warfront combat to life with Battlefield 2142, the fourth game in its Battlefield series. A first-person shooter at heart that can be played with 15 computer-controlled enemies and allies, 2142 lives and breathes online and works similarly to the other games in the series -- Battlefield 1942, Battlefield Vietnam and Battlefield 2. Up to 64 players can join in on one game where the goals vary from capturing and controlling various strategic locations, to deathmatch-style games where it's all about body count.
But not everything in 2142 is borrowed from previous games. Aside from an arsenal of futuristic weapons, hover tanks, jet-powered helicopters and bipedal robotic tanks, the game introduces a new game mode called Titan mode. Players are divided into two teams, each with a large hovering "mothership" called a Titan, above the playing field. While the grunts on the ground duke it out, they're also fighting for control of missile silos that launch attacks on the opposing team's Titan, depending on who controls it.
The game also makes the experience points system from Battlefield 2 a much bigger part of the game as players must unlock weapons, accessories and even qualities and abilities like greater health and speed.
It was hard to imagine that EA could top the gorgeous vistas of Battlefield 2's Middle Eastern landscape and action-packed gameplay, but it's succeeded. Battlefield 2142 paints a picture of the future that's close enough to be accessible and yet far away enough that it feels otherworldly. If your computer has the horsepower, the graphics are stunning and no one should be without 5.1 surround sound to experience the game properly.
Battlefield 2142 is rated "T" for Teen, costs $49.99 and is made by Electronic Arts.
Join the Discussion

Kuznetsov could be scratched  Laich could return FridayBy Alex Prewitt November 6 Follow @alex_prewitt
Evgeny Kuznetsov lines up for a shot against Carolina. (AP)
Evgeny Kuznetsov understood the need for patience when he migrated from Russia, bound for a new country, new league and new language, and here Thursday morning came the latest challenge. When Coach Barry Trotz rejiggered his lines for practice, the 22-year-old Kuznetsov found himself outside the fray, penciled in for the first healthy scratch of his career.
“It’s my first time,” Kuznetsov said. “In KHL [the top-tier Russian league], play like 24, 25 minutes, but it’s different league and like new life for me. I understand before I come into NHL, I know what happens here. It was the league here. It’s hard for me. I want to do this. Why not? Like, second life.”
The second life has not yet unfolded like his first, when he earned first-line minutes in Russia. Instead, Trotz has bounced Kuznetsov around the lineup, playing everywhere but the first line. In fact, only two Capitals forwards have not skated beside another forward for more than 50 percent of their even-strength ice time: Jay Beagle and Kuznetsov. Only the position – center – stayed the same.
“This is hockey life,” Kuznetsov said. “Today you don’t play, tomorrow you play. You need to be ready every day. This is the life. I’m ready for this. You know, last game was not my best game, I understand this, and I ready to work. Hard work. If this good for team, it’s good for me too.”
If Kuznetsov indeed sits Friday in Chicago, as the Capitals look to snap a five-game losing streak, forward Brooks Laich would return from a left shoulder injury suffered Oct. 18 vs. Florida. At practice, Laich centered a line with Joel Ward and Jason Chimera, reuniting the group that began the regular season together.
“He took some draws and we’ll see how he feels tomorrow,” Trotz said. “We’ll put him in the middle tomorrow, if he plays.”
After watching the Capitals drop six of seven since he went down, Laich said he intends to play Friday in Chicago and Saturday at home vs. Carolina. The shoulder, he said, has strengthened each day.
“No, I plan on playing both,” Laich said. “I plan on playing the rest of the year. It’s not a feel-your-way-around kind of thing. We’re starting to fall back from the pack a little bit. It’s time to win some hockey games. I’m only looking at tomorrow’s game, but certainly feel good enough to keep going.”
That would leave Kuznetsov sitting in the press box, without much cause other than the Capitals’ surplus of forwards. Forward Eric Fehr skated beside Kuznetsov and Aaron Volpatti (neck) on Washington’s fifth forward line at practice, and would appear to also be headed for another scratch.
Asked whether he wanted to see anything more from Kuznetsov, Trotz said the forward, who had registered three points over the past four games, understood the “process and patience” as his NHL development and acclimation progress. Still, Trotz said he hadn’t yet decided whether Kuznetsov would get scratched Friday.
“He’s got a great attitude,” Trotz said. “I don’t really have any reservation. I think Kuzy’s going to be a good player … He understands that we’ve got some guys, for a situational type thing, we might go in a little different direction for a game or two games.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

FBI arrests man for allegedly creating Silk Road 2.0 to sell drugs on the Dark WebBy Craig Timberg November 6 Follow @craigtimberg
Federal authorities have arrested a California man for allegedly operating a new Silk Road marketplace, the freewheeling online bazaar for drugs and other illegal goods that the FBI shut down last year,  officials announced on Thursday .
The man, Blake Benthall, 26, of San Francisco, has been charged with money laundering, conspiring to commit narcotics trafficking and conspiring to commit computer hacking. Conviction on the charges could lead to life in prison, federal officials said in a news release announcing the arrest, which happened on Wednesday. The release said that Benthall went by the alias “Defcon” and secretly owned and operated a site called “Silk Road 2.0.”
Federal officials have aggressively targeted illicit online marketplaces in recent years and loudly complained that sophisticated encryption technology, such as the anonymous Tor network, helps enable criminal activity. Silk Road 2.0, the bureau said in its news release, generated $8 million in profits each month serving about 150,000 active users.
“Following a very close business model to the first, as alleged, Blake Benthall ran a website on the Tor network facilitating supposedly anonymous deals of drugs and illegal services generating millions of dollars in monthly sales,” said George Venizelos, the FBI's assistant director-in-charge of its New York office, according to the news release. “Benthall should have known that those who hide behind the keyboard will ultimately be found.”
The original Silk Road, part of what’s known as the Dark Web because it’s not easily accessible to all Internet users, was notorious for offering a wide range of drugs, weapons and other illicit goods for anonymous sales, with transactions made in Bitcoins, an online currency that’s more difficult for authorities to trace than traditional currencies issued by governments. The FBI arrested founder of the original Silk Road, Ross William Ulbrich t, in October 2013 and seized the site's assets, including Bitcoins valued at $3.6 million. He allegedly went by the alias "Dread Pirate Roberts."
Federal officials said on Thursday that Silk Road 2.0 began operation in November 2013, the month after the original one was closed. The site had more than 13,000 listings for illegal drugs, including Ecstasy, cannabis and psychedelics. Also available were fraudulent documents and tools for computer hacking, according to the news release, though it made no mention of weaponry, which was available on the original Silk Road.
The Tor network, though sometimes used by criminals, also is used by a wide range of people seeking to evade government monitoring of their Internet traffic. It was developed by U.S. Naval Research Laboratory and still receives substantial federal government funding. The Tor Project, a non-profit group, now operates Tor.
The arrest and charging of Benthall was a joint operation involving the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, Homeland Security Investigations and several other law enforcement agencies in the United States and around the world. The arrest took place in San Francisco and he was expected to make an initial appearance before a federal magistrate judge there on Thursday.
Have more to say on this topic? Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Craig Timberg is a national technology reporter for The Post.

Tommy Lasorda talks Matt Williams before being honored with Bob Feller Award(Nick Swisher, Navy Senior Chief Petty Officer Carl Thompson, Anne Feller, Tommy Lasorda, Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus, Act of Valor Award creator Peter Fertig/ Via @TommyLasorda)
Tommy Lasorda won 1,599 games and
four
two World Series titles over his 20-year career as manager of the Los Angeles Dodgers. For his last 10 seasons in Dodger Blue, Lasorda had a dugout view of Nationals Manager Matt Williams, then a power-hitting third baseman for the rival San Francisco Giants, for several heated games a year.
“When he was a player, I wanted to really beat his [butt],” said Lasorda, one of three recipients of the Bob Feller Act of Valor Award presented Wednesday at the U.S. Navy Memorial. The 87-year-old Lasorda was more complimentary of Williams’s first season with the Nationals.
“It’s his first year as a manager, he got them in the playoffs, that’s good,” said Lasorda, who lost in the World Series in each of his first two full seasons as manager and led the Dodgers to
back-to-back championships in his fifth and sixth years
World Series titles in 1981 and 1988.
And what about Williams’s decision to pull Jordan Zimmermann with two outs in the ninth inning of Game 2 of the NLDS, a move some Nationals fans will debate for years?
“Let me tell you something,” Lasorda said before Wednesday’s ceremony. “You know what a second-guesser is? A second-guesser is someone who don’t know anything about the first guess and a second-guesser is someone who needs two guesses to get one right. You gotta be in his position to know what’s really it. That’s why I never second-guess a manager because you don’t know what’s going on. He might have his problems with this guy, or that guy. You don’t know. You can’t criticize him because he’s doing what he thinks he has to do in whatever situation.”
Lasorda, Cleveland Indians first baseman Nick Swisher and U.S. Navy Chief Petty Officer Carl Thompson were honored for exemplifying the values, integrity and dedication to serving the United States that the late Bob Feller possessed. Feller, a right-handed pitcher, won 266 games during his 18-year Hall of Fame career with the Indians. He missed three full seasons after enlisting in the Navy one day after Japan attacked Pearl Harbor in 1941.
The Act of Valor Award, which was established last year, recognizes a current MLB player, a Hall of Famer and a naval chief petty officer. Adam LaRoche was among this year’s 12 player nominees.
Thank you @USNavy and the Bob Feller Found. for the Act of Valor Award! Congrats @NickSwisher & ACTS Carl M Thompson pic.twitter.com/wI8JCZ6tdc — Tommy Lasorda (@TommyLasorda) November 6, 2014
After playing the 1945 season with the minor league Concord Weavers in the Philadelphia Phillies organization, Lasorda missed the next two seasons while serving in the Army. He would pitch only three seasons in the majors before becoming a scout for the Dodgers and has remained active in military outreach throughout his life.
“I always want to go and visit with people that wear the uniform of the United States of America,” Lasorda said. “I like to talk to them, I like to meet them, I like to tell them how much we appreciate what they do for us.”
Swisher, whose grandfather, Don, served in the army during the Korean War, is active in the Wounded Warrior Project. He spent his honeymoon with his wife, actress JoAnna Garcia, meeting with troops on a USO tour to Afghanistan.
Lasorda spent much of his acceptance speech regaling the audience, which included Navy dignitaries and Feller’s widow, Anne, with jokes and stories from his baseball career. He was sentimental when recalling the gold medal he won as manager of the 2000 U.S. Olympic baseball team.
“When they raised that American flag and they played our national anthem, I cried,” Lasorda said. “I cried because I thought and believed that I did something for my country. That was the greatest thing in the world for me. I managed four World Series, [but] they can’t compare. San Diego Padres fans don’t like you when you win the World Series. They don’t like you in Cincinnati. They hate you in San Francisco. But when you bring that gold medal back, you did it for the United States of America.”
. @NickSwisher (w/Anne Feller) honored in DC as Bob Feller Act of Valor Award winner. RECAP: http://t.co/4CxoM9BDWE pic.twitter.com/BwGyCEGPBp
— Cleveland Indians (@Indians) November 6, 2014
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Griffin defends prerogative to extend playsBy Liz Clarke November 6 Follow @lizclarketweet
Vikings defensive end Brian Robison sacks Washington quarterback Robert Griffin III for a four-yard loss, one of five sacks in Sunday’s game. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
The five sacks leveled on Robert Griffin III were the most on a Redskins quarterback in a single game this season. And they brought Griffin’s tally of sacks taken in his limited play (two full games and one quarter) under first-year Coach Jay Gruden to nine.
Speaking to reporters before the 3-6 Redskins adjourned for their bye week, Griffin conceded the importance of getting the ball out in a timely manner. But he also staunchly defended his prerogative to hang onto it in the face of pressure in an effort to salvage plays with a last-second throw or scamper for a gain.
“You’ve just got to play the game the way you know how to play the game,” Griffin said. “You know, I feel like I add an element to the game by being able to extend plays and make plays. … You’ve just got to find that good balance of making those plays and not taking too many sacks.”
Griffin’s vaunted 4.3 speed was a tremendous asset his rookie season, as well as a thrilling aspect of his game. Though he has suffered two leg injuries since (dislocating his left ankle in September, just 20 months after undergoing a second reconstructive surgery on his right knee), Griffin clearly has retained the mind-set of that elusive quarterback he was two seasons ago. If the occasional sack is the downside of trying to salvage plays with his legs, so be it, he seemed to suggest.
“I think sacks are a part of the game. You don’t want to take many of them, and I will always work on that,” Griffin said. “But I am not going to limit myself out there on the field, because I think that is a detriment to our offense if I take that part of my game out.”
Not all five of Griffin’s sacks in the loss at Minnesota were the quarterback’s fault. In some cases, the pass protection failed him.
Sharrif Floyd, top right, and Tom Johnson, left, sack Griffin on second and 16 right after Sunday’s two-minute warning. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
The most costly was his fifth and final sack, which came just after the two-minute warning sounded , Washington trailing by three. Operating out of the shotgun on second and 16, Griffin didn’t see a target that suited him, or perhaps didn’t see a target at all, and was swarmed by two defenders who dropped him for a four-yard loss.
From third and 20, Griffin scrambled for a 14-yard gain that set up a must-have completion to force overtime or win the game outright.
Despite the poor throw to Pierre Garcon that followed, killing the potential game-winning drive, and a costly interception late in the second quarter, Gruden said he felt Griffin did enough in his first game back from his Week 2 ankle injury to have helped Washington beat Minnesota.
That said, Gruden acknowledged that Griffin needs to improve on his decision-making when it comes to letting the ball go.
“You’ve got to have a clock in your head as a quarterback,” Gruden said. “And sometimes he [Griffin III] gets locked in somewhere and by the time he comes off to his secondary receiver, he feels the pocket closing in on him and doesn’t have time to move.”
Here’s a look at the number of sacks taken by each Redskins quarterback this season, the yards surrendered as a result, followed by their sacks-per-quarter, for comparison’s sake:
Griffin (in nine quarters of play): Nine sacks, 61 yards lost, 1.0 sack per quarter played, 6.8 yards lost per sack.
Colt McCoy (six quarters of play): Five sacks, 21 yards lost, 0.8 sacks per quarter, 4.2 yards lost per sack.
Kirk Cousins (21 quarters of play): Eight sacks, 70 yards lost, 0.4 sacks per quarter, 8.75 yards lost per sack.
More from The Post:

Forget Interstellar: Americas doing less to travel to space than ever beforeBy Zachary A. Goldfarb November 6 Follow @Goldfarb
Matthew McConaughey, in a scene from the film Christopher Nolan's '"Interstellar." from Paramount Pictures and Warner Brothers Pictures,. (AP Photo/Paramount Pictures, Melinda Sue Gordon)
Christopher Nolan's highly-anticipated new movie "Interstellar" hits theaters Friday with hopes  of being this generation's answer to Stanley Kubrick's 1968 masterpiece "2001: A Space Odyssey." (Not everyone agrees: "Interstellar" only has a score of 73  on Rotten Tomatoes.) Nonetheless, the film is likely to spark imaginative discussions about space and how far we'll travel as a civilization.
The latest data points aren't good on that matter, though. There's not only last week's deadly crash by Virgin Galactic, which hoped to launch widespread space tourism, or the unexpected explosion of a rocket headed toward the International Space Station. The United States also retired the space shuttle fleet in 2011. And, as you can see in the chart below, we now spend less on NASA -- relative to the wealth of overall economy -- than at any point in history.
Although exploring space has been an iconic part of the American imagination for decades, it's never registered high on the list of the public's priorities. Dating back to the 1970s, Americans have consistently said we're spending too much on space. Equally interestingly, though, Americans seem to be aware of how much less we're spending today. As recently as 2012, polling showed that more Americans than ever before thought that we were spending too little.
Zachary A. Goldfarb is policy editor at The Washington Post.

Navistar International COO retires0
Persio Lisboa, vice president and chief procurement officer, was promoted to president of operations. He will also be responsible for product development, manufacturing and global businesses.
Walter Borst, Navistar's chief financial officer, is now also responsible for business development, mergers and acquisitions, and corporate strategic planning.
"Jack has been an important leader at this company for more than three decades, and he played a critical role during our turnaround these past two years," Troy Clarke, Navistar's chief executive, said in a statement. "Now, we are counting on these three talented and energetic leaders to work with me and the rest of the organization to drive Navistar forward on its path to profitable growth."
Lisle-based Navistar is on a turnaround plan that has included laying off workers, closing plants, selling business units and outfitting some trucks and buses with engines from competitor Cummins. The company also has worked with Cummins to make engines that meet 2010 federal emissions standards.
The company has battled warranty charges tied to engines that failed to meet 2010 federal emission standards, a loss of military business and a decline in sales. It expects to end the year with a combined market share "a point or two less than" its forecast of 21 percent.
In September, Navistar reported a third-quarter loss of $2 million, or 2 cents per share, compared with a loss of $247 million, or $3.06 per share, in the year-earlier period. Revenue was flat, at $2.8 billion.

Athletico to buy Accelerated RehabAthletico to buy Accelerated Rehab
Mark Kaufman, Athletico president.
By Corilyn Shropshire , Chicago Tribune contact the reporter
Deal for Accelerated will enlarge Athletico's network to 336 locations.
Athletico Physical Therapy said Thursday it planned to buy competitor Accelerated Rehabilitation Centers on Thursday for an undisclosed amount.
The deal, which is expected to close by the end of the year, will create a physical therapy and rehabilitation center network that includes 336 locations in eight states and that employs about 4,000, a representative said. Accelerated, which is owned primarily by private equity firm Omers, will bring its ProRehab and Newsome Physical Therapy brands to the deal.

The Rise of Online News Has Not Been the Death of Quality Reportingreddit
I love reading the newspaper. By which I mean the black-and-white, often-messy, use-two-hands, used-to-be-a-tree paper item that is delivered to front doors in increasingly few numbers. The paper paper. Indeed, I am one of those people Marshall McLuhan, who coined the phrase "the medium is the message," was talking about when he said, "People don't read newspapers. They slip into them like a warm bath." I have long luxuriated in the ritual of spending Sunday morning with the newspaper spread out in front of me, long before it was actually considered a luxury.
Nearly a decade ago, I began to mourn what was predicted then (and still) as the impending death of the newspaper. In the years since, this has proven to be sort of true. We've seen newspapers decline, then resurge, then decline once more. Wealthy men got into the business of saving newspapers -- Jeff Bezos at the Washington Post, John Henry at the Boston Globe, Warren Buffett in small towns across the U.S. -- in what many took as a sign of optimism.
But, then, I've never really been concerned that print papers would actually cease to print. That fact seems inevitable. More, it was concern that as newspaper companies adapted to the realities of consumers that can travel the world on their iPhones -- and, yes, as they're bought up by businessmen who've made millions not by refusing to think forward -- they become a shell of their original purpose and instead a brand name. They become marketing tools, storefronts, for a collection of websites and niche publications. The ventures, of course, that make the money. In the meantime, the gravitational force that holds the parts of a community in its orbit slowly slips away. We no longer look for the election highlights together, the morning after; we look for them at midnight the night before. By the morning, everyone has weighed in. Nothing feels personal.
The Internet is, without a doubt, a sea of self-interests. In recent years, as predicted, we have seen digital newspapers share space with those who have a position to promote, a score to settle, a diet to sell. We have seen the rise of a community known as the disgruntled commenter, the one who picks fights, hates the writing, never has anything nice (or productive) to say.
But that's the price we pay and, well, I've come to realize it's a relatively small one. Because at the same time, the Internet has surprised us with not only its profitability but also its ease, its accessibility, and its scope. Turns out, online isn't any more lowbrow or any less intellectual than the Internet (except, of course, where it is but, then, there have always been tabloid print pubs, too). There are callous commenters, yes, but there are also thoughtful ones who spark real conversation and debate, offering real-time feedback -- and thereby foster a real sense of community. The Internet is a democracy, and we're all invited to join the conversation. That's not news-lite; that's life.
The infinity of the Internet has also spawned a resurgence in long-form journalism, with sites like Longform.org, Byliner, and Longreads.com, which collect and republish the best journalistic reads, as well as those like Medium and Atavist, which commission original content. These sites have even proven to be successful business models -- turns out, people will pay for content online, so long as it's good. Deposed New York Times executive editor Jill Abramson recently announced that her latest digital venture with media vet Steve Brill will pay writers advances of $100,000 to create stories that are "longer than long magazine articles," and which will be read online.  Sure, the 140-character story is #trending, but so is the long, meaty (tablet) read. News organizations have found that using the Internet can actually enrich storytelling, as in the New York Times' excellent multimedia features that combine text and video in a seamless way. Websites have come to have the space -- and the budgets -- to encourage in-depth reporting and the sort of luxurious, dreamy storytelling that has gotten chopped down in publications restricted by page count.
There's also the immediacy and the accuracy of the Internet. Things like the fake box score reported to a Pennsylvania newspaper don't happen -- or do, but are quickly corrected. I have, as a result, found myself unexpectedly -- happily -- satisfied with the digital revolution, and the idea that the rise of online news needn't mean the death of quality and tradition, of thorough reporting and thoughtful storytelling. I have come to celebrate chiming in on stories I agree with, and hearing from readers of my own pieces who have perspectives to add.
And I've realized that I can have my digital and my print, too -- I still get the Sunday paper in print form because I enjoy the weekend morning ritual of turning a page versus swiping a screen, but find that reading it online the rest of the week serves my purposes. So am I worried about print anymore? No. As far as I'm concerned, there's no such thing as too few seats at the table. In this day and age, the fact that everyone's invited is cause for celebration.
Follow Dr. Peggy Drexler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drpeggydrexler
More:

http://usat.ly/1y9XarnEMAIL
Getty Images
Twitter (TWTR) sold shares to investors exactly one year ago today — and it’s been disappointing lesson for most regular investors. Privileged investors are up big on Twitter – but most everyone else found out how expensive hype can be.
Back on Nov. 6, 2013, Twitter sold 70 million shares of its stock to initial investors at $26 a share. These first investors — typically high-net worth investors and large mutual funds — are sitting pretty. Shares are up 58% from the initial price.
But here’s the problem. Most common investors couldn’t get shares at that offering price. Instead, many waiting for the lucky investors to sell and bought at the first-day closing price of $40.37 on Nov. 7, 2013. These investors are up just 2% during that time, while the Standard & Poor’s 500 is up 16%. #oops
Twitter is a reminder of the harsh reality of IPOs — by the time you can actually buy shares it’s often too late to make money. The rush of investors to buy overhyped stocks drives the price up — leading to disappointing future returns. Privileged investors get the shares at the attractive offering price — and then sell — locking in their gains while regular investors chase the shares on the open and often wind up overpaying for them.
What’s even more confusing for investors is that the company has performed admirably. Revenue during the September quarter has more than doubled from the same year-ago period to $361 million. And the company has met or topped quarterly earnings expectations four out of the past five quarter, says S&P Capital IQ.
But the problem is losses have also widened. The company reported a net loss of $176 million during the September quarter, much deeper than its $64.6 million loss in the September quarter a year ago.
Perhaps Twitter shares will redeem themselves – now that much of the hype is gone. Analysts have an average 18-month price target on the stock of $52.07. If the analysts are right, that would be a 27% upside.

http://usat.ly/1As8ViiSEND
EMAIL
Condoleezza Rice sits down for interview with Brian Kilmeade of Fox News. (Rob Kim, Getty Images)
Condoleezza Rice criticized racially charged campaign advertising in the South, saying messages that invoked the unrest in Missouri following the shooting death of Michael Brown were “appalling.”
“The idea that you would play such a card and try fear mongering among minorities just because you disagree with Republicans, that they’re somehow all racist … I find it appalling, I find it insulting,” said Rice during a Fox News interview. “As a Republican black woman from the South, I would say really? Is that really the argument you’re going to make in 2014?”
The former secretary of State grew up in segregated Alabama, when riots and police abuse of blacks were common in her hometown of Birmingham. One of the four girls killed in the 1963 bombing of the 16th Street Baptist Church was a playmate of hers.
Rice was responding on Fox & Friends to Democratic-backed ads that appeared in Georgia, North Carolina and other Southern states with close Senate contests aimed at driving up turnout among black voters. In Georgia, for example, a mailer from the state Democratic Party focused on what happened in Ferguson, Mo., after Brown was killed and the need to vote for a “better, safer future” for children.
Rice acknowledged racial tensions still exist in the United States, but progress has been made in race relations.
She was also asked about a comment by Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., the first African American elected to the Senate from the South since Reconstruction, that he was often told he was “not black enough” as he was growing up.
“What are we doing to our kids if we tell them their ethnic identity has to make them unsuccessful? That to me is a racist thing to say,” she said. “I’ve been asked many times myself and I say, ‘I’ve been black all my life, you don’t have to tell me how to be black.’ “
 

What a bad Iran deal would look likeBy Jennifer Rubin November 6 Follow @JRubinBlogger
In a must-read report from the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs (JINSA) task force on Iran, co-chaired by former ambassador Eric Edelman and former Obama adviser Dennis Ross, the authors warn about entering into one of the suggested arrangements leaked from the Iran P5+1 talks. They write:
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, center, walks with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, second from right, after addressing the United Nations General Assembly in New York in September. (Jason DeCrow/Associated Press)
As this Task Force laid out in a September paper, one such possibility would be to limit the total output of Iran’s enrichment facilities (as measured in Separative Work Units, or SWU). Since then, U.S. officials reportedly have considered another route, whereby Iran would disconnect the links between some or all of its thousands of installed centrifuges. . . [A]s with the SWU approach, Iran would maintain a latent nuclear weapons capability, and could even expand and upgrade its existing nuclear infrastructure without violating a final deal.
The authors proceed to explain how hard it would be to monitor compliance if we don’t also deal with “dismantlement of key elements of [Iran's] existing enrichment infrastructure — specifically centrifuges — and verifiable limits on centrifuge output, number and types of operating and installed centrifuges, research and development (R&D) activities, and enrichment levels and facilities, among others. Without these additional restrictions, Iran could expand its latent enrichment capability while adhering to a final deal.”
But the authors’ broader conclusion is applicable not only to a SWU-based deal or a deal unlinking centrifuges, but also to any sort of deal that doesn’t do what we have reiterated over two presidencies. In short, we cannot “contradict statements by Administration officials since the [Joint Plan of Action] was agreed that Iran must dismantle significant amounts of its nuclear infrastructure, and that it must close its Fordow enrichment facility.” If we did so, we would virtually guarantee that Iran “would never agree to dismantle a single centrifuge or to close Fordow.” That, in turn, makes enforcement of any alternative deal a mirage:
This would limit U.S. credibility when it comes to enforcing adherence to a comprehensive agreement. Promises to punish violations – whether by Iran, other countries or companies eager for the lifting of sanctions – would likely gain less traction if the United States was attempting to uphold a deal whose terms it had previously said were unacceptable. Furthermore, were Iran ever to decide to reconnect the tubes, the potential difficulties for the United States and its diplomatic partners of detecting such activities, discerning whether they constitute a clear violation and agreeing to an appropriate punishment before Iran had completed the process, could all compound the challenges stemming from limited credibility at the outset of the final deal.
The administration doesn’t like the choice, but it really is the only one it must face at this juncture: Will the administration stick to its position and pressure Iran to accept it by additional sanctions or threat of military force, or will it capitulate? I fear I know the answer, but I hope I am wrong.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

The weeks best concerts: Goapele  Usher and Chrissie HyndeGoapele (Photo from Lance Gross).
Goapele at the Birchmere
At the start of her career, Oakland-bred singer Goapele (pronounced gwa-puh-LAY) Mohlabane presented listeners with a sound unlike the R&B receiving regular radio play. The earthy and soulful vocals on her 2001 self-released debut album, " Closer ," were much more reminiscent of Rachelle Ferrell, Sade and Cassandra Wilson.
As the child of a South African father and a New York-born, Israeli-Jewish mother, Goapele’s music and style is often culturally rich and exploratory.
With a clear adoration for hip-hop, she has collaborated with such acts as South African rapper Hip Hop Pantsula and Oakland-based Panamanian duo Los Rakas, not to mention Mos Def and E-40.
Her new album, “ Strong as Glass ,” features soul, funk and classic R&B songs, all with an air of maturity. Snoop Dog is featured on the first single, “Hey Boy,” an upbeat track she wrote with British singer-songwriter Estelle.
Goapele, who likes to throw in old-school hits such as Roy Ayers’s “Everybody Loves the Sunshine” during her sets, will be playing her new work and some fan favorites during an intimate show at the Birchmere as part of her 13-city “Strong as Glass” tour. — Macy Freeman
With Russell Taylor on Sunday at the Birchmere. Show starts at 7:30 p.m. 703-549-7500. www.birchmere.com . $35.
Usher at the Verizon Center
The music industry is littered with hangers-on, one-hit wonders and pop singers who never get further than winning the grand prize on “American Idol.”
The ones with longevity, the performers who can release their fourth album and still see it shoot to No. 1 — that’s a short­ list. Among its more surprising entries might be Usher, who, for all his inane club jams, holds the title of having made the best-selling record spawned in the 2000s: “Confessions,” the 2004 album that gave the world sexy-sounding R&B that sliced like a knife, conjuring Usher as a man living double lives, impregnating mistresses and severing a string of lovers with a scorched-earth approach.
Usher Raymond IV succeeds mostly by taking R&B to its most explicit ends. He’s Barry White and Michael Jackson rolled into one baby-faced guy. (It doesn’t hurt that he happens to move like a man immune to gravity.) The showman, now 36, has made a series of savvy business choices, including signing Justin Bieber when Bieber was still a pretty likable moppet, and getting himself onto TV’s “The Voice” while the franchise was hot.
But Usher’s next album, his eighth, curiously is the first in the pop star’s catalogue to hit the skids; the record (which is rumored to have contributions from Nicki Minaj, Pharrell and Ed Sheeran) has been delayed, and its funky first single, “She Came to Give it to You,” is perhaps a little too much like Robin Thicke’s unfortunate “Blurred Lines.”
That hasn’t stopped Usher from hitting the road. In interviews, he’s promised that his first tour in three years will include a collection of hits and new material. But as for what to expect, he’s being coy, referring to the show as a “conversation” with the audience — perhaps a hint that more improvisation and crowd participation are in the cards? His show, dubbed the “UR Experience,” lands at Verizon Center on Monday. — Lavanya Ramanathan
With August Alsina and DJ Cassidy on Monday at Verizon Center. Show starts at 7:30 p.m. 800-745-3000. www.verizoncenter.com . $42.50-$178.
Chrissie Hynde at the Lincoln
After nine albums as the leader of the Pretenders and a 2010 duo album with J.P. Jones, Chrissie Hynde this year released her first album under her name alone: “Stockholm.” Ironically, it is also the first album where she shared all the songwriting duties with others: nine songs with Bjorn Yttling of the Swedish pop-rock trio Peter, Bjorn and John, and two with Joakim Ahlund of the Swedish hard-rock quartet the Teddybears.
No matter what name is on the album cover or in the musician or songwriting credits, Hynde’s personality is so strong that there’s a seamless continuity from the girl-group-in-black-leather sound of the Pretenders’ first single in 1980, “Stop Your Sobbing,” to the very similar sound of the first track on the new album, “You or No One.” The show that she’s bringing to the Lincoln Theatre on Friday is called “An Evening With Chrissie Hynde Performing Pretenders and Stockholm,” and it will be a challenge for casual fans to tell the old songs from the new.
It’s not that Hynde is repeating herself. Every new story she finds to sing comes equipped with a pop melody that invites and a noisy guitar riff that shoves back, a catch in the throat that hints at vulnerability and a snarl that dares anyone to try to take advantage. With the bulk of her life behind her rather than in front, however, the 63-year-old Hynde confronts not just the listener but also herself: “I’ve become what I criticized,” she sings on “Down the Wrong Way.” Joining her on that song is her former tourmate Neil Young, who also knows a thing or two about rusting and burning out. — Geoffrey Himes
With the Rails on Friday at the Lincoln Theatre. Doors open at 6:30 p.m. 202-888-0050. www.thelincolndc.com . $55-$75.
Macy L. Freeman is an editorial aide for the Weekend/Going Out Guide section at The Washington Post.
Lavanya Ramanathan is a professional eater/drinker/thinker for Weekend and the Going Out Guide. University of Texas. Northwestern University. Rap fan.

Geoffrey Himes  Macy Freeman and Lavanya Ramanathan
A roundup of Nationals playing winter ballBy James Wagner November 6 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Tyler Moore. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
A handful of Nationals are playing winter ball across Latin America. For some, it’s a chance to get more at-bats and innings after struggle or injury during the season. For a few, it’s another chance to prove themselves to the organization or prospective teams. The playing time during the winter is fluid; players will serve short stints or play the entire winter.
In the Dominican Republic, Tyler Moore is among the league’s best hitters. This winter and next spring are important for Moore, who is out of options. He is hitting .340 (16 for 47) with five home runs and 12 RBI in 14 games for the Toros del Este. Jhonatan Solano, who will also be in the same position as Moore, is hitting .222 (8 for 36) in 10 games for the Tigres del Licey. Also on the same team, right-handed reliever Manny Delcarmen has a 5.14 ERA in seven innings.
Light-hitting, defensively skilled shortstop Pedro Florimon, picked up on waivers late in the season, is hitting .196 (9 for 46) for the Leones del Escogido. Emmanuel Burriss, who had a strong season at Class AAA Syracuse this season, hit .259 (7 for 27) in nine games for the Gigantes del Cibao. Minor league third baseman Oscar Tejeda went hitless in one at-bat over three games for the same team.
In Venezuela, Sandy Leon, who will be out of options heading into spring training, is hitting .146 (6 for 41) in 11 games the Aguilas del Zulia. Minor league right-hander Paolo Espino has a 3.72 ERA in 19 1/3 innings for Caribes de Anzoategui. But there is a notable omission among Nationals players in the Venezuelan winter circuit: Wilson Ramos.
Ramos normally plays winter ball, or at least some, in Venezuela and loves doing it. But he isn’t on the Tigres de Aragua roster. He did stop by their stadium this week to practice with the team and see his two younger brothers, Natanael and David — a Nationals farmhand — who both play for the Tigres. Ramos told local reporters that this season with the Nationals was hard on his body and he wanted to rest, and spend more time with his newborn daughter. And, if he does play, he said it may be only as a designated hitter in late in the season, such as in December, as he did last winter.
A few players are in Puerto Rico. Left-handed reliever Xavier Cedeno, who will also be out of options in spring training, is on the Cangrejeros de Santurce roster but doesn’t appear to have pitched yet. Minor league shortstop Jose Lozada is 2 for 6 for the Senadores de San Juan. Rafael Martin has continued his phenomenal Syracuse season to the Naranjeros de Hermosillo in Mexico and hasn’t allowed a run in nine games.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

Shouting Fie! in a crowded Boston meetinghouseProf. Josh Blackman quotes a funny story from Nathaniel Philbrick’s “Bunker Hill: A City, a Siege, a Revolution” :
Bostonians in the eighteenth century had a decidedly different accent from the British, especially when it came to the pronunciation of the letter [R]. Instead of “Fie!” (a colonial-era word used to voice opposition to something) they heard the officers shouting “Fire!” Mistakenly fearing that the meetinghouse was about to be consumed in flames, they began to run for the doors as others leaped out the first story windows.
And things go downhill from there — check out the whole post.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Its Opposite Day for the hawks and doves at the Federal Reserve(Photos from left to right by Navesh Chitrakar/Reuters and Dan Kitwood/Getty)
Something strange is happening at the Federal Reserve: Hawks and doves are switching places.
To understand why this is important requires a quick lesson in the arcane language of central banking. The Fed has two economic mandates: preventing prices from rising or falling too much and making sure everyone who wants a job can get one. Traditionally, hawks are considered more worried about high inflation, while doves are more concerned about high unemployment.
Since the Great Recession, doves have dominated at the Fed. The central bank plunged into uncharted policy waters, slashing interest rates and pumping trillions of dollars in the financial system, all in hopes of curtailing the rapid rise in unemployment -- and brushing aside criticism from hawks who worried the torrent of cash could eventually lead to rampant inflation in an economy where people were throwing money at goods and services.
But now, it’s the hawks who are squawking about the labor market, while the doves are fussing over inflation. And in a most unusual way.
Take Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser, a hawk who is one of the central bank's most vocal critics of its easy-money stance. So far, his warning that the Fed’s stimulus efforts are providing the “ kindling that could fuel excessive inflation ” has not panned out. But he’s been spot on in predicting just how sharply the unemployment rate would decline.
Plosser has consistently been on the low end of the range in official Fed forecasts this year. In January, he called for the unemployment rate to fall to 6.2 percent by the end of the year , significantly below the central bank consensus . He cut his estimate again in June to 5.8 percent, putting him once again at the bottom of the Fed’s forecast range .
That also gives him the best shot at being right. The unemployment rate clocked in at 5.9 percent in September. Analysts are expecting it will hold steady tomorrow when the government releases data for October.
“The unemployment rate continues to fall faster than many policymakers had been forecasting,” Plosser said in a speech last month. “We are at least a year ahead of where we thought we would be ... How soon will we reach the year-end 2015 number?
Plosser argues that the rapid drop in unemployment means the Fed will need to raise its benchmark interest rate -- which has been at zero since the financial crisis -- sooner rather than later. He’s not the only hawk pointing fingers at the labor market. Dallas Fed President Richard Fisher warned in a speech this week that the unemployment rate is getting dangerously close to its lowest sustainable level.
“I liken monetary policy to duck hunting,” he said. “If you want to bag a mallard, you don’t aim where the bird is at present, you aim ahead of its flight pattern.”
And there are more aviary analogies ahead! Two of the Fed’s biggest doves -- Fed Presidents Charles Evans of Chicago and Narayana Kocherlakota of Minneapolis -- are pointing to low inflation as the reason for the Fed maintain its easy money stance.
Kocherlakota dissented against the central bank’s decision to end its bond-buying program this month over fears that inflation will not rise to meet the Fed’s 2 percent target for price increases, threatening its credibility. On Wednesday, he argued it would be a mistake for the central bank to raise rates before 2016. Analysts generally expect the Fed to move in the middle of next year.
“In my assessment, the medium-term outlook for inflation has shown no overall improvement since last December and, indeed, is arguably worse,” he said in a statement last week.
To be clear, the hawk-dove divide has not been completely breached. Hawks are still in favor of tighter policy, while doves want to keep it loose. But the shift in focus on both sides is a reminder of how permeable such labels can be. (Let’s not forget that just three years ago, Kocherlakota was an unabashed hawk pushing for a rate hike in 2011.)
Fed officials themselves dislike such distinctions. Instead, they emphasize that their decisions are based on economic data -- not ornithological loyalties. In other words, it’s worth remembering that as the central bank weighs the crucial moment of liftoff, birds of a feather may not always flock together.
Ylan Q. Mui is a financial reporter at The Washington Post covering the Federal Reserve and the economy.

Market echoes Fed s fears of a repeat of blunder of 1937You are here: Home > Collections
Market echoes US Federal Reserve’s fears of a repeat of the blunder of 1937
Bloomberg Nov 7, 2014, 07.03AM IST
Tags:
Chicago Fed
(That was the year, following…)
NEW YORK: The spectre of 1937 is weighing on the minds of top Federal Reserve officials as they work on a road map for unwinding their unprecedented economic stimulus.
That was the year, following a recovery from the Great Depression, that the Fed prematurely tightened monetary policy and was forced to backtrack as the economy fell back into a recession.
The dangers of repeating that mistake are highlighted in a survey of the 22 primary dealers that trade US Treasuries directly with the Fed. The dealers saw a 20% chance the Fed, which plans to raise its main interest rate in 2015, would be forced to cut it back to zero within two years, according to the median response to the poll, taken by the New York Fed before September's Federal Open Market Committee meeting.
"When I think of the odds of them having to reverse course, they are uncomfortably high because this is not your typical cycle and typical recovery," said Eric Green, head of US rates and economic research at TD Securities USA LLC in New York, a primary dealer.
The fact that the New York Fed's poll even raised the question of a return to zero interest rates shows that officials have doubts about tightening policy, said Green, a former New York Fed economist.
"When the central bank asks me that point blank -- what are the odds -- I also realise that while these guys have the confidence to take policy higher in terms of rates, the level of certainty is far less than usual," he said. "They are looking for affirmation desperately, wherever they can get it, that it's the right thing to do." The Fed received the survey results September 8 and published them October 9.
New York Fed president William C Dudley and Chicago Fed president Charles Evans in recent weeks have invoked the lessons of 1937 as reason for caution as the central bank prepares for the first interest-rate increase since it lowered its benchmark federal funds rate to zero in 2008.
"I believe that the biggest risk we face today is prematurely engineering restrictive monetary conditions," Evans said in a September 24 speech in Washington. "The US experience during the Great Depression — in particular, in 1937—is a classic example for monetary historians."
After a return to growth and inflation led the Fed to raise bank reserve requirements, and the government to reduce deficit spending, "the economy dropped back into recession and deflation," Evans said.
Dudley, answering questions at the Bloomberg Markets Most Influential Summit in New York on September 22, said premature tightening in the 1930s "turned out to be a horrible mistake. It's actually characterised as the mistake of 1937."
Policy makers at their September meeting discussed possible reasons why futures markets suggested a path of interest-rate increases far below Fed officials' own published projections. One explanation offered at the meeting: traders were placing "considerable odds" on the possibility that the federal funds rate would revert to zero within two years of the first increase, according to the minutes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US court reaffirms BP is liable in Gulf oil ...US court reaffirms BP is liable in Gulf oil spill
AP Nov 7, 2014, 01.32AM IST
(The June order and Wednesday's…)
NEW ORLEANS: A federal appeals court panel has reaffirmed its ruling that BP is liable for federal Clean Water Act damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill, the latest loss for the oil giant as it fights court decisions that could ultimately bring $18 billion in penalties.
The three-judge panel of the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals rejected arguments that there were errors in its June 4 ruling on BP's Clean Water Act liability. The ruling released Wednesday night is not the final say from the court. BP and its minority partner in the Macondo well, Anadarko Petroleum Corp., have a request pending for the full 15-member court to reconsider the issue.
The June order and Wednesday's follow-up were issued by Judges Fortunato Benavides, Carolyn Dineen King and James Dennis. They upheld U.S. District Judge Carl Barbier's ruling holding the well owners are liable.
BP and Anadarko had argued they were not liable because equipment failure on the leased rig Deepwater Horizon caused the April 2010 disaster. An explosion on the rig killed 11 workers and sent millions of gallons of oil spewing into the Gulf in what became the nation's worst offshore oil disaster.
Barbier has also ruled that BP was ``grossly negligent'' in the disaster. BP has asked Barbier to reconsider that finding, which, if it stands, would be a factor in whether the water act penalties for the company reach an estimated $18 billion.
Under the Clean Water Act, a polluter can be forced to pay from $1,100 to $4,300 per barrel of spilled oil. The higher limit applies if the company is found grossly negligent _ as BP was in Barbier's ruling. But penalties can be assessed at lower amounts.
Government experts estimated that 4.2 million barrels spilled into the Gulf. BP has urged Barbier to use an estimate of 2.45 million barrels in calculating any Clean Water Act penalties.
Barbier has scheduled a trial in January to help decide how much BP owes in federal Clean Water Act penalties.
BP declined comment on the latest ruling. Anadarko did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
In a June interview, Loyola University law professor Blaine LeCesne said he doubts Anadarko will have to pay much, if anything, in Clean Water Act fines because its partnership gave BP complete control over how the well was drilled and run.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Get ready for a titanic battle over immigrationBy Greg Sargent November 6 Follow @theplumlinegs
House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) outlined his priorities at a news conference following the midterm elections that swept many Republicans into Congress. He said the president "needs to put politics aside" in dealing with Republican lawmakers. (AP)
John Boehner, at a presser today , warned that if President Obama moves forward with executive action on deportations, Republicans will never, ever, ever act on the legislative immigration reform that Republicans have refused to act on for the last 18 months:
“I’ve made clear to the president that if he acts unilaterally on his own outside of his authority, he will poison the well and there will be no chance for immigration reform moving in this Congress,” Boehner told reporters at his first news conference after big GOP gains in Tuesday’s midterm elections.
“When you play with matches, you take the risk of burning yourself. And he’s going to burn himself if he continues to go down this path,” he said.
Shorter Boehner: If Obama doesn’t join us in refusing to lift a finger to address our broken immigration system, there is no chance we will ever lift a finger to address our broken immigration system, is that clear?
In the wake of the GOP victory, pundits and reporters have been treating the pending executive action as little more than an optics question — will Obama really dare stick his finger in the eye of the Republicans  after they won such a huge electoral victory? Shouldn’t he be acting more humbled by Tuesday’s outcome?
But beyond such superficialities, there are important questions at stake over the proper limits of executive prosecutorial discretion, over the enforcement priorities underlying them, and over the policy consequences of not acting. What’s more, this could be a big, big deal: It could result in a sustained battle in Congress that could have far reaching consequences for both parties.
Consider how this might unfold. If Obama acts — and that is still not confirmed — he is likely to grant deportation relief to millions . Once the new Congress convenes, it appears Republicans will try to pass something to block that action; Mitch McConnell has pledged to use the “funding process” to do just that.
Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), in line to be the next majority leader, said voters expect newly empowered Republicans and the White House to find common ground for action. (AP)
At that point, a senior Senate Democratic aide tells me, Senate Democrats would move to block the GOP’s action, meaning it would require 60 votes to pass. It’s possible some more conservative Democrats (Joe Manchin, Heidi Heitkamp, Jon Tester, Claire McCaskill, Joe Donnelly) could join with Republicans.
That could spark a fight among Democrats: It would infuriate progressives and immigration advocates. They would argue it’s politically imperative for Dems to remain united, to maintain maximum support among Latinos heading into the 2016 presidential race, when the national electorate will be more favorable to Democrats and also help them go on offense in Senate races in states with higher Latino populations.
It’s even possible that Republicans secure the 60 votes to pass something rolling back Obama’s executive action. At that point, the President would presumably veto it, increasing the intensity quotient still more.
During a news conference after election night, President Obama says he will continue to act through executive authority on immigration reform, as Congress has continuously delayed the issue. (AP)
Because this combines a fight over “amnesty” with one over alleged executive overreach, it will probably put the conservative media into five-alarm overdrive. Virtually every Republican official in the country will speak out against it. Ted Cruz will rampage throughout the Conservative Entertainment Complex warning of a Constitutional crisis.
If this reaches such incendiary levels, how far will GOP leaders feel compelled to go in fighting it? McConnell is already pledging that “there is no possibility of a government shutdown.” But if there is any area where conservatives will continue to demand maximum confrontation, you’d think it’s here. If so, they will demand a Total War posture against Obama’s efforts to defer the deportations of millions.
Democrats should be ready for this. It could very well be a huge battle. And by the way, the politics of it won’t be easy. While majorities favor legislative legalization, it’s not clear how the public will react to executive action on immigration.  I would not be surprised if the broader public disapproves of it.
But — given that this is happening nearly two years before the next election — what probably matters most politically over the long term is what Latinos end up thinking. While it’s true Democrats hurt themselves among Latinos with the deportation relief delay, a sustained fight culminating in deportation relief for millions could help restore the dynamic of much of the last year, in which Republicans were cementing their image as unwelcoming and as the party of maximum deportations , and Democrats were cementing theirs as the pro-immigrant party. That’s a much better contrast to have heading into the 2016 elections than it was heading into the 2014 contests.
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Boehner refuses to act on immigration reformBy Jonathan Capehart November 6 Follow @capehartj
House Speaker John Boehner speaks at news conference on Thursday. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg News)
If you want to know how messed up the political dynamic is on immigration reform, just look at what House Speaker John Boehner said at his news conference this afternoon. “It is time for the Congress of the United States to deal with a very difficult issue in our society,” Boehner said , “… it’s just time to deal with it.”
Okay, here’s the thing. In June 2013, the U.S. Senate passed an immigration overhaul bill with 68 votes. That’s an unheard-of tally in gridlocked Washington. The legislation went to the House, where it promptly died. Boehner (R-Hostage) backed down after the more vocal minority in his majority revolted . By June 2014, the president was in the Rose Garden announcing that he was going to take executive action because Boehner “informed me that Republicans will continue to block a vote on immigration reform at least for the remainder of this year.”
Ever since the election-night massacre of congressional Democrats, Republicans have been warning Obama against issuing an executive order on immigration. The presumed incoming Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, said yesterday , “It’s like waving a red flag in front of a bull to say, ‘If you guys don’t do what I want, I’m going to do it on my own.’ ” And Boehner said today, “When you play with matches, you run the risk of burning yourself. And the president is going to burn himself.”
Boehner is right about one thing. It IS time for the Congress of the United States to deal with a very difficult issue in our society. All he has to do is allow the Senate immigration bill to go to the floor for a vote in the lame-duck session. Boehner has the power to do what he says he wants done. Why won’t he use it?
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

Magistrate issues arrest warrants for 17 years but is new to probable causeBy Orin Kerr November 6
Here’s a remarkable case from the Ohio Supreme Court, State v. Hoffman , involving an unconstitutional arrest warrant. The defendant was arrested for a misdemeanor based on a defective arrest warrant, leading to the discovery of evidence of murder. The remarkable part is why the arrest warrant was defective. For at least 17 years, magistrates in Toledo, Ohio were instructed to issue arrest warrants without ever actually making a probable cause determination. Officers would just say that the suspect had committed an offense, and the magistrates would issue the warrant without ever hearing the factual basis for that conclusion. Here’s the testimony of the magistrate who issued the arrest warrant in this case:
Q. And during your 17 years of swearing in criminal complaints with requests for arrest warrants, did you know what probable cause was?
A. No.
Q. Had you ever made a probable cause determination?
A. No.
Q. Did any of [your] training include making a probable cause determination?
A. No, it did not.
Pretty astonishing, given that the text of the Fourth Amendment says, “no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause.”
In the new decision, the Supreme Court of Ohio recognizes the flagrant constitutional violation but concludes that the evidence in this case should not be suppressed because of the good-faith exception. An intermediate state case, State v. Overton , had involved a similar warrant, and the Overton court had held in a one-paragraph summary that the warrant had established probable cause. The Ohio Supreme Court concludes in Hoffman that Overton was binding appellate precedent under Davis at the time the warrant was issued in Hoffman, essentially trumping the text of the Fourth Amendment for purposes of the exclusionary rule.
I find Hoffman puzzling in two ways. First, I think the scope of the exclusionary rule for a defective warrant is set by United States v. Leon, 468 U.S. 897 (1984), not Davis. Leon lays out the standards for when the good faith exception applies to defective warrants, and it clearly does not apply here: Leon says that the good faith exception only applies if “[s]ufficient information [was] presented to the magistrate to allow that official to determine probable cause; his action cannot be a mere ratification of the bare conclusions of others.” This case involves exactly that mere ratification that Leon says won’t suffice. Given the clarity of Leon on this point, coming straight from the U.S. Supreme Court, it seems strange to me to apply Davis instead based on the conclusory decision in Overton.
Second, even if Leon applies instead of Davis, it’s not obvious to me that suppression is an available remedy. The problem, it seems to me, is that arrests generally don’t require warrants. Unlike searches, they generally require only probable cause. Given that, it’s not clear to me that a defective arrest warrant makes a difference. If the police have probable cause, they could make the arrest without a warrant. In such circumstances, I don’t see how the arrest violates the Fourth Amendment (as compared to the warrant) if the police also obtain a warrant that is defective. Probable cause authorizes the arrest, not the warrant, so a search incident to arrest should be okay. Granted, in Hoffman, it’s not clear that the police actually had probable cause. It looks like the officers relied mostly on the warrant in the suppression hearing rather than making the case for probable cause directly. Either way, probable cause is the real issue.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.

Thousands of Ebola deaths likely unreported: WHO expertThe raging Ebola outbreak has likely killed far more people than the 4,818 deaths reported by WHO, says an expert.
By: Agence-France Presse | Geneva | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:00 am
The raging Ebola outbreak has likely killed far more people than the 4,818 deaths reported by the World Health Organisation, an expert at the UN health agency said today, warning that thousands of fatalities were likely not accounted for.
“There are lots of missing deaths in this epidemic,” Christopher Dye, WHO’s strategy chief, told AFP, estimating that around 5,000 fatalities could be missing from the count.
This assessment, he said, was based on the knowledge that the fatality rate in the epidemic centred in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone stands at about 70 per cent.
But with total reported cases of infections reaching 13,042, that suggests that many of the deaths were going unrecorded.
Dye said the likely explanation was that many people were burying the dead in secret, possibly to avoid having authorities interfere with burial customs like washing and touching the deceased widely blamed for much of the transmission.
The UN’s health agency has created confusion with its latest figures of Ebola cases and deaths, which have shown shrinking numbers.
The toll provided Wednesday night showed 4,818 deaths, down from 4,951 reported on October 31, while the number of reported cases fell to 13,042 from 13,567.
This does not mean that the epidemic is over or that people have stopped dying from the deadly virus, Dye said, explaining instead that the drop in numbers was linked to a shift in the way WHO uses different databases to calculate the overall numbers.
“Many, many people are still dying of Ebola,” he said.
Up until recently, WHO had used several different databases from each of the affected countries to calculate the overall number of cases and deaths.
The different sources however meant that the numbers did not always progress in a consistent manner, fluctuating according to what data was available from the separate databases.
To avoid the fluctuations, the agency had shifted to only using data from each of the countries’ situation reports, based on daily counts of patients and deaths district by district.

NASA biggest test flight in years still on track despite accidentsNASA's biggest test flight in years remains on track for next month, despite last week's space-related accidents.
By: Associated Press | Cape Canaveral | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:16 am
NASA’s biggest test flight in years remains on track for next month, despite last week’s space-related accidents.
Officials said Thursday everything looks good for the December 4 launch of NASA’s new Orion capsule. This one will not carry a crew. Future Orions are meant to carry astronauts on missions of deep-space exploration.
The spacecraft will blast off atop a Delta IV rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida. The brief flight will send it 3,600 miles (5,800 kilometers) into space before parachuting into the Pacific.
William Hill, who helps run exploration systems development for NASA, says the test flight systems have nothing in common with either the Orbital Sciences rocket that blew up at liftoff on October 28 or the Virgin Galactic SpaceShip Two destroyed in flight last Friday.

Enjoy your post-election kumbaya moment. Its nothing new  and it almost never lasts.By Jaime Fuller November 6 Follow @j_fuller
U.S. Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell, we assume, is playing charades, and just might be acting out bipartisanship. REUTERS/John Sommers II
It's only been a few days since the 2014 election ended, and victors and incumbents have been unable to contain all of their enthusiasm about the change that is about to come to Washington. Legislators are eager to work together on mutual concerns, the president is excited to see what Republicans plan to do, and so much work is going to get done.
Just like they promised in 2012!
Wait a minute. Hmm. That sounds a bit off. What changed exactly in the past two years, besides more yelling and less work?
Anyway. This is your annual reminder that campaigning is very different from governing, and that promises made on the trail -- especially the super-nice-sounding, vague ones made within hours of an election concluding -- are usually very hard to keep.
Whether the fact that no one ends up keeping these lofty goals makes you feel better or worse about your own elected officials is up to you. Or you could just blame the Founding Fathers. They never expected this whole democracy thing to lead to quick changes. In fact, they were terrified by that possibility (read a history book, people).
In that spirit, here's a small sample of the shiny, happy, post-election boilerplate -- or resigned hopey-changey boilerplate -- we've heard both lately and many times before.
 
Harry Reid, 2014 : "The message from voters is clear: they want us to work together. I look forward to working with Sen. McConnell to get things done for the middle class."
Harry Reid, 2012: "Gridlock is not the solutions. It's the problem. And that's what's happened. I repeat. ... It's time we get to work. We can achieve really big things when we work together. That's what the American people said last night in a big way. I'm going to do everything within my power to be as conciliatory as possible. I want to work together, but I -- I want everyone to also understand you can't push us around. We want to work together."
Harry Reid, 2006 : “Guided by the spirit of bipartisanship, Democrats are ready to take this country in a new direction. ... I know that you’re not accustomed, members of the press, to people getting along, working together, but Sen. McConnell and I believe this is a new day in Washington."
 
Mitch McConnell, 2014 : “The gridlock and dysfunction can be ended."
Mitch McConnell, 2012: "Today is not a day to continue to campaign; in fact, turn the campaign off and turn the corner and start working on these serious problems that confront us ... We're open to discussion of all this with the president."
 
John Boehner and Mitch McConnell, 2014 : "The skeptics say nothing will be accomplished in the next two years. As elected servants of the people, we will make it our job to prove the skeptics wrong."
Mitch McConnell, 2006 : "'One thing I hope we can do, now that we have the election out of the way, is see if we can quit kicking the can down the road on a number of significant issues,' McConnell told a meeting of Washington Post editors and reporters. 'Left over from last year, I would put immigration at the top of the list. But I also share the view . . . that this would be the perfect time to tackle Social Security.' ... Yesterday, McConnell said he and Reid 'have a good relationship' and talk practically every day that the Senate is in session. He said that he and the new majority leader are determined to avoid legislative gridlock in the coming Congress."
 
Barack Obama, 2014 : "But we can surely find ways to work together on issues where there’s broad agreement among the American people. So I look forward to Republicans putting forward their governing agenda."
Barack Obama, 2012 : “You elected us to focus on your jobs, not ours. And in the coming weeks and months, I am looking forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both parties to meet the challenges we can only solve together.”
 
Thom Tillis, 2014 : "I want to come back here next year and talk to people about the bipartisan things we accomplished for the good of the nation – not just campaign rhetoric, but now I have a responsibility and a priority on putting some substance behind those words from campaign speeches."
Mark Warner, 2010: "We're going to have to deal with it in a way that is more than the campaign rhetoric. We're not going to solve our deficit crisis by simply eliminating earmarks, which I support, but which it's going to take a lot more willingness to roll up our sleeves and look at both sides of the balance sheet -- both spending and revenues."
 
Al Franken, 2014 : “I hope that we can get things done. There are lots of things that we have to work on that really shouldn’t be partisan.”
George W. Bush, 2002 : "Now that the voters have spoken, I urge the members of both political parties to come together to get things done for the American people."
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

Man finds corpse in foreclosed Florida homeBy Sarah Larimer November 6 Follow @slarimer
On Tuesday, William Wilson bought a pink house in Cape Coral.
He paid $96,000 for the neglected Florida property, which had rusted security bars on the windows and dead bolts on the door. Wilson told the Fort Myers News-Press that he visited the home the next day, hoping to do some yard work.
There were boxes inside the messy house and some photos on the refrigerator, Wilson told the newspaper. In a bedroom, however, he also found a body .
“You couldn’t tell who it was,” Wilson said, according to the News-Press. “You couldn’t tell if it was a male or a female … it’s disappointing and a sad thing that nobody cared enough to check.”
Officers from the Cape Coral Police Department were at the house Wednesday, the newspaper reported, and residents in the neighborhood came outside to watch them work.
A department spokesman did not immediately return a telephone message from The Post on Thursday. A message left at a number listed for Wilson was also not returned.
“I didn’t know them,” one Cape Coral woman told the News-Press. “It’s very strange, all those bars on the house. I never smelled anything … that’s just freaky. I’m freaked out.”
This kind of grim discovery has happened before. In March, a contractor discovered the body of a woman in the garage of a foreclosed home in Michigan , and in 2012, workers found a man’s body in a Milwaukee County home .
Three years ago, Michael Kruse wrote a potent story for the Tampa Bay Times about a Florida woman who “ disappeared, but never left home .” Her mummified body was discovered in the passenger seat of the car parked in the garage, by the man who’d bought the townhouse in a foreclosure auction.
Following the latest case, Bill Harrigan, who lives across the street from where the body was discovered this week, told the News-Press: “It’s sad about the whole thing. Nobody ever checked on her.”
Here’s what investigators told Wilson, according to the paper:
Authorities told him the most recent piece of mail was from November of 2011 and unpaid taxes went back three years. The corpse was on the floor of the master bedroom next to the bed. Longtime neighbors say an older woman from Miami last lived at the home with her sister, but they hadn’t seen or heard from her for several years.
Some thought she moved, others said she just disappeared. Outside, the grass grew long and the community speculated. Inside, Wilson said all that remained were bones, skin and the smell of remains. In the living room was a bird cage and piles of feces.
“I had a hunch,” a neighbor, Gary Oben Jr., told the News-Press. “Either it was a grow house or there was a dead lady in there.”
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

One image that sums up the media in 2014Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Aquarium rescues orphaned otter pup  teaches it to how to be an otterA week-old otter pup, named Pup 681, that was discovered alone on a California beach, has found a new home at Chicago's Shedd Aquarium. (Reuters)
Oh my goodness, it's a baby otter. An orphaned baby otter.
This little pup was found abandoned on a beach in California when someone walking along the shore heard her crying. She was only a week old and weighed just over two pounds.
Pup 681 is not amused. (©Shedd Aquarium/Brenna Hernandez)
She was taken to the Monterey Bay Aquarium, where it was determined that she'd been away from her mother for at least 16 hours. Her condition was critical, and the aquarium staff spent four weeks stabilizing her and fattening her up.
The pup requires round-the-clock care. (©Shedd Aquarium/Brenna Hernandez)
Currently referred to only as Pup 681, she's now been transferred to Chicago's Shedd Aquarium. She's still teeny tiny, weighing barely six pounds and measuring just over 22 inches long, but she's doing well.
Pup 681 still needs round-the-clock care, aquarium representatives wrote in a blog post . Six to eight experts will work on a rotating schedule to make sure she receives constant nurturing.
Her handlers report that she's making progress. (©Shedd Aquarium/Brenna Hernandez)
Instead of joining other otters in the visible part of the aquarium, she'll stay behind the scenes and learn how to groom, forage, and feed on her own. Aquarium staff will even have to help her learn to regulate her own body temperature, which otters do by getting in and out of the water as needed.
The aquarium reports that Pup 681 is taking formula from a bottle and eating solid foods like shrimp, and otherwise being utterly adorable.
The pup is even starting to eat solid food, like shrimp. (©Shedd Aquarium/Brenna Hernandez)
(©Shedd Aquarium/Brenna Hernandez)

Jay Zs gold champagne bottles and the murky story behind his latest business dealBy Abby Phillip November 6 Follow @abbydphillip
Bottles of Armand de Brignac Champagne are seen in the cellars of the Cattier champagne family house in Chigny-les-Roses, south of Reims, northeastern France. (Francois Nascimbeni/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
It all started in a New York wine shop in 2006. Rapper Jay Z, as one version of the story goes, stumbled upon his next big obsession. Gold bottle? Check. Unique label, an ace of spades? Check.
Sometime later, the champagne, which had just been introduced to the market that year, appeared as a plot device in Jay Z’s “Show Me What U Got” video .
There he was, lounging like a king at his card table, waving away a bottle of Cristal before he was presented with a suitcase carrying a large bottle of Armand de Bri­gnac champagne.
The rest is history.
The trouble is, no one is quite sure how true that story is.
The tale is clouded by seemingly unlikely coincidences. Further complicating things is Jay Z’s recent acquisition of the Armand de Bri­gnac brand, which he affectionately calls “Ace of Spades.” The deal, reported this week by the New York Times , is worth unknown sums of money.
The logo of Armand de Brignac Champagne, bearing an ace-of-spades insignia. (Francois Nascimbeni/AFP/Getty Images)
Armand de Brignac champagne is a real thing. It is produced in the quaint French town of Chigny-les-Roses by eight people. The Cattier family house that makes the wine has a long history in the business, dating back more than 250 years.
But before Jay Z made Armand de Brignac the next big tiny-bubbles thing in rap culture in 2006, not long after he’d decided to boycott Cristal, virtually no one had heard of the brand.
Here, for instance, is the headline of a 2006 Businessweek story: Is the champagne in the Jay-z video for real? It’s complicated.
Before making Armand de Brignac, the Cattier house had also produced a champagne called Antique Gold, which came in a nearly identical gold bottle. Some have speculated that Armand de Brignac is identical to Antique Gold, except that it’s been aged longer.
Whatever the difference, Armand de Brignac had no real market presence before Jay Z brought it to the masses.
Antique Gold, which by the way is no longer being sold, retailed for about $60 in Europe and the United States; the MSRP for a single bottle of Armand de Brignac Champagne is about $300.
The brand includes a massive 30-liter Midas bottle, launched in 2011, which sells for about $200,000 a pop. New York-based Sovereign Brands owned Armand de Brignac until the sale to Jay Z.
“We have had a wonderful relationship with Jay Z throughout the years since he first discovered Armand de Brignac,” Yvonne Lardner, a communications executive for Sovereign Brands, told the Times in an e-mail. “He became interested in owning the brand and made us an offer we simply couldn’t refuse.”
Whether Jay Z had a formal or even unofficial business relationship with Armand de Brignac Champagne before the purchase is unclear.
For his 2011 book “Empire State of Mind: How Jay-Z Went from Street Corner to Corner Office,” journalist Zack O’Malley Greenburg traveled all the way to France looking for answers to a few burning questions related to the rapper and his favorite champagne.
What was the name of the wine store where Jay Z first discovered that fateful bottle of Armand de Brignac?
No one seems to know.
What does that now-famous gold bottle look like before it reaches the market?
Well, apparently just like those Antique Gold bottles, as it doesn’t yet have the signature “ace of spades” label on it.
O’Malley Greenburg wrote that the connection between Jay Z and “Ace of Spades” wasn’t just happenstance; it was, he wrote , shrewd business from the very beginning.
The people he interviewed, he wrote, “confirmed that Jay-Z receives millions of dollars per year for his association with Armand de Brignac.”
In a statement released shortly after an ace-of-spades label showed up in that 2006 Jay Z video, Brett Berish of Sovereign Brands insisted that it wasn’t product placement, the Wall Street Journal reported . “Armand de Brignac and Jay-Z have not entered into any agreement, sponsorship or otherwise,” Berish said then.
In his book, O’Malley Greenburg wrote:
Jay-Z publicly denies any connection to Armand de Brignac because he wants to be seen as a connoisseur, a trendsetter with the sophistication to anoint a successor to Cristal. Or, as Bienvenu off­handedly explained to me: “He doesn’t want to be considered a brand ambassador or something like this.” More importantly, Jay-Z realizes that the revelation of a financial connection could endanger the authenticity of his endorsement — and jeopardize a lucrative arrangement.
The math looks extremely favorable for Jay-Z. The production cost per bottle of Armand de Brignac is about $13; the wholesale price is $225. The maximum output is 60,000 bottles per year. If Jay-Z splits the $212-per-bottle profit evenly with Cattier and Sovereign, a back-of-the-envelope calculation suggests his annual take would be a little over $4 million. One of my sources confirmed that number, and added that Jay-Z may have received equity in Sov­ereign Brands worth about $50 million. All for dropping a few lyrical references and featuring Armand de Brignac in a couple of videos.
And there are more than a few lyrical references.
“This Ace of Spades look like an Oscar” — “We Made It Freestyle”
“All of this Ace of Spades I drink just to piss out. I mean I like the taste could’ve saved myself 6 thou’s”  — “Success”
“Where refrigerators, where Ace of Spades two I store!” — Jay Z’s verse in Rick Ross’s “Maybach Music”
“I’m back clubbing, Ace of Spades bubbly. Drink it from the bottle, who the [expletive] need a bucket?” — in 50 Cent’s “I Get Money” remix
Even Jay Z’s super-rich superstar wife Beyoncé got in the game in their joint track “Drunk in Love.”
Beyoncé and Jay Z on the opening night of their Onthe Run tour at Sun Life Stadium in Miami. (Jeff Daly/Invision for Parkwood Entertainment via Associated Press)
“Boy, I’m drinking, get my brain right/Armand de Brignac, gangster wife,” she croon-raps on the track.
Years of expert product placement, rap lyrics and shows of ostentation — including this $100,000 display of bottles at a fundraiser for President Obama — have made the brand unmistakably linked to the reigning king of rap. Jay Z just made that connection official this week.
There is now only one question that remains: Is it any good?
“It tastes like [excrement],” Lyle Fass, a New York wine buyer , told O’Malley Greenburg. “At least Cristal tastes good.”
Yet in 2010, Fine Magazine named it the top bottle on its list of the 100 best champagnes .
So what gives?
“The brut gold cuvée is very well made, even if it may not be the most exciting Champagne,” explained wine critic and champagne specialist Peter Liem . “This means that it will not offend or puzzle the tasters, which generally translates into a relatively high aggregate score of all panel members for the wine.”
If you’ve popped a bottle, let us know what you think in the comments.
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Army likely to pay compensation to Budgam victimskinPrint
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 2:41 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 5:10 pm
With the Army on the defensive over the November 3 Budgam shooting incident, in which two teenagers were killed and two injured, northern Army commander Lt Gen D S Hooda is likely to travel to Srinagar on Friday “to take a close look at the situation”. The incident has triggered massive outrage and protests.
Sources said Hooda is likely to provide compensation to the families of the victims “as a goodwill gesture from the Army”. “The only challenge in his travel to Srinagar could be the weather,” said an Army officer.
Army sources admitted that “there is a prima facie violation of the rules of engagement”, which is why an inquiry has been ordered into the incident. What may also pose trouble for the Army is the fact that a police representative was missing from the check post where the incident took place. Though not mandatory, the presence of a police representative is advisable in counter insurgency operations.
A senior official said, “There was no policeman at the mobile vehicle check post (MVCP). Given that the particular MVCP was established based on intelligence inputs that a stolen car is likely to be used by terrorists, the operation should have been a joint one between the Army and the police. The presence of a policeman can help corroborate the Army’s claims. But in this case, there is no other government agency to do so.”

Hawaii lavas slow forward creep stalls  fornowCivil Defense officials said that the Hawaii volcano lava flow has been stalled for about a week.
By: Associated Press | Pahoa | Posted: November 7, 2014 2:38 am
Lava threatening a rural Hawaii town has stopped its slow, forward advance – for now.
Civil Defense officials said Thursday the lava flow has been stalled for about a week. It’s still about 480 feet (146 meters) from Pahoa Village Road, which goes through downtown.
It’s possible the lava could start to be more active in the coming days. Officials are continuing to monitor other parts of the flow where the lava has branched out.
Residents in the Big Island’s Puna district have had weeks to prepare for the slow-moving lava from Kilauea volcano.
On October 26, the flow crossed a country street on the edge of Pahoa. Since then, it’s smothered part of a cemetery and burned down a garden shed.

Modi hosts Ex-IsraelI President inDelhiPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 2:36 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi hosted former Israeli President Shimon Peres in New Delhi on Thursday. The two leaders  reportedly discussed ways to enhance cooperation in the fields of counter-terrorism, infrastructure, water, agriculture, health, science and technology. Modi told Peres that he was very impressed by Israel and its achievements, according to a press note.
Modi also mentioned his close experience with the Israeli capabilities and solutions while visiting the country as Gujarat CM in 2006. Both the leaders discussed the joint Israeli-Indian-Australian project of food and water security to be launched on Friday.

UGC calls on students to give inputs for edupolicyPrint
Written by Mihika Basu | Mumbai | Posted: November 7, 2014 2:33 am
In a move that would entail participation of young minds of the country in policy formation, the government has sought suggestions from students from across the country for a new education policy.
The University Grants Commission (UGC) has written a letter to the vice-chancellors of all universities, calling for recommendations from students and asking institutes to organise a discussion among students on “Shikshit Bharat, Saksham Bharat—Quality Education for All” on the occasion of International Students’ Day.
The UGC letter further says that it has been proposed to select the best recommendations and suggestions on the subject of education and invite one student leader from selected universities to Delhi to interact with the Minister of Human Resource Development and “to attend session of the Parliament when the subject of education is discussed”.

Channel shows bar owners talking govtfallPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 7, 2014 2:32 am
In a major embarrassment to the Congress-led government in Kerala, a Malayalam TV channel on Thursday telecast a purported conversation of bar hotel owners, discussing how they possessed “evidence to dethrone the government’’.
Kerala Bar Hotel Owners’ Association met in Kochi on Thursday to discuss the licence renewal issue. The meeting took place in the wake of allegations that state finance minister K M Mani had taken a bribe of Rs 1 crore to get the licences renewed. In the Mathrubhumi News telecast, Biju Ramesh, who had accused Mani of corruption, said, “In the last three to four years, we had transactions of Rs 20 crore with the government. We should try to bend the government.’’
Ramesh was further shown as saying, “With hitting Mani, half the job is over. The government is approaching us with settlement options, but we should not believe them. The question before us is to whether break or bend the government. Considering our situation, we should try to bend the government. We are holding a dynamite, we should decide whether it should be blasted or not.’’ The bar hotel owners said, “If necessary, we should catch every minister. I will fight the case from the front. You should try for mediation. When the government fears it would lose power, they would be ready for any compromise.’’
Congress leader M Liju said the government has nothing to worry. “If they have evidence, let them furnish it to the vigilance wing probing the allegation,” he said.

Soz and Azad to stay out of electionfrayGhulam Nabi Azad and Saifuddin Soz
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: November 7, 2014 2:30 am
Call it a reaction to Congress’ dismal show at Haryana and Maharashtra assembly polls or their inability to find safe bastions, Jammu and Kashmir Pradesh Congress president Prof Saifuddin Soz and former Chief Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad have decided not to contest the upcoming assembly election.
However, speaking to mediapersons here on Thursday, Soz said Azad and he took the decision much before the Election Commission announced dates of assembly polls in the state. “During a rally at Samba, Azad Sahib, in reply to a mediaperson’s question, categorically said neither he nor “Soz Sahib” were contesting the polls,” said Soz, adding that, “I had then said that if you feel good that way, then I too shall not contest.”
Soz further said that staying out of poll fray had been a “good decision”. “In that case, we would have got stuck to a particular constituency. Now, we are available for campaigning in every assembly segment,” he said.
He denied that Azad was hesitant to contest the election in view of Modi wave across the state. He also brushed aside claims that a sitting legislator had refused to vacate a “safe” seat in Doda district for the former CM.
“Anybody would love to vacate a seat for him, but that would restrict himself to one constituency,” Soz pointed out. At present, Azad is Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha. However, his term to the Upper House ends in February.
However, the Congress leader admitted that an anti-incumbency factor prevailed in the state and attributed it to the failures of the coalition government. “We were for the 73rd and 74th amendments, but National Conference delayed extending the benefits to the state. Similarly, Congress fought persistently for issues concerning people living along the borders and refugees from PoK and finally made the state cabinet decide on them,” he said.
Tainted MLA in Cong’s list of 69 candidates
Repeating all its sitting legislators, including a tainted one facing charges of sexual advances on a lady doctor in Kashmir, the All India Congress Committee (AICC) on Thursday released a list of 69 candidates for the J&K polls beginning November 25.
Shabir Ahmed Khan, who had to resign as health minister from Omar Abdullah ministry following registration of an FIR in Srinagar on the basis of a complaint from a lady doctor, has been repeated in Rajouri Assembly segment. The doctor had alleged that the minister had called her to his office chamber in the secretariat and made indecent advances.
Another candidate in the list is Shohaib Lone who had during budget session of the assembly in 2007 leveled serious charges of corruption against the then party president and education minister Peerzada Sayeed. He has been named as party candidate from Sangrama. Sayeed had resigned as minister following the charges of corruption.
Salman Anees Soz, son of state party president Saifuddin Soz, is the candidate from Baramulla. MLCs Ravinder Sharma (Nowshera), Bashir Naz continued…

Rajnath Singh in Israel to bolster ties  meets BenjaminNatanyahuHome Minister Rajnath Singh met Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Natanyahu and held discussions.
By: Press Trust of India | Tel Aviv | Posted: November 7, 2014 2:28 am
Home Minister Rajnath Singh met Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Natanyahu and held discussions to strengthen India’s “very warm” relations with the Jewish state.
Welcoming Singh, Netanyahu said, “Indians and Israelis share the combination of ingenuity and continuity.”
The Home Minister sought closer ties with the country saying, “Israel plays a major role in world politics”.
Singh, who is here for his first bilateral visit, earlier tweeted, “India and Israel share very warm & cordial bilateral relations. We look forward to strengthen it further.”
India and Israel share very warm & cordial bilateral relations. We look forward to strengthen it further.
— Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) November 6, 2014
Singh, who arrived here last night, was scheduled to arrive yesterday morning but had to reschedule his plans after his flight from Monaco was cancelled due to bad weather. The Minister was in Monaco to attend Interpol’s General Assembly.
Despite the unexpected change in Singh’s plans, the Israeli government rolled out a red carpet in welcoming him with Netanyahu, Defence Minister Moshe Yaalon and Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovich re-adjusting their tight schedules to meet him.
Singh started his Israel visit by visiting Holy sites in the old city of Jerusalem.
The Home Minister then left for a helicopter tour of the Jordan Valley and Israel’s northern and southern region with National Security Adviser Yossi Cohen to get a sense of the security situation in the country.
Cohen had recently met Singh in New Delhi and discussed “common challenges” faced by the two countries and their solutions, emphasising his country’s “willingness to expand cooperation in all fields and in any level.”
“India is a very important ally for us and we view the Home Minister’s visit as very significant. We are looking forward to fruitful discussions that will strengthen cooperation between the two countries,” a senior Israeli official said.
It is the first visit of an Indian Home Minister to Israel since June 2000 when L K Advani visited Jerusalem, marking an upsurge in bilateral cooperation.
Singh’s visit comes close on the heels of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s meeting with Netanyahu on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York in September.

Bihar: LJP ready to contest less seats for greater strike rate on BJPsidePrint
Ramvilas Paswan
Written by Avishek G Dastidar | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 2:18 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 10:37 am
AS an NDA partner, Ramvilas Paswan’s Lok Janashakti Party (LJP) may get to contest lesser seats in the 2015 Bihar state polls than it did while in alliance with Lalu Prasad’s Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) in 2010.
The climbdown in the number, party sources say, would be in favour of a greater “strike rate” and a better shot at winning with Narendra Modi-led BJP by its side.
As the scene starts to hot up over possible political equations for next year’s Bihar assembly polls, LJP sources said the feelers from the BJP is that it will get to contest about 45-odd seats.
In 2010, with not a single Lok Sabha MP in its stable and playing second fiddle to the RJD, the LJP had contested in 75 assembly seats. But the results were disastrous with only three victories and a major slide in its traditional vote base. Its vote share had reduced to just about 6.75 per cent.
Preliminary talks with the BJP suggest that the Assembly seats in the seven Lok Sabha constituencies where the LJP tasted victory this year — winning in six and barely losing in Nitish Kumar’s stronghold, Nalanda — will be the ones where the Paswans might get to contest. Party supremo Ramvilas Paswan and parliamentary board chief Chirag Paswan are said to be fine with the arrangement. The leadership believes 50 to be a good number for a significant presence in the next Bihar assembly, sources said.
“There is no point in spreading ourselves thin and then not winning too many seats, like the last time. With the Modi wave working its magic in every state, the scene in Bihar is unlikely to be different,” a senior party MP, who is privy to the development, told The Indian Express.
The party’s state machinery in Bihar, on the other hand, was initially in favour of contesting about 20 more seats than in 2010, citing the favourable results in the Lok Sabha polls. But with the BJP-wave in state polls continuing to fetch results for NDA allies, the LJP does not want to be confrontational over numbers. The same reason why the party may support any BJP candidate in the ensuing J&K elections.

Discoms take lessons from pvt firms to trim ...You are here: Home > Collections > Distribution
State-run discoms take lessons from private firms to trim losses
Mitul Thakkar, ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 02.35AM IST
(Tata Power, Reliance Infrastructure,…)
NEW DELHI: State-run power distribution utilities are increasingly turning to their private counterparts for advice on trimming their losses and improving supplies, with the result that Tata Power Delhi and the two BSES distribution companies run by Reliance Infrastructure in Delhi have even created separate wings to cater to this demand.
Distribution arms of Tata Power, Reliance Infrastructure, Torrent and Essel group are receiving teams from state-controlled utilities to study their operations and management, officials said.
According to estimates, state-run utilities have accumulated losses of Rs 2 lakh crore, which explains the urgency to cut down losses, said a state utility official who has been closely interacting with private distribution companies.
"Private distribution companies have liberally invested in technologies to reduce their losses and improve services. It may not be possible for state utilities to make new investments due to accumulated losses but we can certainly curb power theft, reduce outages and improve our billing systems to reduce losses," said a state utility official, who did not wish to be identified.
BSES Rajdhani and BSES Yamuna, which distribute electricity to 34 lakh consumers in Delhi, have received teams from state utilities of Haryana, Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal, Himachal Pradesh, West Bengal, J&K, Uttar Pradesh and Meghalaya in the past few months. Their consultancy departments are providing services to Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam under a three-year agreement.
"All state discoms have questions related to key challenges faced and overcome by BSES companies," said a BSES official. "Many of the queries are on the design, implementation and IT enablement of BSES' business processes.
One of their main queries is on the initiatives taken by BSES discoms for reduction of losses." Reliance Infrastructure's group company that distributes electricity in Mumbai has also received officials of state-run utilities from Punjab, Chhattisgarh, Karnataka and Haryana Essel Utilities, a relatively new entrant in distribution that has been awarded rights to distribute electricity in Nagpur to close to 4.5 lakh consumers for 15 years, received visitors from Jaipur Vidyut Vitaran and Ajmer Vidyut Vitaran of Rajasthan recently.
"We reduced technical and commercial losses from 32% to 16% in just 24 months and reduced complaints from consumers by almost one third in a short period. Today, we are resolving 95% of the consumer complaints in less than two hours and reduced number of transformer failures from 166 a year to just seven incidents in a year," said Sonal Khurana, business head of Essel Utilities' distribution arm for Nagpur. Such rapid improvement in quality of operations and reduction in losses among private distributors is the key attraction for state utilities that are lining up for advice.
"We have received officials from Punjab, J&K, Bihar, West Bengal, Gujarat and Karnataka in the past 18 months as they are interested in understanding our programmes for reducing commercial losses and automation to improve reliability of electricity supply," said Praveer Sinha, CEO and executive director of Tata Power Delhi, which is providing consulting services to utilities of UP, Chhattisgarh, Haryana and Manipur besides Nigeria. Officials from state-run distribution companies are also keen to understand Tata Power Delhi's billing process and customer relationship management to improve their collection, Sinha said. The company is in advanced stage of discussions with utilities of Goa to provide consulting services.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Call of the nation  says ParrikarUpdated: November 7, 2014 02:56 IST
Call of the nation, says Parrikar
Prakash Kamat
Chief Minister of Goa Manohar Parrikar after meeting Panaji BJP members on Thursday.
TOPICS
national government
Ending days of speculation over his imminent induction into the Narendra Modi Cabinet as Defence Minister, Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday said the party had left him with no option but to accept the assignment given by the Prime Minister.
For Mr. Parrikar, ‘it was a call of the nation.’ Talking to presspersons here, he admitted that he was in two minds over the offer from Mr. Modi and had expressed his reservations.
“The party conveyed to me at 9 a.m. this morning to accept any offer coming from the Prime Minister,” Mr. Parrikar said.
“Honestly, I am not quite comfortable as I am too much attached to the State. But if the nation needs me I have to be there,” said Mr. Parrikar.

Genworth and Whole Foods Are Big Market MoversAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

OPEC playing chicken
What Lena Dunham has that the rest of us deserveBy Alyssa Rosenberg November 6 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Lena Dunham signs a copy of her book ‘Not That Kind Of Girl’ in London last week. (Stuart C. Wilson/Getty Images)
Since the premiere of “Girls” in 2012, Lena Dunham’s critics and fans have scrapped over artistic topics, including pop culture’s treatment of race and the precise algorithm of family money and personal talent that produced the success of the much-debated actress, director and showrunner. Now, with the publication of Dunham’s memoir “ Not That Kind of Girl ,” they have moved on to graver topics: whether passages in it ought to be considered descriptions of sexual abuse.
I respect the pain of people who see echoes of their own abuse in Dunham’s writing. But some of Dunham’s critics are using the book to argue that more children and families should be treated with automatic suspicion. A better solution would be to muster the resources that would let us extend the benefit of the doubt to more children, and to help their parents monitor and mold their developing senses of right and wrong.
The debates have focused on three passages in the book. In one, Dunham describes inspecting her sister’s vagina when Dunham was 7 and her sister, Grace, was 1. In another, she acknowledges masturbating while Grace slept in her bed. (The girls’ ages at this time are unclear, though Grace slept in Dunham’s bed until Dunham was 17.) And in a third, Dunham describes her efforts to get Grace to love her, including bribing her younger sister to accept kisses from her. “Basically, anything a sexual predator might do to woo a small suburban girl I was trying,” Dunham writes, in a line that read to me as a clear joke.
In a cover story at National Review , Kevin Williamson, a frequent Dunham critic, argues that this childhood behavior is “the sort of thing that gets children taken away from non-millionaire families without Andover pedigrees and Manhattanite social connections.”
This is a powerful framing. Frustrations about Dunham’s privilege crop up among observers across the political spectrum, and Williamson leverages them here to suggest that the best way to take possible child sexual abuse seriously is to treat affluent white families more like less-affluent or less privileged people, including families of color.
Williamson is so disgusted by Dunham’s parents that he does not bother to engage with ways to reduce child sexual abuse that have nothing to do with increased use of child protective services.
Families less privileged than Dunham’s might benefit not from greater police intervention into families like Dunham’s but from access to more resources, such as the therapy Dunham has written about extensively. And Williamson avoids a discussion about the extent to which other families encounter suspicion, rather than support from authorities, including teachers and the police, as they work to set boundaries for their children. Keeping children safe does not necessarily require that we turn their peers into tiny criminals.
“I think a lot of times, adults will interpret the actions and behavior of children with an adult lens,” Laura Palumbo, a prevention campaign specialist at the National Sexual Violence Resource Center, told me. “So when you’re applying that adult lens, sometimes we can really overanalyze. I would never want to dismiss people taking action when they notice red flags, but a lot of time, children are behaving in very developmentally appropriate ways when they are curious about their own bodies and the bodies of other people.”
This does not mean that adults should abdicate responsibility to think critically and carefully about what they learn and observe. But, Palumbo argued, “There’s such a value in parents being proactive, but also not to assume the worst in any situation, and to both give the space to sort of see the full context of a situation, and no matter what, see it as a learning opportunity and an educational moment.” ( Carolyn Edgar makes the same sensible suggestion in Salon .)
The same principles apply to questions of creative freedom. The writer Roxane Gay points out, writing from a point on the political spectrum as distant from Kevin Williamson as it is possible to be , that “It’s f—– up that the margin of error for white women is far greater than it is for people of color, queer people, and transgender people.”
Or, as the humorist Luvvie put it , “A Black woman could not have written what Lena did. She would not have the space to argue context. She would not have anyone championing her. She would certainly not be given some benefit of the doubt about childhood exploration because Black people’s innocence is often denied, even when we’re 7. Our kids are tried as adults in the court of public opinion and in the court of law.”
If I were an artist, I would hate to make that sort of calculation, as I’m sure women like the installation artist Kara Walker , whose provocative works address issues of sex and race , do. And this frightening math carries with it real loss, measured in the circumscribed lives of children who are treated as criminal by default and in the missed opportunities the rest of us have to hear the stories and see the art that are rendered impossible to tell and to make because of centuries of suspicion and stigma .
I want to hear them. And I want to believe, as a matter of politics and as of art, that we can continue to make progress in getting everyone access to many of the same things that Lena Dunham benefits from, including the benefit of the doubt.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Red Line trains single-tracking in MarylandBy Julie Zauzmer November 6 Follow @JulieZauzmer
Updated at 6:39 p.m.
Red Line delays continue following a period of single-tracking due to a disabled train near Medical Center earlier in the afternoon. Though the single-tracking ended around 4:30 p.m., rush hour commuters have tweeted photos showing continued crowding at various stations.
Inexplicably crowded @wmata Gallery Place platform for the red line to shady grove. CC @popville pic.twitter.com/qPYGyHezNF
— Ashley Evans (@AVEvans) November 6, 2014
Welp, just another day in Chinatown with the redline @unsuckdcmetro pic.twitter.com/ExIpR6wufQ
— Sarah B (@AllergicCarrot) November 6, 2014
Gall place #metro at 5:30. Fights breaking out, ppl almost falling onto tracks. This is absolutely ridiculous. #wmata pic.twitter.com/gFlfslbXU3
— Silje Lier (@sealya) November 6, 2014
Shortly after 6:30 p.m., Metro spokesman Philip Stewart said that he was not aware of the crowded platforms until a reporter told him about the photographs. “Everything should be clearing up by now,” he said. “We’re at near-normal service.”
Julie Zauzmer is a local news reporter.

George Takei on the secret to his Twitter successBy Helena Andrews November 6 Follow @helena_andrews
George Takei (Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images for Relativity Media)
Hey isn’t that… George Takei, the “Star Trek” OG and 77-year-old social media maven, holding court at the 4th annual FedTalks at the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation on Thursday?
“How many Trekkies are in the house?” shouted Goldy Kamali, CEO of FedScoop, the D.C.-based IT news organization that puts on the annual tech-meets-fed conference, just before Captain Hikaru Sulu took the stage. The massive crowd of techies (some 1,200) roared.
Takei, who won a Webby award earlier this year for his YouTube series , divulged the secret to his social media success. Two words: Grumpy Cat.
“What works is humor and, particularly, Grumpy Cat,” said Takei. “Grumpy Cat increased my base enormously.”
Read more Reliable Source: 

Judge OKs part of Walgreen s request to redact in lawsuitJudge backs Walgreen, redacts some paragraphs in lawsuit
Walgreens
Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune
Looking through a W for Walgreens onto Michigan Avenue at a new Walgreens on the 400 block of North Michigan Avenue in Chicago on Tuesday, June 24, 2014.
Looking through a W for Walgreens onto Michigan Avenue at a new Walgreens on the 400 block of North Michigan Avenue in Chicago on Tuesday, June 24, 2014. (Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune)
Trials and Arbitration Courts and the Judiciary U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Chuck Douglas
Walgreen gets portion of request OK'd
A Cook County Circuit Court judge Thursday agreed to redact some paragraphs in a defamation lawsuit filed by Walgreen's former chief financial officer.
8
The lawsuit included internal emails between Walgreen executives, as well as other information in the complaint that Walgreen said revealed confidential information. Former Chief Financial Officer Wade Miquelon alleged in his suit, filed Oct. 16, that Walgreen defamed him when subsequent news reports suggested he was "personally responsible" for a $1 billion error in the company's earnings forecast.
Read the story
Walgreen had asked to redact 39 paragraphs or partial paragraphs in the suit and the court agreed to redact 31, obliging about 80 percent of Walgreen's request.
"The Court's ruling today accepted Walgreens view that the plaintiff should have filed his complaint under seal, instead of improperly disclosing the company's confidential information," Walgreen attorney Chuck Douglas said in a statement.
0
The company also asked for a protective order to guide future disclosures, which Associate Judge Franklin Valderrama denied, saying it was "overly broad."
Walgreen's lawyer said that the company plans to submit an additional protective order next week, with revisions the judge suggested in court. Miquelon's attorney David Bernick said he worried that a protective order would handcuff his ability to present information in open court.
"The whole point of the protective order is not to put a gag order on the plaintiff," Valderrama said. "What we're talking about is information that doesn't need to go beyond the court. It doesn't mean you, yourself, are not able to get and use the information for purposes of this suit. All I'm saying is, we're talking about an issue of access and we're talking about whether there should be public access to the documents."
The next court date is set for Nov. 21.
Walgreen has acknowledged that its efforts to seal already public documents "will have little effect at this point," but said the company would move forward to set rules for future disclosures during litigation. To that point, on Wednesday, a group of Walgreen investors filed a complaint with the Securities and Exchange Commission, asking it to investigate potential violations of disclosure rules, much of its complaint based on documents and information included in the lawsuit.
To view a copy of the lawsuit and the redactions Walgreen proposed, go to chicagotribune.com/walgreenslawsuit .
Miquelon said in his suit that the company's characterizations of him have blocked his efforts to find a new job. He stands to collect a $3.2 million severance package after his nonexecutive role with the company officially ends Dec. 1.
"It is likely too late to undo the harm (Miquelon) has caused to Walgreens through his publication of a misleading and slanderous narrative using confidential information plucked out of context," Walgreen said in an Oct. 24 court filing. "Walgreen's ultimate remedy will be vindication when the judicial process has fully played out and (Miquelon's) narrative is exposed as false."

Dow  S&P 500 end at record highs; energy gainsWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Woodfield  Orland Square push Thanksgiving hours earlier0
Water Tower Place, which last year was closed on Thanksgiving except for its Mity Nice restaurant, also plans to open at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving, though hours for individual stores will vary. Oakbrook Center and Northbrook Court are expected to have similar policies, said a spokesman for General Growth Properties, which owns the three malls. American Girl Place inside Water Tower Place will remain closed on Thanksgiving.
Many malls and major retailers are pushing their Thanksgiving hours earlier as shopping eats into time usually reserved for pecan pie. J.C. Penney announced this week that it is opening at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving, three hours earlier than last year. Kmart is opening at 6 a.m. Thanksgiving Day, same as last year.
The trend has provoked some protest.
A Facebook group named Boycott Black Thursday encourages shoppers to spend their money at stores that will not open on Thanksgiving to "protect the employees, protect the family." It lists 25 stores that have stated they will not open on Thanksgiving, including DSW, Costco, Nordstom, Crate and Barrel and The Home Depot.

Why Tendulkar s book could be a disappointmentWhy Tendulkar's Book Could Be A Bore
Teasers from 'Playing It My Way' remind us of his inability to be frank about cricket's ills.
By Prem Panicker | Yahoo! Cricket –  Tue 4 Nov, 2014 3:46 PM IST
Tweet
0
He is not disappointed over a private conversation between two people that took place over seven years ago, says Rahul Dravid .
Good for him! I have many reasons to respect Dravid — the cricketer and perhaps more importantly, the man — and this refusal to be part of a circus shilling a book is just the latest.
The bit Dravid has no reaction to is this :
"Just months before the World Cup, Chappell had come to see me at home and, to my dismay, suggested that I should take over the captaincy from Rahul Dravid ," Tendulkar writes in his autobiography Playing It My Way, which will be released on November 6. “Anjali [Tendulkar’s wife], who was sitting with me, was equally shocked to hear him say that ‘together, we could control Indian cricket for years’, and that he would help me in taking over the reins of the side.
It is the  latest in a series of teasers  for Sachin Tendulkar’s about-to-be-released book. And these ‘exclusive’ trickles, rather than build any anticipation in me, lead me to believe the book will be exactly what I expected: a disappointment.
A segue of sorts: The  first teaser I saw was this :
Monday, 31 March 1997 , was a dark day in the history of Indian cricket and definitely the worst of my captaincy career,” Tendulkar writes. 
He is  speaking of this match , where India needed 120 to win against the West Indies, and ended up 38 runs short. SRT says he was disheartened, disappointed…
No shit?!
I used to do live commentary and match reports, back then. In the early morning of March 29 I learnt that my dad, with whom I had been estranged for over a decade, had died. By then I’d done commentary for the first two days of this game.
That evening, I lit his funeral pyre and stood by, streaming tears of smoke and grief and loss and hurt, while this man who had given me the greatest gift of them all — a love for words — was reduced to a handful of ashes which I then collected in a fragile earthen pot.
For the next few days I wandered around in a mental and emotional fog, too numb to even process what I was feeling. The outside world penetrated only occasionally, dimly. 
I remember, sometime the next evening, overhearing two uncles talking of the game and saying India needed only 120 to win. I remember, a day later, the cricket fans in my family (that is was everyone) discussing in bitter, angry terms just how India had managed to capitulate so abjectly. Even then, even deep within my private world of pain, the news caused a pang.
SRT was dejected? Yeah, well, so was the whole damn country — a country that invests its passionate heart, sometimes unreasonably so, in this game. Here is more, from that match:
In any case, I was part of that team and as captain it was my responsibility to steer us to victory. I did not get the feeling that we were over-confident, yet none of the batsmen apart from Laxman even reached double figures in the second innings and it was one of the worst batting displays I have been part of.
"I myself got out for just four. In my anxiety to get a feel for the ball I got a tentative edge. I should either have left the ball alone or tried to counter-attack. The defeat left me totally devastated and I shut myself in my room for two whole days trying to come to terms with the loss. I still feel the pangs of that defeat when I look back at the series."
I get that. I get that the collapse must have been bewildering, even to those doing the collapsing. Especially to those doing the collapsing.
So — what happened? Did the team ever talk about it? Did they analyze what had gone wrong? Did they try to understand a collapse that, even so many years later, continues to baffle us cricket fans?
I’d hope they did. And I’d hope that the book sheds light on these things, because therein lies the true value of sporting memoirs — they take us deep inside the moments that are part of the sport’s mythos, and they show us things we are otherwise not privileged to see. In doing this, they aid our understanding, our appreciation. (Read Open —  my favorite sports autobiography of all time , not for the anecdotes and “controversies” but for the searing, often brutal, honesty).
But if this is all SRT has to say about a seminal moment in his, and the country’s, cricketing history — I was disheartened… worst batting display… I should have left the ball — then the little hope I had that the book would be an insightful look within the mind, and into the career, of the most storied player of all time is officially dead.
Getting back to  the latest ‘revelations’ from the book , they boil down to this: Greg Chappell was an autocrat. Greg Chappell wanted to get rid of senior players. Greg Chappell wanted me to take over the captaincy. I asked the board to leave Chappell at home. Here:
"I suggested to the BCCI that the best option would be to keep Greg back in India and not send him with the team to the World Cup. That is not what happened, of course, and the 2007 campaign ended in disaster."
Ignore the startling cause-effect relationship so casually established with that “…of course, and…”, which marries SRT’s suggestion with the eventual outcome.
Instead, consider the WTF-ness: SRT is here throwing light on how manipulative, Machiavellian Chappell went behind the back of the team captain and attempted to stage a coup d/etat. But it is apparently okay for SRT to go behind the back of his coach and ask that the team be sent to the World Cup without said coach?
It is a good thing memory is short. The World Cup in question was when the problems between coach and senior players peaked. It was when the coach was attempting to get the BCCI to cut some seniors down to size. It was also when the seniors got their own back by getting the BCCI to force the coach into accepting an “arrangement”: the ‘Band of Captains’. That is to say, the BCCI behind the scenes told the coach that the senior players would work together as surrogate coaches; the seasoned batsmen would mentor the younger ones, and the seasoned bowlers would coach the inexperienced ones.
Thus, during that campaign, the team had a coach. And it had player-coaches. The younger lot were conflicted, confused (and everyone — the BCCI, the coach, the seniors — were collectively responsible).
All that ugliness is, here, boiled down to a binary: ‘If the BCCI had benched the coach as I asked them to, then we wouldn’t have had a disastrous Cup.’
Nice, in a revisionist-history sort of way.
SRT has lived, and played, through some of the most seminal epochs in Indian cricket history. He was spearhead, and totem, of the transformative era when the old guard was on the way out and a young, fearless, confident India was taking over. He was part of the Azhar era — of great performances and also much skulduggery, of the corruption of selectors and of match-fixing and related malfeasance within the team. He was part of the era when big money, big stakes, began to rule Indian cricket. He was part of inspirational victories and soul-searing disappointments.
He was the common thread, the connective tissue. He has stories to tell — stories that will help two or more generations of cricket fans understand the transformation of the sport they passionately follow.
SRT has done many things in his career — memorable things, achievements that have at times propped up my waning faith in a sport I once loved.
But there are things that he has never done — and being honest, open and totally frank, using his unmatched equity to shine a light on the evils that plagued his sport, is chief among them. (A trait he carried over into his brief stint as a Parliamentarian, during which he had nothing to say about anything at all).
That is why I did not do not expect much from his book (I will still read it, when it lands in my e-reader two days from now). And judging by the teasers thus far, I continue to be unsurprised.
I’ll read the book, this weekend. But if these teasers are any indication of the tenor of its content, then I’ll likely be underwhelmed. Sporting memoirs are of no use (to me, at least) if all they contain is anodyne platitudes.
PS: Even as I was writing this, comes news that Greg Chappell has denied the allegation that he undermined Dravid. And  Sourav Ganguly has thrown some promising fuel  onto the fire.
Good. It will all help sell the book. 
PPS: In passing, I don’t hold a brief for Chappell — I believe his tenure as a coach was a tale of wasted opportunity and needless, and eventually debilitating, politics. And I don’t hold a brief for SRT, either — he has provided many cricketing moments I will treasure, and that is all there is.
I gave up on cricket — following it, writing about it — a long time ago, when I realized that there is what we see, and then there is a whole other game being played behind the scenes. So I quite literally don’t have a dog in this fight.
I wish I didn’t have to point all this out — but the world we live in, people tend to read not the words themselves, but their own imagined meanings between and behind those words. So.
 
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Narendra Modi among world s most powerful  Vladimir Putin tops Forbes listSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
Prime Minister Narendra Modi made his debut among the world’s most powerful people, ranked 15th on the Forbes list topped by Russian President Vladimir Putin who pipped his US counterpart Barack Obama for a second year in a row.
The list of 72 most powerful people in the world also included the names of Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani at 36th, ArcelorMittal Chairman and CEO Lakshmi Mittal at 57th and Microsoft’s Indian-born CEO Satya Nadella at 64th.
On Modi, Forbes said “India’s newest rock star doesn’t hail from Bollywood. He is the newly elected Prime Minister who sailed into office in May with a landslide victory, ushering the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) into power after decades of control by the Gandhi dynasty.”
Forbes described him as a “Hindu nationalist” and refereed to the 2002 Gujarat riots when he was the state’s Chief Minister.
“Modi is credited with massive reconstruction projects in his home state of Gujarat. His administration promises to bring economic rejuvenation to other beleaguered parts of India. The world is as impressed as the citizens of India: So far he’s toured the US and China and met with his Southeast Asian neighbours,” the magazine said.
This year there are 12 newcomers on the list, including Modi and Egypt President Abdel el-Sisi.
Alibiba founder and China’s richest man — Jack Ma also makes a first appearance on the list after his record-breaking USD 25 billion initial public offering in September, as does terror group Islamic State’s chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
A notable omission from the list is Congress Party President Sonia Gandhi, who was the highest ranked Indian last year at 21.
The next Indian after Modi on the list is Ambani at 36th.
Forbes said Ambani has business ventures in petrochemicals, manufacturing, oil and gas production, and now wireless sectors, “the sum of which have landed him as the richest person in India for eight years running.”
It noted Reliance’s USD 655 million acquisition of media outfit Network18.
In October, Modi inaugurated Ambani’s Reliance Foundation’s new hospital in Mumbai, “ending rumours about Ambani’s waning clout in New Delhi,” it said.
This is the second year in a row that Putin carries the crown. Obama had previously been on the top of the list for every year with the exception of 2010, when Hu Jintao, the former political and military leader of China, was ranked 1.
The top five remain the same as 2013 —- Chinese President Xi Jinping ranked third, Pope Francis at No. 4 and the world’s most powerful woman German Chancellor Angela Merkel ranked fifth.
TAGS: Barack Obama Forbes Most Powerful People Narendra Modi Vladimir Putin
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

Rajinikanth should not come to politics: TNCC chiefSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
Tamil superstar Rajinikanth may have been wooed by BJP and G K Vasan, who broke away from Congress, but newly appointed Congress chief in Tamil Nadu E V K S Elangovan feels he should not enter politics.
“Rajinikanth should not come to politics at all. This is my opinion. He has fans in all political parties. He is widely respected by the Tamil Nadu people,” Elangovan told PTI.
The much adored actor, who came out in support of erstwhile Tamil Maanila Congress floated by Vasan’s father G K Moopanar in 1996, should not confine himself to a small circle, he said.
Elangovan, however, added “All citizens who are committed to secularism, including Rajinkanth are welcome to join Congress.”
As a national political party, Congress “is open to all citizens with enduring faith in secularism, inclusive growth and democratic values,” he added.
Rajnikanth is wooed vigorously by the BJP in Tamil Nadu to strengthen the party in the state keeping its eyes on 2016 assembly elections as it wanted to present an alternative to AIADMK and DMK. The iconic actor had met Prime Minister Narendra Modi during the Lok Sabha election campaign.
Vasan, who last week broke away from Congress to chart his own course in the state, too has reportedly sought the support of Rajinikanth, whose backing to the TMC at the height of anti-AIADMK campaign on the corruption plank helped it emerge victor in the 1996 elections in alliance with DMK.
When Moopanar founded the Tamil Maanila Congress in 1996 after quitting Congress, Rajinikanth appealed to the people to vote for the DMK and its allies including the TMC by saying that,”even God cannot save Tamil Nadu if Jayalalithaa is voted back to power.”
That appeal was an instant super hit and was used by political parties widely in their campaign. It is no exaggeration to say that the brief appeal electrified his fans, and the people.
Since then, there has been speculation and demands from political parties urging him to join their respective outfits.
Against this backdrop, Elangovan said Rajinikanth “is common to all, a too respected actor to confine him into politics.”
Asked if he would try to align with actor turned politician Vijayakanth led DMDK in the 2016 assembly polls, the TNCC chief merely said “he is a good friend of mine and the DMDK chief too has a lot of respect for Congress party leaders.”
After taking over as TNCC president on November 2, a few days after Vasan loyalist BS Gnanadesikan quit, Elangovan is looking forward to bringing as many popular faces to the party as possible so that the party workers get a morale boost.
Actor Karthik, the matinee idol of the 1980’s joined the Congress yesterday in his presence.
TAGS: E V K S Elangovan Rajinikanth TNCC Chief
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

RIP  JEREMY DALE: Friends remember Skyward cartoonist as big-hearted talentBy Michael Cavna November 5 Follow @comicriffs
JEREMY DALE was precisely the kind of guy you hoped to find yourself with at a convention. He was supportive and sweet, full of humor and heart. Friends and comics colleagues who exhibited alongside him in New York, or Baltimore, or Charlotte, describe him in the most glowing terms.
“I can’t speak highly enough about him — I did always try to sit next to him at Heroes Con,” in North Carolina, the Washington-based artist Shannon Gallant tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “He was a great guy who never got the star status he deserved.”
Dale — like Gallant — worked on G.I. Joe books. The writer/artist also created the hit series “Skyward,” for Action Lab Entertainment.
“Jeremy was a friendly, energetic and enthusiastic presence to everyone he met,” Action Lab said Wednesday in a statement. “Jeremy was an incredibly talented writer and artist, well-liked by the entire comics community, and an example to the spirit of creation and innovation on which Action Lab was founded.”
Dale appeared as a guest at Baltimore Comic-Con just several weeks ago. “Jeremy was a wonderful and hard-working cartoonist who had been a part of the show for years,” Baltimore Comic-Con said Wednesday in a statement to Comic Riffs. “He had contributed to our yearbook in many ways, and was an advocate for his peers.”
Mr. Dale died Monday after a hospitalization, according to his wife, Kelly, who announced his death Tuesday on Facebook . He was 34.
“Our thanks go out to everyone for the outpouring of love and concern. … Jeremy loved you all very much — he appreciated your support and your friendship,” wrote Kelly Dale, herself an Action Lab employee who has started a GoFundMe.com campaign to help her with Mr. Dale’s medical bills and other costs.
“Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife, Kelly, and his family both inside and outside the comics community,” Baltimore Comic-Con tells Comic Riffs in its statement.
“I am shocked and saddened by Jeremy Dale’s untimely passing,” Larry Hama, the legendary G.I. Joe cartoonist, tells Comic Riffs. “He was really coming into his own as a graphic storyteller — getting better all the time with lots of untapped potential. We are poorer for the panels we will never see.”
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

It was a very lonely  scary journey  says Priyanka ChopraThe 32-year-old wants to launch new talent in the film world with small, but good projects.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:18 pm
She enjoys star status in filmdom, but Priyanka Chopra says she missed having a guiding light in her journey. Now as a producer the former beauty queen plans to promote fresh talent.
She calls herself a “baby producer”, but the 32-year-old wants to launch new talent in the film world with small, but good projects.
Talking about a producer’s role, Priyanka told IANS: “I didn’t know I was going to produce films. I want to do make small movies and introduce new talent.”
Priyanka, who made a successful transition from a beauty queen to an actress and is among the most formidable names in the Hindi film industry today, says the encouragement to venture into production came from her own experience.
“When I came into the film industry, I had no one to hold my finger and show me the way and say, ‘This is the right direction’. I never had a mentor and I never even had friends who knew anything about films.
“So for me, it was a very lonely and scary journey, and somewhere I wanted to make a production house which is a place to introduce new talent – writers, directors, musicians and actors through maybe small, but good films,” she said.
It is at this juncture that “Madamji” came knocking at her door.
“Madamji”, her maiden production venture, will be directed by Madhur Bhandarkar and it’d star the National Award winning actress herself in the lead role. The shooting of the film is likely to begin towards the end of November.
“It so happened that Madhur came up to me with ‘Madamji’. Then I felt that if I do a film with Madhur, with whom I have a great working relationship (thanks to ‘Fashion’), and if I produce it, it will give me a good foothold in film production.
“I’m just a baby producer – nothing compared to the big films (producers) out there. So, it was a spontaneous decision to produce ‘Madamji’,” added Priyanka, who has further strengthened her mark as an actress via “Mary Kom” this year.
Spontaneity is something that comes naturally to this beauty, who has gone beyond the realm of acting to establish herself in the international music scene, apart from making her presence felt on forums for girl child rights and the need for a green environment.
Priyanka says she never plans her moves.
“I’m extremely instinctive and spontaneous. So whatever comes my way, I just give it my best. I didn’t know I would become a musician, I didn’t even know I wanted to become an actress. I wanted to be an engineer! So, whenever I propose, god disposes.
“I’ve decided to let him only make my plans. The only thing I do is work really hard at every opportunity that’s given to me, and to whatever instinctively I continued…

Nobel Laureate Backs Raghuram Rajan s Inflation FightMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Mumbai: Nobel laureate economist Finn Kydland has supported Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan's strategy of fighting inflation through high interest rates and dismissed concerns of its impact on growth.
"If inflation has been over 8 per cent, then it is reasonable to cut it down to under that level and do his best to make that with a creditable policy," the Norwegian economist, who won the Nobel in 2004, told reporters.
Earlier on Wednesday evening, Mr Kydland delivered a lecture at the University of Mumbai here.
On the concerns about high rates stifling the growth, Mr Kydland, who is now a professor of economics at the University of California, indicated that it may not be the case.
"Presumably, Rajan would slow down some of the expansion of money in the economy and if it is well understood that that's his aim, it ought to have little effect on the behaviour of the real economy," he said.
Asked about his opinion on Mr Rajan, who taught at the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business before returning to the country as chief economic adviser in the finance ministry, Mr Kydland said, "He seems to me a good guy, isn't he?"
Since taking over as RBI Governor in September last year, Mr Rajan has raised interest rates thrice and continues to hold them at a higher level at 8 per cent, citing inflation.
In his speech, Mr Kydland observed that independence of the central bank is key to achieving the broader goals of policymaking, and interference by the executive is not desirable.
He also said there is a tendency among the policymakers to take away the independence of central banks and this was seen in the US too.
Mr Kydland also expressed concern that India continues to be a difficult destination for doing business. On India ranked 142nd by the World Bank on the ease of doing business list, he said, "That is very disturbing, there is no improvement."
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 21:22 (IST)

Thats not a cloud  those are birdsBigg Boss 8
That’s not a phantom cloud, those are migrating starlings
Murmuration. It’s a word full of music. Of the beating of wings. Of the whirr of feathers. Of the squealing and screeching and chirruping and warbling of tens of thousand of little birds on the move. Starlings. They take to the air and arrive like a season. For entire months they flock together and, when it is time to leave, they take to the air like a cloud, shifting like a gigantic super-beast, a macrocosm of fluid, pulsing life.
The movement of starlings inspires poetry. And it inspires photographers to seek the poetry in their movement. It may have also inspired Hitchcock’s The Birds, but don’t let that bother you for now.
Enjoy these images. And share the joy.
Starlings migrating from northern Europe fly in the sky of Rome with the moon in the background on November 3, 2014. About one-million starlings migrate in Rome during autumn and winter time and draw ... more 
Starlings migrating from northern Europe fly in the sky of Rome with the moon in the background on November 3, 2014. About one-million starlings migrate in Rome during autumn and winter time and draw beautiful patterns in the sky before spending the nights in the trees by the Tiber river, creating chaos in the neighborhood with their droppings. AFP PHOTO / GABRIEL BOUYS less 
1 / 14
Yahoo Lifestyle | Photo by AFP Photo
Thu 6 Nov, 2014 10:30 AM IST

Review: Adapting to new Google email is a choreMy first reactions to Google’s new email app, Inbox, boiled down to one part frustration, one part irritation. It’s meant to make your life easier, but it’s more complicated to use than Google’s Gmail app.
With Inbox, you keep your Gmail email address and contacts. The Inbox app adds organizational tools.
For many people, email is a place to store information. I rely on it for bills, shopping-delivery updates and travel plans. Inbox aims to improve on Gmail’s information warehouse by automatically categorizing messages by subject and making them available to you at a time you prefer. It’s also meant to help you search more easily on your phone.
Problem is, understanding how to use Inbox isn’t intuitive. I spent hours fiddling with it and had assistance from Google that most people wouldn’t have. Even after a few weeks, I still spend more time managing my email than I did with the Gmail app.
Nonetheless, I do plan on using Inbox as my primary email app because it is better at searching through emails.
Inbox is available on Apple and Android phones and Google’s Chrome browser on traditional computers. The free app is technically by invite only, but it didn’t take long to get mine at http://inbox.google.com . You need a Gmail account to use it.
ORGANIZATION
My Gmail app already sorts my email into categories: Bills, travel reservations and appointments typically wind up in Updates, while mailing-list items go to Promotions. The rest go to Primary.
Inbox goes further and calls these categories ”bundles”: Travel, Purchases, Finance, Social, Updates, Forums and Promos. You can also create your own labels – mine include Pics, Work, Links and Taxes – to supposedly sort future emails automatically.
Problem: The distinctions between Google’s bundles are subtle, and it doesn’t always sort emails as I would like them.
And for my own labels, forget it. I often have to move emails manually to their proper place, although that could improve as Inbox learns my preferences.
One feature lets you hide messages from certain bundles so you’re not inundated all day. For instance, I could set Promos to appear only once a day at 7 a.m., or even just Mondays at 7 a.m. However, that 7 a.m. reveal time can’t be changed. I also ended up missing emails I would have liked to see right away because I restricted some bundles too much. Yes, you can manually check all your bundles, but that defeats the purpose of this feature.
MESSAGE MANAGEMENT
There’s ”pinning,” ”sweeping,” ”done” and ”snoozing” functions for every email. (Eyes cross.)
Done, a check mark, is like archiving in Gmail. ”Done” messages are arranged in the order you marked them Done, rather than the order you received them.
Sweeping sends a bunch of emails to Done. I accidentally shuttled my entire inbox to Done (which was alarmingly easy to do) and then found myself with a Done list topped by my oldest emails, from 2005. My Done list is now a mishmash, although I can still search for specific items. Items can be moved back to the main inbox, though.
Pinning keeps a message in your inbox. I pinned messages that contained upcoming dinner plans or needed immediate replies from me. If you receive masses of new emails, you can press a blue button up top to look at only the items you pinned.  Snooze hides an email and brings it back at a time you pick.
SO WHAT’S THE BENEFIT?
Creating labels that separate out photos from dinner plans is nice, but I usually have to manually sort them. Plus, I can already add my own label in the Gmail app.
As for auto-sorting, I prefer the Primary, Updates and Promotions tabs that already exist within Gmail. If there’s a sorting error, it’s easier to drag-and-drop emails in Gmail than change the bundle in Inbox.
I also like seeing precise time elements for all emails, which Inbox wipes out.
REMINDERS
Google thinks that writing yourself reminder posts is better than emailing yourself about things you need to do. Reminders are easy to create, but can get lost. I would prefer that reminders float to the top of my inbox, but they drift lower as other emails come in. You can pin a reminder to prioritize it.
I ended up emailing myself the information I had in a reminder anyway to connect it to the actions I had taken for that task. I also have a simple note-taking app on my phone that I find more convenient as a to-do list.
SEARCH
This is Inbox’s selling point. It’s easier and faster at finding stuff.
With Gmail, a search of one friend’s name and ”phone” brings up 51 emails, with subject lines including ”Thanks,” ”hiya” and ”Itinerary for your upcoming trip.” I have to open one email after another looking for her phone number. With Inbox, the same search terms gets you the phone number right away. You can dial the number right then.
It’s the same with flights. Upcoming and past airline reservations pop up in boxes of their own, with their flight numbers, destinations and flight times.
In Inbox, attachments and photos also pop out, and keywords are highlighted without having to open emails. I can use Inbox to easily find username information that I’ve emailed myself for various online accounts.
I haven’t found that Inbox manages my incoming messages better than Gmail did. But given how often I search my emails, the time I save not having to open thousands of them when looking for nuggets of information makes Inbox worthwhile.
By Tali Arbel

Kapil Dev as coach disappointed Sachin TendulkarMore records as Cristiano Ronaldo's 23rd treble cheers Real Madrid
One of the finest Indian all-rounders of all time, Kapil Dev was a “disappointment” when it came to coaching, reveals batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar in his just-released autobiography ‘Playing It My Way’.
Tendulkar has claimed that he was left disappointed by Kapil during one of the Australia tours since the coach never involved himself in strategic discussions.
In the chapter — Tumultuous Times: India in Australia, November 1999–January 2000 — Tendulkar has written that he had high expectations from Kapil.
“During my second stint as captain, we had Kapil Dev as our coach. He is one of the finest cricketers to have played for India and one of the best all-rounders of all time, and I had great expectations of him in Australia.
“I have always maintained that the coach’s job is an important one, for he is in a position to play a key role in formulating team strategy. Who better than Kapil to come up with options for me during a tough tour of Australia?
“However, his method of involvement and his thought process was limited to leaving the running of the team to the captain, and hence he did not involve himself in strategic discussions that would help us on the field,” Tendulkar writes.
The Indian batting great also shared his frustration on how some of his moves as captain did not pay off but the same strategy clicked when other captains employed it.
Tendulkar talked about the 1997 Sharjah series where he promoted Robin Singh to bat at number three but the southpaw failed and he had to cop heavy criticism from the media.
“The match against Pakistan on 14 December highlights how things were just not going my way. I was batting at number four in this competition, at the selectors’ request. Sourav and Navjot Sidhu had given us a good start against Pakistan, and when Sidhu got out at 143–2, I sent in Robin Singh, the all-rounder, to accelerate the innings. It was a strategy I had given considerable thought to.
“Manzoor Akhtar, the leg-spinner, was at one end bowling around the wicket to the right-handed batsmen. The theory was that Robin, a left-hander, would be able to negotiate his leg-spin better and also hit some big shots. However, Robin got out without scoring after just three balls from Azhar Mahmood, the medium-pacer, and the experiment proved a disaster. In the press I was criticised for sending in Robin ahead of me and the move was blamed for our defeat,” Tendulkar recalled.
“A month later, however, in January 1998, Azhar, back as captain, repeated the very same move in the final of the Silver Jubilee Independence Cup in Dhaka against Pakistan. Robin was sent in at three to keep up the momentum after Sourav and I had got off to a flier and this time Robin played a terrific hand, scoring 82 and setting up the run chase.
“This was arguably a bigger gamble, because he was pitted against the off-spinner Saqlain Mushtaq and it is no secret that left-handers find it more difficult against off-spinners.
“The same experiment was now hailed as a master stroke. Not without reason is it said that success has many fathers while defeat is an orphan,” he wrote.
TAGS: Kapil Dev In Playing It My Way Playing It My Way Sachin Tendulkar's Autobiography
More from sports
Roger Federer shows his magic on India debut Thousands of lucky tennis fans experienced a lifetime moment today when they watched global icon Roger Federer...

Nitesh Rane invokes Narendra Modi  says will  clean  Mumbai of GujaratisSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
Congress MLA Nitesh Rane has stoked a controversy by saying that he wants to begin Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Clean India’ campaign from Mumbai by cleaning the city of all the Gujaratis who hate Marathis.
“Wanna take part in Swacha Bharat abhiyan n start from mumbai!! Wanna start cleaning up all the Marathi hating gujjus from there once for all,” Rane posted on Twitter yesterday.
Nitesh, the son of senior Congress leader Narayan Rane, had earlier also courted controversy by alleging that the Gujarati community was trying to take control over Mumbai.
“We are not against Gujaratis who want to remain in harmony, but are against those who want to take control of the city,” Nitesh had then tweeted.
Defending his anti-Gujarati tweet posted yesterday, Rane today said attention should also be drawn towards the hate statements made (by Gujaratis) almost everyday.
“So much ho ha abt my statement on the Marathi hating gujjus but no 1 is focussing on the hate statements passed by them almost everyday,” he tweeted.
However, senior Congress leader Manikrao Thakre said the party disapproves of such remarks.
“Congress disapproves such comments. I will speak to Nitesh, but this is not the party view,” Thakre told reporters when asked to comment on Rane’s remarks.
TAGS: Nitesh Rane Nitesh Rane Controversy Nitesh Rane Controversy On Swacha Bharat Abhiyan
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

  CCI Decision on Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy Deal This MonthBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) is likely to finalse this month its decision on the $4-billion Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal - the first M&A (merger and acquisition) transaction to have gone through public scrutiny amid concerns of its adverse impact on fair competition in the market.
The big-ticket deal, which would create the country's largest pharmaceutical company, has come under close scrutiny of CCI after it was found prima-facie that the "combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition".
The competition watchdog, which is mandated to keeps a tab on unfair trade practices in the market place across sectors, is expected to take a final decision on the Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal this month, a senior official said.
The public scrutiny of the deal, which would create the fifth largest specialty generics company in the world, ended on September 24. Major issues being examined by  CCI on the deal are with respect to the molecules market.
The combined entity would have operations in 65 countries, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, and a significant platform of specialty and generic products marketed globally. The deal, announced in April this year, is also the first one where the commission sought public comments.
Announcing the public scrutiny process on September 4, CCI had said that the comments should be submitted to it within 15 working days. They were to be submitted along with supporting documents on the way the merger can adversely impact the person or the entity concerned.
The public consultation process was launched in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India.
"The Commission formed a prima facie opinion that the combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition and accordingly directed Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy (Parties) to publish details of the combination within ten working days for bringing the combination to the knowledge or information of the public and persons affected or likely to be affected by such combination," it had said.
Prior to that, the competition watchdog had asked the two pharma majors to make public specific details of their proposed merger.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 14:35 (IST)

Pfizer Posts Rs 11.83 Crore Loss in Q2You are here: Home Corporates
Pfizer Posts Loss of Rs 11.83 Crore in Q2
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 20:50 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Drug firm Pfizer on Thursday reported a standalone loss of Rs 11.83 crore for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2014, due to exceptional expenses incurred at its Thane plant.
The company had registered a net profit of Rs 69.45 crore for the corresponding quarter a year ago, it said in a filing to the BSE.
Net sales of the company during the quarter under review rose marginally to Rs 269.45 crore as against Rs 267.35 crore in the year-ago period, it added.
Exceptional expenses of Rs 76.03 crore were incurred during the quarter in relation to the Thane plant. "The expenses include amount paid towards voluntary retirement scheme/other related costs," the company said.
In August, Pfizer issued a lockout notice at its Thane plant following labour unrest, stating the step was necessitated to ensure safety of its employees.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 20:12 (IST)

India can perform in any conditions: DhoniTweet
0
Confident Dhoni.Dubai: India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni said his One-Day International (ODI) team is capable of adapting and performing in any conditions and the defending champions' preparations will receive a major boost with the tour of Australia prior to the 2015 cricket World Cup.
Fleming backs Raina to have a big World Cup
"Following the World Cup triumph in 2011, we won the ICC Champions Trophy in Britain. This reflects the calibre and talent of the side, and its ability to adapt and perform in any condition," Dhoni said at the '100 days to go to the ICC World Cup 2015' celebrations.
India will play a tri-series in Australia, apart from a five-match Test series starting December 4.
"The tour to Australia in the lead up to the World Cup will be a good opportunity to hone our skills and, like all the sides participating in the tournament, be fully prepared for cricket's ultimate prize," the 33-year-old pointed out.
India defeated Sri Lanka by six wickets in the 2011 World Cup final at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
"The World Cup is the biggest prize in cricket and to defend the title in Australia and New Zealand next year is a special opportunity. Like all the players, as well as millions of die-hard India cricket supporters around the globe, I look forward to the tournament with anticipation and excitement," the wicketkeeper-batsman said.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

India  Russia look to establish smart citiesIndia, Russia look to establish smart cities
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, November 6:  
India and Russia have agreed to proposals for establishing a smart city by Russian company AFK Sistema, manufacturing lighting equipment for general and special purposes in Karnataka and unrolling a group of telecommunication satellites “NextStar” on the geostationary orbit of the earth on the basis of a low budget platform.
These were among the decisions that were taken at the twentieth session of the India-Russia Inter-Governmental Commission on Trade, Economic, Scientific, Technological and Cultural Cooperation which met here on Wednesday.
The two sides also agreed to joint cooperation between National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) and Russian company ACRON for developing potassium and magnesium deposits in the Talitsky mine in the Perm region in Russia and Partomchorr apatite-nepheline ore deposit in the Murmansk region.
Both sides also agreed to enhance bilateral trade through the International North South Corridor Project (INSTC) by freight forwarders and exporters particularly to bolster trade in agriculture and the food processing industry.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

AMD Indias R&D head quitsAMD India’s R&D head quits
Adith Charlie
Tweet
Mumbai, November 6:  
Chipmaker AMD’s decision to cut jobs globally is likely to have an impact on the company’s workforce in India.
Late last month, AMD notified employees about the plan to restructure its workforce as part of a global move to cut over 700 jobs, sources said.
Industry insiders say that Madhusudan Atre, one of AMD India’s top officials, has left the company. Atre was the Country Engineering Head & Corporate Vice-President for AMD India. The company could also make other mid- and senior-level roles redundant, it is reliably learnt.
Restructuring activities
In response to a BusinessLine questionnaire, a spokesperson for AMD India said: “On October 29, we began notifying employees affected by our previously announced targeted restructuring activities.
“Reducing our workforce is difficult because of the impact on our global team-mates, who are leaving the company, but these actions are necessary to align our investments and resources with our highest-priority opportunities.  We are providing affected employees with resources and assistance to help them bridge to their next opportunity.”
The spokesperson did not comment on the number of job reductions in India. According to the company website, AMD has facilities in New Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad.
AMD, which competes with the likes of Intel and Nvidia, said in October that it will cut 7 per cent of its workforce, or about 710 jobs, after missing its sales estimates for the third quarter ended September 30.
The company, which had about 10,100 employees at the end of the third quarter, follows a January-December accounting calendar. It has been losing ground to Intel in the affordable computing space.
“These actions are not about how we manage the business for the short-term, but about how we re-engineer the company for long-term profitability and growth…
“We expect to be largely completed with notifications globally by the end of 2014,” the spokesperson added.
Third round of job cuts
Globally, this is said to be AMD’s third major round of job cuts since 2011. Recently, Chief Executive Officer Rory Read was replaced by Chief Operating Officer Lisa Su, an unexpected move that sparked speculation about fresh issues at the company.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

US Pulls Approval for Ranbaxy Copies of AstraZeneca  Roche DrugsYou are here: Home Corporates
US Pulls Approval for Ranbaxy Copies of AstraZeneca, Roche Drugs
Reuters | Updated On: November 06, 2014 19:03 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai: The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has revoked a tentative approval for Ranbaxy Laboratories to make a cheap copy of AstraZeneca's heartburn drug Nexium, after its Indian plants were banned over quality control issues.
The FDA has also stripped Ranbaxy of tentative approval and six-month exclusivity for a copy of Roche's antiviral Valcyte, a fresh blow to the company that has been hit by a raft of regulatory bans over poor production quality.
The US regulator has banned all of Ranbaxy's India-based plants under a wider scrutiny of the country's $15-billion pharmaceutical industry, which is the largest supplier of generic medicines to the United States.
Ranbaxy was the first company to receive tentative approvals to launch the cheaper copies of the two drugs in 2008, making it eligible to exclusively market the medicines for six months - a huge revenue generating opportunity.
The launch of Nexium and Valcyte generics had been awaiting final approval from the FDA. That was delayed as Ranbaxy struggled to resolve quality control issues at its drug manufacturing plants.
Ranbaxy said in a statement on Thursday that the FDA informed the company that the regulator's original decisions granting tentative approval were "in error because of the compliance status of the facilities" mentioned in the applications.
The US drug regulator also told the Indian drug maker there were no "data integrity issues" related to the company's filings for the two drugs, Ranbaxy said. The company did not elaborate and a spokesman did not respond to a mail seeking comment.
"Ranbaxy is disappointed with this development and is actively evaluating all available options to preserve its rights," the company said.
AstraZeneca on Thursday reported better-than-expected sales performance and raised its 2014 sales forecast for the second quarter in a row, due to the delayed arrival of generic copies of its Nexium drug in the United States.
AstraZeneca CEO Pascal Soriot said he was "not totally sure" how to read Ranbaxy's announcement on generic Nexium. He told analysts in a post-earnings call that he was still assuming there would be no generic Nexium in the United States this year.
Swiss drug maker Roche declined to comment.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

IM is in touch with al-Qaeda  says NIAsafety of citizens
Internet chats of IM cadres in coded terms, accessed by the agency, revealed that the al-Qaeda had assigned them two tasks: kidnapping Jews and creating a terror network in Myanmar.
After a powerful blast by terror outfits on the Pakistani side of the Wagah border claimed more than 60 lives, Indian intelligence agencies are concerned about possible terror attacks following reports of a growing proximity between Indian Mujahideen (IM) and the al-Qaeda in Afghanistan.
The National Investigation Agency probe into IM operations shows key members of the terror outfit in contact with the al-Qaeda to carry out terror attacks in India. Internet chats of IM cadres in coded terms, accessed by the agency, revealed that the al-Qaeda had assigned them two tasks: kidnapping Jews and creating a terror network in Myanmar.

Express 5: RSS person  praises Irani  gets job: PMs first gift to VaranasitodayPrint
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 9:00 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 9:49 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. Return gift
Days after he congratulated Smriti Irani on assuming charge as Human Resource Development Minister and sent her a job application with the reminder that he was an “RSS person” at whose Nagpur house she once had a “brief stay”, Vishram Jamdar was named chairman of the Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) Nagpur.
 
2. Modi’s gift
On Friday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be in Varanasi for the first time since the constituency elected him, bringing with him the first of many gifts it has been promised since he decided to contest from here. He will lay the foundation for a Trade and Crafts Felicitation Centre for weavers, a community that comprises mostly Muslims.
 
3. Sports
Rayudu took his time at the crease and with Shikhar Dhawan going steady at the other end, it allowed him to adjust to the conditions. His first 16 runs came off 30 balls but Rayudu knew that he has it in him to pull it back once he settles down.
READ MORE:  After promotion, success
4. Opinion
In about a week, the nation will celebrate Children’s Day, Bal Divas, extra special this year because it is the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru. He loved children, all children. And the crackle of army bullets kills two schoolboys in Chattergam near Srinagar at this precise moment. It is Muharram time, it has to be a season of mourning.
READ MORE: Children’s Day in Chattergam
5. Businessman-politician
He has friends across parties and been a member of two; he quit the BSP Monday. This has been followed by an exchange of bribery allegations with party chief Mayawati, who has alleged he had offered the party Rs 100 crore for a renomination to the Rajya Sabha.

Akhileshs blanket-sari scheme shelved fornowThere was a budget allocation of Rs 200 crore in 2012-13 and another Rs 600 crore in 2013-14.
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: November 7, 2014 8:56 am
The Akhilesh Yadav government has put another of its flagship scheme —  Bhookh Mukti Evam Jeevan Raksha Guarantee Scheme — on hold even after allocating Rs 800 crore for it. A pair of saris and blankets to women and senior citizens, respectively, were to be distributed across the state under the scheme that was promised by the Samajwadi Party in its election manifesto of 2012.
While the scheme was supposed to be an annual feature, sources claimed the government is likely to implement it at village level just ahead of the 2017 Assembly elections —  to not only save annual expense but also derive political mileage out of it.
As soon as CM Akhilesh Yadav assumed power in 2012, he announced to roll out the scheme with Panchayati Raj department as the nodal agency. However, Principal Secretary, Panchayati Raj Department, Chanchal Tiwari said: “At present, there is no direction for implementing the scheme. It has been put on hold.”
There was a budget allocation of Rs 200 crore in 2012-13 and another Rs 600 crore in 2013-14.
“We have the funds at our disposal and are waiting for the directions,” said Udairaj Singh Yadav, Director, Panchayati Raj. A formal government order for implementing the scheme was issued on March 19 last year.
Then, in July last year, Akhilesh formed a sub-committee of ministers comprising the then panchayati raj minister, Balram Yadav, Minister for Textiles and Sericulture Shiv Kumar Beria and Minister of State (independent charge) for women welfare and culture Arun Kumari Kori, which held a meeting on July 12 last year and decided that the saris will be distributed in September last year. They, however, failed to do so.
According to initial estimates, each sari would cost Rs 214, which included 10 per cent manufacturer’s margin and 3 per cent surcharge for the implementing agency. Thus, a sum of Rs 1,022 crore will be required to provide two saris to the nearly 2.39 crore beneficiaries. The saris were to be provided to all women above 18 years of age and blankets to senior citizens above 65 years in BPL category, Antodyay card holders and beneficiaries of Rani Lakshmi Bai Scheme.
Earlier, there was a rush among suppliers to provide the saris and blankets. Impostors even tried to dupe suppliers by issuing fake supply orders on behalf of the government to extract money. An FIR was also lodged at Hazratganj police station in this regard.

Filmy Friday: Can Rang Rasiya and The Shaukeens derail Happy NewYearIt's all about the glamour and fun v/s history and intrigue on the weekend.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 8:00 am
There are two noteworthy Bollywood movies releasing this Friday – ‘The Shaukeens’ starring Lisa Haydon, Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor and Piyush Mishra and ‘Rang Rasiya’ starring Randeep Hooda and Nandana Sen. ‘The Shaukeens’ also has Akshay Kumar in a special appearance reprising himself.
Between the two, ‘The Shaukeens’ has been promoted well be it TV or the on-site promotions. The movie is the remake of the 1982 cult-classic comedy entertainer ‘Shaukeen’, written and directed by Basu Chatterjee. The movie had Ashok Kumar, Utpal Dutt, AK Hangal, Rati Agnihotri and Mithun Chakraborty playing the lead roles. It was well appreciated by the audiences and critics alike. Lisa Haydon reprises Rati Agnihotri’s act in this one and is being accepted well. Her character is besotted with Akshay Kumar in the movie. The trio – Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor and Piyush Mishra – seems to be fun as far as the trailers of the movie go.
The initial reviews have started pouring in and the movie promises to be a fun watch.
A total contrast to this comic entertainer is ‘Rang Rasiya’, the biopic based on a novel of the infamous, avant-garde 19th century painter Raja Ravi Verma. Infamous because his creations were associated with his physical affection in a time of puritan values and he gave faces to the Gods he painted quite scandalously. Talented actor Randeep Hooda plays the painter, while Nandana Sen plays his muse. The promotions of the movie had picked up in the last 10-15 days, where the actors also talked about the nudity in the movie.
The movie has been waiting its release for six years now but that’s not going to affect its performance at the box office as the movie is a period film. It’s initial reviews have immensely praised Randeep Hooda’s acting in the movie. The movie can be expected to earn good critical reviews and a better word of mouth.
We guess, it’s all about the glamour and fun v/s history and intrigue on the weekend. It remains to be seen, however, whether these movies are able to steer clear off the dragon by the name of ‘Happy New Year’ and make their mark on the ticket counters.

Need to up savings rate for seven per cent GDP growth:HSBCBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 7, 2014 5:56 am
Foreign brokerage HSBC today said the country’s savings rate needs to go up by at least 5 percentage points to 35 per cent, if we want to boost GDP growth to the 7-8 per cent.
“The national saving rate is about 30 per cent of GDP. To achieve GDP growth of 7-8 per cent during Modi’s first term in office, investment needs to rise to at least 35 per cent of GDP,” it said in a note.
The brokerage said the current situation leaves a savings shortfall of 5 per cent of GDP.
It is essential for the euphoric expectations built up prior to Narendra Modi’s election as the PM translate into action in order to achieve the jump in growth, HSBC said.
“Business sentiment has cooled after the post-election euphoria: projects remain stuck, output has cooled and hopes for rapid changes curtailed. To kick up growth, it is essential for infrastructure spending to accelerate, and plans for better housing supply and electricity to be realised,” it said.
It can be noted that the national savings rate had hit an all time high of 36.9 per cent in FY08, but has been consistently declining ever since as the economic conditions worsened.
The country has witnessed two consecutive fiscals of sub 5 per cent growth. However, it clipped up in the first quarter of the current fiscal to 5.7 per cent, but analysts expect it to dip again to the 5 per cent level. RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has called it an “uneven” recovery which is underway in the country.
HSBC said there are a few inherent factors which will push up savings rate in the next few years, like rising labour force participation and deepening of banking network that will attract the savings.
However, it said that narrowing of the fiscal deficit and more efficient public firms will contribute the most in this objective of upping the savings rate.
“Even then, India will still need some 2-3 per cent of GDP in foreign savings to top things up,” it said.

Not enough freedom  high command ruling Tamil NaduCongressKarti P Chidambaram, a member of the AICC and the son of P Chidambaram, discusses the party’s split in Tamil Nadu and criticises the way the national leadership has dealt with the state’s leaders.
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: November 7, 2014 5:23 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 5:24 am
Karti P Chidambaram, a member of the AICC and the son of P Chidambaram, discusses the party’s split in Tamil Nadu and criticises the way the national leadership has dealt with the state’s leaders.
Former TNCC president Gnanadesikan resigned saying he was being ignored by the high command in taking decisions. You have been expressing a similar view. What exactly bothers you?
The fact that the party in the state does not have enough freedom. When issues that matter to the state party unit should be dealt with and discussed by leaders themselves, it is high command that rules the state unit. Maybe the Congress in Kerala can be a model in this situation, where leaders are far more independent than in Tamil Nadu.
It has been said that what contributed to the split was the AICC decision to remove pictures of K Kamaraj and G K Moopanar from membership cards. Do you agree with the decision to use pictures only of Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi?
Instead of pictures, I would suggest a standard design from Kanyakumari to Kashmir.
How do you view reports about a possible alliance of Vasan’s new party with the BJP?
I will not be surprised if he takes such a decision. I do not want to comment on that.
How do you see the Congress progressing under new president E V K S Elangovan?
I wish him all the best in running the party.

Students fuel placement engine at IIMs  IITsStudents juggle smart decisions, strategic planning to maximise hiring at IIMs, IITs
Sreeradha D Basu & Devina Sengupta, ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 03.51AM IST
Tags:
Bombay
(The students have organised…)
MUMBAI: The adrenalin-powered frenzy in the placement cell at the Powai campus of IIT-Bombay matches that of any trading room in a stock broking firm. A 146-member team - mostly students - are industriously working dozens of phone lines reaching out to 5,000 companies to place 1,600 students graduating this year.
The students have organised themselves efficiently into six placement managers, 50 company coordinators and 50 department placement coordinators. The company coordinators call employers and convince them to come to campus for placement season, department placement coordinators prepare students for aptitude tests, group discussions and interviews and another 10 associate placement coordinators also help out the different groups. "We are one of the best placement teams across the country and work very hard to maintain that reputation," says Mohak Mehta, B.Tech Student Representative for IIT-Bombay. IIMs too are gripped by a frenzy that is equally intense — it takes around 60 emails and over 100 phone calls to get one company to come to the campus to recruit, even if the firm is an old timer.
Two Talent Battles Annually
Hundreds of students — who handle most of the placement work under the leadership of a few professors or institute staff — juggle smart, on-the-ball decisions, mathematical calculations, strategic planning and innumerable probabilities to maximise hiring from their respective campuses. Welcome to the annual placement ritual that will decide the future of over 9,000 students from IITs and 3,335 students from IIMs. This annual affair that stokes up ambition, excitement and emotions is now also unfolding in hundreds of other engineering colleges and B-Schools.
BREAKING THE GROUND
Armed with a set of visiting cards, Nishith Kejriwal, Coordinator, Placement Committee for IIM-Indore, visited 40-50 companies during every term break for a year. The 16-member placement team lived in relatives' homes during such visits and worked 6-8 hours after his classes during final placements for batch of 2014, while he was in his first year. He is attentive to every whim of the recruiters, which salad a recruiter likes, for example. "Most (students) do not even say a thank you after they get placed," said Kejriwal, who will sit for placements this year.
But the larger placement mission is bigger than such niceties. Indore has over 500 students to be placed in 2015 and students like Kejriwal have been working on it since July. At IIMs, the first year students handle the final placements, while the second year looks after the summer internship placements. This way, the entire database collected by second year students during summer internships is handed down to the first year students like a family heirloom.
 
PLOTTING AND SLOTTING
It's not just the students, sophisticated project management software also power the work done by placement cells. IIT-Kanpur, for example, has installed a software which monitors all calls, records those missed and alerts on the call backs. Preparations started this February and 250 recruiters have registered. IIT-Kanpur's 46-member placement team will now have to strategically decide the order in which firms get to interview talent while keeping all employers happy. Students at IIMs and IITs also jot down their dream companies and the placement cells ensure these firms do come and recruit. Generally two talent battles rage in the thick of the annual placement action. First, companies fight with each other for the best talent. Second, campuses fight with one another for the best recruiters, job offers and salaries.
An alumni of one of the top IIMs explains how they got the best to recruit without ruffling feathers in year 2009. If company X has 20 openings and recruits 10 at IIM-A, before going to IIM-B and IIM-C, the latter two campuses stand to lose out.
Another IIM alumni shows how negotiations with companies go: "I can't promise you a better slot; but I'll start your process an hour before the others in your space." Or, the placement team would try to convince them to offer more and better roles. So, if one bank wanted a better slot than two other banks, and all of them were offering the same roles in consumer and corporate banking, the placement team would try and get the first bank to offer treasury roles, which were coveted.
There are always negotiations to persuade companies to make more offers. So, if one company was making 4 offers and has 2 on the waitlist, the placement team tries to get them to make more concrete offers.
D-DAY
The placement team works late into the last day before placements begin. Early in the morning of day zero, teams run through the check list one last time: hotel arrangements, food preferences, special arrangements for international recruiters etc.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Israel positive about  Make in India  drive:...You are here: Home > Collections > India
Israel positive about 'Make in India' campaign: Benjamin Netanyahu
PTI Nov 7, 2014, 06.33AM IST
(Netanyahu said that Israel…)
TEL AVIV: Responding favourably to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' initiative, his Israeli counterpart Benjamin Netanyahu has told visiting Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh that his country is keen to take advantage of the move.
Netanyahu said that Israel is ready and willing to discuss transfer and development of technologies with India.
"Israeli industries, including the defence industries, could 'make in India' and thereby reduce costs of manufacturing products and systems developed by Israel", the Israeli Premier said.
The Israeli leader also expressed willingness to send a delegation from Israeli industries to visit India to explore manufacturing opportunities in different sectors.
Singh, in this context, proposed exploring jointly third country markets in Africa and Latin America, where Indian industry has a strong presence.
He earlier made a strong pitch for Israeli industries, including those from the defence sector, to take advantage of the investment friendly policies adopted by the new government with special reference to the 'Make in India' campaign.
Launched in September, the 'Make in India' is a major national program designed to facilitate investment, foster innovation, enhance skill development and build best-in-class manufacturing infrastructure.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ranbaxy loses 6 months exclusivity on Valcyte drugRanbaxy Laboratories loses six months exclusivity on Roche's antiviral drug Valcyte
ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 12.28PM IST
Tags:
AstraZeneca
("Ranbaxy is disappointed…)
NEW DELHI: The US drug regulator has revoked its decision to grant tentative approval to Ranbaxy Laboratories for exclusive marketing of its generic versions of Roche's antiviral drug Valcyte and AstraZeneca's heartburn pill Nexium, saying it was erroneous. The FDA had earlier banned Ranbaxy's Indian plants over product quality issues.
"In FDA's view, Ranbaxy has forfeited its eligibility for 180-day exclusivity for its ANDA for valganciclovir hydrochloride tablets (Valcyte)," Ranbaxy said in a communication to the stock exchange after market hours on Thursday . It, however, was silent on whether it has also surrendered its exclusivity rights for generic Nexium. The exclusive marketing right was for six months.
A spokesperson for Ranbaxy refused to say more than what the company had told the stock exchanges.
Analysts expected Ranbaxy, which is being acquired by Sun Pharma, to earn upwards of $200 million through these exclusive marketing opportunities. Of this, they estimated revenue from generic Nexium to top $160 million. "Ranbaxy is disappointed with this development and is actively evaluating all available options to preserve its rights," the company said. Ranbaxy was expected to launch the Nexium generic in May and market it till November, but it had failed to do so till date. In an investor call early this month, Ranbaxy's CEO, Arun Sawhney , had said that the company believes it maintains exclusivity opportunity for Nexium.
Ranjit Kapadia, senior vice-president at Centrum Broking, said the news could hit the shares of Ranbaxy and Sun Pharma.Another analyst said Ranbaxy can just hope that it can still market the first Nexium generic version from its US-based plant, which is the only FDA-approved facility that can still supply drugs to the US market.
The delay in launching a low-cost version had prompted the US states, rival generic drugmakers, consumer groups, drug retailers and wholesalers to step up pressure on Ranbaxy to either immediately launch or bow out to allow other generic drugmakers to launch. In September, Attorney General of Connecticut, George Jepsen, had urged the FDA to either make Ranbaxy deliver on its promise to bring its generic version of Nexium or scrap its drug application and allow other generic drugmakers to make low-priced version of this drug, which earns its parent firm over $5 billion yearly in US sales alone.
Jepsen had said "Ranbaxy's actions have stalled FDA approval of any other generic drug alternatives to AstraZeneca's Nexium." He added that consumers should not suffer as a result of the company's manufacturing problems.
Jepsen's request to the FDA follows a citizen's petition filed by an unnamed `generic drugmaker' in May this year. The petition, which was reviewed by ET, argued that the FDA should have scrapped Ranbaxy's drug applications seeking generic exclusivity because it had originated from Paonta Sahib and Dewas, units blacklisted by the US drug regulator for manufacturing lapses and generating falsified data. On Thursday, the US drug regulator cited the "compliance status" of the drug-making facilities referenced in the new drug applications at the time it granted tentative approval as reason for its decision.
The petition quoted earlier claimed that the scale of fraudulent activities at Ranbaxy makes it implausible that drug applications filed at that time from affected facilities were not fraught with flawed data. If Ranbaxy has renewed its application for the same drugs from another site, that should be treated as new applications and the company should lose its status as first generic applicant and forgo the 180-day exclusive marketing opportunities it is holding on to.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ebola surging in Sierra Leone: United Nationsviral diseases
The number of Ebola cases is surging in Sierra Leone as the country suffers from a lack of treatment centres, while lack of food and basic goods is forcing some people to leave quarantine areas, the United Nations said.
The U.N. Mission for Ebola Emergency Response (UNMEER) said in its weekly report that a total of 1,062 people had died in Sierra Leone from the virus, with the outbreak particularly virulent in the western areas around the coastal capital Freetown.
Sierra Leone is emerging as the focal point for concern in the worst Ebola outbreak on record. The World Health Organisation said on Wednesday that 4,818 people had died in the epidemic and said the number of cases was still rising in Sierra Leone, though it was stabilising in neighbouring Guinea and slowing in Liberia.
Sierra Leone has 288 beds spread across four Ebola Treatment Centres (ETCs) treating 196 confirmed cases of the disease as of Nov. 2, UNMEER said. However, the U.N. mission said it suspects 50 per cent of cases of the Ebola virus disease (EVD) are not being reported across Sierra Leone.

http://usat.ly/1u4jRhpFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Postal Service announces holiday mail deadlines
If you're looking to send gifts through The Postal Service this holiday, it could be easier this year.
Post to Facebook
Postal Service announces holiday mail deadlines If you're looking to send gifts through The Postal Service this holiday, it could be easier this year. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u4jRhp
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
7
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Postal Service announces holiday mail deadlines
Video Keywords America
The U.S. Postal Service says it will deliver packages on Sundays in major cities and high volume areas this holiday season. Delivery will run through Christmas Day. (Nov. 6) AP
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  So I'm very happy to announce that starting. On November
00:03  17. Eleven days from now. Will be delivering packages. Seven days
00:09  a week in many areas of the country you're also going
00:12  to be seeing our letter carriers out. On Christmas Day yet
00:16  so look out for workers. They do a tremendous job not
00:20  only during the holidays. They do a tremendous job day in
00:23  day out just like every postal employee that works for the
00:27  US Postal Service and works for America. Last year we had
00:31  a very good year in terms of on time delivery and
00:33  this was a result of the entire organization working together to
00:37  deliver the holidays. Making even more extensive. Preparations this year. It
00:43  was busy season ahead of us we expect to handle about
00:46  550. Million. Packages letters and cards that day. Between now and
00:53  the holidays and ready to deliver every single one.
Michael Winter, USA TODAY 8:50 p.m. EST November 6, 2014
A U.S. Postal Service letter carrier delivers packages during the holidays.
(Photo: U.S. Postal Service photo via PR Newswire)
607 CONNECT 90 TWEET 22 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Mail early, and be aware of the various deadlines for cards and packages to arrive by Christmas, the United States Postal Service said Thursday.
The Postal Service also said that beginning Nov. 17 and through Christmas Day it will deliver packages seven days a week in major cities and high-volume areas.
• Dec. 2 – First-Class Mail International/Priority Mail International
• Dec. 10 – Priority Mail Express International
• Dec. 15 – Standard Post
• Dec. 17 – Global Express Guaranteed
• Dec. 20 – First-Class Mail/Priority Mail (domestic)
• Dec. 23 – Priority Mail Express (domestic)
Reminder: "All mail addressed to military Post Offices overseas is subject to certain conditions or restrictions regarding content, preparation and handling."
The 2014 holiday stamp line up features Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer and other stars from the longest-running TV special, which marks its 50th anniversary this year.
(Photo: USPS)
As part of its holiday kickoff , the USPS also announced that its Christmas stamp stars are Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer and his supporting stop-animation cast on the longest-running TV special, which marks its 50th anniversary this year.
Joining Rudolph on the Forever stamps (which cost 49 cents) are Santa, the little boy Hermey and Bumble, the not-so-abominable snowman.

Sensex Edges Higher  Nifty Hovers Near 8 350You are here: Home Market
Sensex Edges Higher, Nifty Hovers Near 8,350
NDTV | Updated On: November 07, 2014 09:25 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty traded flat on Friday with some profit-taking seen in banking stocks after their recent outperformance.
The Sensex was up 20 points at 27,936 while Nifty edged up to 8,347, up 9 points.
However, buying was seen in broader markets, with BSE midcap and smallcap stocks rising nearly 0.4 per cent.
Asian shares wobbled in early trading on Friday, while the euro wallowed around two-year lows after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi vowed to take more easing steps to spark growth in the euro zone.
Investors were likely to remain cautious ahead of the key US nonfarm payrolls report later in the session. Solid gains in employment would increase speculation that the U.S. Federal Reserve could raise U.S. interest rates in the middle of next year.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down about 0.1 per cent in early trading, while Japan's Nikkei stock average rose 0.6 percent.
Story first published on: November 07, 2014 09:25 (IST)

Asian Shares Waver  Euro Wallows Near LowsYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Waver, Euro Wallows Near Lows
Reuters | Updated On: November 07, 2014 07:30 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Tokyo: Asian shares wobbled in early trading on Friday, while the euro wallowed around two-year lows after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi vowed to take more easing steps to spark growth in the euro zone.
Investors were likely to remain cautious ahead of the key US nonfarm payrolls report later in the session. Solid gains in employment would increase speculation that the US Federal Reserve could raise US interest rates in the middle of next year.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down about 0.1 per cent in early trading, while Japan's Nikkei stock average rose 0.6 per cent.
On Thursday, Wall Street rose in a volatile session, with the Dow Jones industrial average and S&P 500 hitting record closing highs, and European shares posting modest gains after Draghi said further stimulus means the ECB's balance sheet would be as large as it was in March 2012, when it grew to 3 trillion euros.
Draghi's remarks came after the ECB kept interest rates at a record low of 0.05 per cent.
"The trade in FX still centers around policy divergence and in Draghi's own words, the 'main message' today is that 'ECB assets will expand as others contract.' As long as there is a risk of additional easing from the ECB, the euro will remain under pressure," said Kathy Lien, managing director at BK Asset Management in New York, in a note to clients.
But with speculators holding the largest amount of euro/dollar short positions since July 2012, the single currency is vulnerable to a short squeeze up to $1.2600, she added, and said she viewed any euro rallies as an opportunity to sell before its eventual move down to $1.2250.
In early Asian trading, the euro edged up to $1.2383 after brushing a more than two-year low of $1.2370.
The dollar bought 115.12 yen, not far from a fresh 7-year peak of 115.52 touched overnight.
US data showed the number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits fell more than expected to 278,000 last week, compared with forecasts of 285,000. Claims have now been below the 300,000 threshold for eight straight weeks, suggesting that employment growth was gaining momentum.
Later on Friday, the nonfarm payrolls are expected to show a rise of 231,000 jobs last month after increasing 248,000 in September, according to a Reuters survey of economists. The jobless rate is seen steady at a six-year low of 5.9 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

India Inc lauds Modi govt s economic revival planThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IT stocks in focus after Cognizant earningsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

20 may be moved in PM Modi s Cabinet shake-up on SundayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Struggling in India  Toyota said to ask Daihatsu minicar unit to helpThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Issues Notice of Intent to Grant Exemptive Relief to Permit the Offering..Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India s economy likely to grow 6.4% next year; may be a hair s breadth away from China by 2016: OECDThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Buy Shriram Transport  IDFC Today: Sanjeev BhasinThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

What intraday target can we expectCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Aaa ab lot chole 37 peCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

It has twice attempted 107.45 but cud not clear it. i expect some cons...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Entity registered as broker cannot act as merchant banker: Sebimarket and exchange
An entity registered only as a stock broker cannot undertake the role of a merchant banker in the capital markets, regulator Sebi has said.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India has stated this position in reply to an ‘interpretive letter’ sought by Almondz Global Securities (AGSL), who had asked whether it, as a stock broker, can handle any issue of debt securities offered on a private placement basis.
In case of AGSL, Sebi further said that although it was registered as a merchant banker too, it was barred by Sebi in March 2014 from taking up fresh assignments as a merchant banker for a period of five years.
In March 2014, Sebi had prohibited AGSL from taking up new assignment or involvement in any new issue like an IPO, follow on issue etc from the securities market for five years in the matter of PG Electroplast.
Later in April, Sebi also suspended AGSL (as a merchant banker) for six months in the matter of Bhartiya Global Infomedia.
According to Sebi, in the present case, the activities specified by AGSL are in the nature of activities carried out by a merchant banker, therefore AGSL (stock broker) cannot perform such activities.

Working during retirement can reduce Social Security benefitWorking during retirement can reduce Social Security benefit
By Elliot Raphaelson, Tribune Content Agency, The Savings Game
Retirement Planning Retirement
More people are working during their retirement years than ever before. It is important to know the potential disadvantages as well as the advantages. You should definitely know that wages earned in retirement can affect Social Security benefits for you and your dependents.
The key factor is whether you have reached your full retirement age (FRA), which is determined by the year of your birth. For example, if you were born in the years 1943 through 1954, your FRA is 66; if you were born in 1960 and later, your FRA is 67. For those born in the years 1938 through 1942 and 1955 through 1959, the FRA is prorated. People may elect to receive Social Security benefits at 62, before reaching FRA, although the benefit amount will be less than if you waited until FRA.
If you have reached your FRA, there is no limit to how much you can earn in wages without reducing your benefits. However, if you receive benefits before reaching FRA and also earn wages or salary, the amount of your earnings will determine whether your Social Security benefits will be affected.
In the latter scenario, if your 2014 earnings are no more than $15,480, then your Social Security benefits are not reduced. Each year, new limits will be specified, adjusted for inflation.
0
However, if you earn more than $15,480 in 2014, for every $2 you earn above $15,480, $1 will be deducted from your Social Security payment. If you earn more than $15,480 in the year you reach FRA, for every $3 you earn above $41,400, $1 will be deducted from your payment in the months before your birth month only. There is no penalty beginning at the birth month.
The types of income that count toward these limits are gross earnings from employment or net earnings from self-employment. Other income, such as investment income, interest, inheritances, and other government payments do not affect your Social Security income, and do not have to be reported to SSA.
For any month your benefits are stopped or reduced because of your excess earnings, you will receive credit. These adjustments, called "adjustments to the reduction factor," are made when you reach FRA. The effect of these adjustments is that you are not penalized for earnings above the limits specified above.
If your children or spouse are receiving benefits based on your work record, their benefits can be reduced if your earnings exceed the limits discussed above. If this is the situation, discuss the possible impact with an SSA representative prior to earning more than these limits.
A special rule applies if you are retiring mid-year. This rule applies only during the first year of your retirement. Under this rule, if your earnings in the months prior to your retirement are under 1/12 of the annual limit ($1,290 in 2014 preceding FRA, or $3,450 per month in the year you reach FRA), you receive a full Social Security payment for any month you are retired. This rule allows unlimited earnings after you retire, as long as your monthly income in the months before you retire is under the limits specified.
More detailed information is available from the Social Security Administration publication, "How Work Affects Your Benefits" ( http://www.ssa.gov/pubs/10069.html ).
If you are self-employed, the SSA uses hours of work rather than earnings to determine whether Social Security earnings are withheld. Working more than 45 hours is considered "substantial services" and bars Social Security payments that month. Working under 15 hours is not considered substantial. Work between 15 and 45 hours is judged on the individual characteristics of your case. Detailed information is available from the Social Security Administration publication, "If You Are Self-Employed" ( http://www.Ssa.gov/pubs/10022.html ).
If you work after age 70 1/2, you can contribute to only Roth IRAs, not regular IRAs.
Up to 85 percent of your Social Security benefits can be taxable. Accordingly, one of the factors to take into consideration when deciding whether to work during retirement is the taxability of those benefits.
An excellent and readable book that covers all aspects of Social Security is "Social Security, the Inside Story," 2014 edition, by Andy Landis.
(Elliot Raphaelson welcomes your questions and comments at elliotraph@gmail.com .)
(c) 2014 ELLIOT RAPHAELSON. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Entrepreneur Shubham Banerjee  13  gets Intel funding for low-cost Braille printerEditorial: Reliance Industries goes to Mexico
If Shubham Banerjee cannot lay claim to being the world’s youngest venture capital-backed entrepreneur, he comes very close. Banerjee was 12 years old when he closed an early-stage funding round with Intel Capital, the company’s venture capital arm, last month for his prototype for a low-cost Braille printer.
Since then, the San Jose, California middle-schooler has turned 13. That’s young, even by the standards of Silicon Valley, where many venture capitalists unapologetically prefer to fund youth over experience. Young entrepreneurs usually have reached at least their mid-teens when they hit it big.
Nick D’Aloisio, founder of online news aggregator Summly, was 17 when Yahoo bought his company last year for $30 million. Brothers John and Patrick Collison, behind payments service Stripe, were 16 and 19 when they sold an earlier business to a Canadian company for $5 million. After reading a fundraising flyer about the blind, Banerjee felt inspired to turn a high-tech version of Legos, the toy building blocks, into a device that could print in Braille. One day, he wants to mass-produce the printers and sell them for about $350, far less than Braille printers cost now.
This past summer, he worked on incorporating an Intel Edison chip, a processor aimed at hobbyists, into the printer. In September, Intel invited him to a conference in India to highlight uses for Edison. There, he got a big surprise. Intel executive Mike Bell announced from the conference stage that the giant chipmaker would invest in his company, Braigo Labs. Until then, his funding consisted of the $35,000 his parents gave him.
“I turned back to my dad, and said, ‘What did he just say?'” Banerjee recalled. “I was all over the place.”
Banerjee and a spokesman for Intel Capital declined to disclose the size of the investment. A person familiar with the matter said it was a few hundred thousand dollars. He plans to use it to build a better prototype of the printer and test it with more groups for the blind. After the announcement, Banerjee had to bone up on unfamiliar terms such as “venture capital.”
He also needed to convince adults to co-sign his funding and patent documents. Among the company officials he turned to: Braigo’s president, his mom, Malini. Banerjee says he gets mostly As and Bs as a student at the Champion School in San Jose, California. Teachers have given him time off to attend events like the conference in India and the Intel Global Capital summit this week in Huntington Beach, California. He catches up on school work on weekends, he says.
This is the second Intel investment connected to the Banerjee family. His dad, Neil, works for Kno, an education start-up that Intel bought last year. While many young entrepreneurs who win venture-capital cash end up ditching their education to focus on their businesses full time, Banerjee says he won’t take that path. “It’s an after-school thing,” he says.
TAGS: Intel Capital Intel Investment Shubham Banerjee
More from companies

Indian-origin entrepreneur Rajesh Agrawal launches Xendpay unique remittance serviceDespite dip, Indian rupee first among equals
A London-based Indian-origin entrepreneur has launched a unique “pay-what-you-want” money remittance service that abolishes compulsory fees.
India-born Rajesh Agrawal believes his Xendpay online platform will save customers in the developing world £60 million over the next five years.
India is the largest recipient of remittances in the world, with USD 71 billion sent last year. World Bank figures show global migrants last year sent home 250 billion pounds in remittances to developing countries – with an eight per cent increase predicted for 2014.
“It is a social imperative that the cost of sending money abroad is significantly reduced,” said Agrawal, who announced the launch here this week.
“The remittance industry takes far more than it needs to in profit and in doing so drains away a lot of money that would otherwise reach those in developing nations. By launching a no fees, best rate transfer service I hope to challenge and change this,” he added.
Under the Xendpay model, customers can send anything from 1 to 100,000 pounds and will be asked to “tip” what they want for the service – even if it’s nothing – and will also be given the best exchange rates usually reserved for multinational corporations.
“I set up Xendpay not to be the biggest or to make money but to make money transfer better and cheaper. I believe people will recognise the value in what we are doing both financially and socially and that as a result the discretionary ‘tips’ model will work,” explains Agrawal.
The Xendpay model has been accepted as a Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) Commitment to Action, with an objective to save people sending money through the platform. Established by Bill Clinton in 2005, the CGI convenes global leaders to create and implement innovative solutions to the world’s most pressing challenges.
Xendpay is part of the Rational Group of companies, which offers low-cost money transfer services which has made transfers worth over USD 5 billion of transfers since inception in 2005.
TAGS: India Remittance Rajesh Agrawal Remittance Service Xendpay
More from bankingampfinance

Gold  silver prices fall on global cuesGold, silver prices fall on global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 15:58 IST
Gold prices plunged by Rs 450 to trade at over three-year low of Rs 25,900 per 10 grams in the national capital on Wednesday as the dollar's strength dampened demand for the precious metal.
Besides, low demand from jewellers and retailers who preferred to defer their buying activity on hopes of further dip in prices and diversion of funds towards soaring equity markets, weighed on prices.
Silver followed suit and recorded a steep fall of Rs 900 to Rs 35,050 per kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Bullion traders said a weakening trend in global markets, as the dollar's strength eroded demand, mainly put pressure on the precious metal .
Further, jewellers and retailers deferring their buying on expectations of further slide in gold prices, dampened sentiments.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 1.90 per cent to $1,146.34 an ounce, the lowest since April 2010 and silver plunged 3.4 per cent to $15.48 an ounce, the lowest since February 2010.
Meanwhile, gold in futures trading at the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) was trading lower by Rs 530, or over 2 per cent, at Rs 25,433 per 10 grams.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity dropped by Rs 450 each to trade at over three-year low of Rs 25,900 and Rs 25,700 per 10 grams, respectively.
Sovereign also showed some weakness and declined by Rs 100 to Rs 23,600 per piece of eight grams.
Silver ready dropped by Rs 900 to Rs 35,050 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 1,210 to Rs 34,730 per kg.
Silver coins also tumbled by Rs 2,000 to Rs 57,000 for buying and Rs 58,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

PM Narendra Modi reviews infrastructure sectors; new civil aviation policy onanvilFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
A new civil aviation policy is under preparation of the government, a high-level meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi was told today amid his thrust on inter-linking connectivity-related infrastructure sectors.
Reviewing work in connectivity-linked infrastructure sectors, he emphasised the need for faster inter-ministerial coordination and resolution of issues, and laid stress on achieving visible results in clear timeframes.
Modi directed strict monitoring of projects, based on monthly completion of targets.
He said he looked forward to a meeting with coastal states to discuss infrastructure, coastal security, island development and tourism in an integrated and holistic manner.
The review focussed on progress of work towards achievement of targets in the sectors of road, railways, shipping and civil aviation.
“The Prime Minister underlined that the development vision of various connectivity-related infrastructure sectors should be inter-related and closely coordinated,” a PMO statement said.
With regard to the civil aviation sector, it was noted that a new policy is under preparation.
Modi said states should be made partners in working out and maintaining the viability of new international airports proposed to be set up within their territory.
Expressing satisfaction over the beginning of work at Pakyong Airport in Sikkim, it was noted that with the start of the second route for the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra and the thrust of Sikkim as an organic state, this airport would be able to cater to a huge demand for air services.
The meeting was also told that 20 projects in 10 sectors have been identified for FDI following the decision to allow 100 per cent foreign investment in the railways.
The railways have also designed and fabricated a new wagon specifically for transport of salt, which will lead to a 40 per cent increase in the carrying capacity.
Referring to Sagarmala project under which ports of the country are to be inter-linked, Modi said it must lay stress on “port-led development”–which will include various connectivity elements like ports, international shipping, highways and railways.
Emphasising that there is now no delay in decision-making at the highest level, the Prime Minister said it should now be possible to achieve all infrastructure targets, the statement said.
He urged top officials to undertake cyber-visits of all major project locations at least once a month, so that they could keep track of the progress of work on a real-time basis, it said.

FM promises reforms in other natural resources beyond coal. Auctions the way to goSilver Member
0 Follower
That`s what will happen. Then this will create way for the next wave of inflation like how real estate shit has done in the last 5 years and then shit govt and court will realize that this is wrong.

PMs climate change council recastNew Delhi, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 02:27 IST
PM’s climate change council recast
Meena Menon
AP Environmetal scientist R.K. Pachauri.
TOPICS
government
R.K. Pachauri retained; Sunita Narain, Ratan Tata dropped
The Union government reconstituted the Prime Minister’s Council on Climate Change on Wednesday to coordinate the National Action Plan for Assessment, Adaptation and Mitigation of Climate Change.
The 18-member council retains R.K. Pachauri, Chairperson of the Inter-governmental Panel on Climate Change; Chandrashekhar Dasgupta, Distinguished Fellow, TERI; and Nitin Desai, economist. Raj Chengappa and R. Ramachandran, journalists; Sunita Narain, director-general of the Centre for Science and Environment; Ratan Tata, industrialist; and the former Environment Secretary Prodipto Ghosh have been dropped. It has re-nominated Ajay Mathur, head of the Bureau of Energy Efficiency, and included the Union Ministers for Coal and Power and Urban Development. The United Progressive Alliance (UPA) constituted the council first in 2007, but it had not met for over three years. Official sources said the attempt was to revive and streamline the council and set the agenda to deal with climate change.
The council has Ministers for External Affairs, Finance, Environment, Forests and Climate Change, Agriculture, Science and Technology, and Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation and the Cabinet Secretary, the Foreign Secretary, the Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister, who is the convener, and J.M. Mauskar, formerly with the Environment Ministry.
The new council will coordinate the action plan and advise the government on proactive measures that can be taken by India to deal with the challenge of climate change, an official statement said. It will facilitate inter-ministerial coordination and guide policy in relevant areas. The council will evolve a coordinated response to issues relating to climate change at the national level, provide oversight for formulation of action plans in the area of assessment, adaptation and mitigation of climate change and periodically monitor key policy decisions.
The Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change will assist the Prime Minister’s Office in facilitating the work of the council.
In the previous council, the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh included Montek Singh Ahluwalia, Deputy Chairperson of the Planning Commission; R. Chidambaram, the then Principal Scientific Adviser to the Prime Minister; V. Krishnamurthy, Chairperson, National Manufacturing Competitiveness Council; and C. Rangarajan, Chairman, Economic Advisory Council.
The composition of the reconstituted Prime Minister's Council on Climate Change is as follows:
Prime Minister

Audi plans to drive A3 hatch into India to defend luxury crownMercedes Benz inaugurates Chandigarh's largest dealership
Fresh from the success of its A3 compact luxury sedan, Audi is now planning its next challenger for compatriots and rivals Mercedes-Benz and BMW. The Volkswagen Group company plans to enter the luxury hatchback segment with the launch of the A3 hatchback in India to rival Mercedes’ A-Class and BMW’s 1-Series hatchbacks.
Joe King, Head, Audi India, told FE that the A3 sedan has sold beyond the company’s target, clocking around 1,000 units within three months. Audi had emerged as the domestic luxury car market leader last year by being the first to cross annual sales of 10,000 units.
“We had a different strategy by not entering hatchbacks at first and it has paid off. In the Indian market, luxury still means a sedan. Now we are considering the A3 hatchback for India because that makes sense. The A1 does not make immediate sense because it is too small,” he said.
King added that Audi will launch 10 new models next year, including refreshments and models in the upper end of the market.
Audi is also planning “major investments” that will help in localisation, especially of engines. Right now the car maker has a capacity of 14,000 units a year at the Volkswagen Group plant in Aurangabad, Maharashtra, which can be expanded to around 20,000 units with two shifts.
“There is a strong message from the government. So, we are planning our next level of investments towards manufacturing and localisation,” King said.
Gaurav Vangaal, automotive analyst for light vehicle forecasting at IHS, said, “Most rivals in the luxury car space are already there in the hatchback segment. These include Mercedes’ A-class, Mini and BMW’s 1-Series. But given Audi’s aggressive marketing, the A3 hatch is expected to carve a big piece of the pie from rivals, while giving incremental volumes to its own A3 brand. With most of the luxury car range already present in India, the way to go is compact.”
TAGS: Audi Audi A3 Audi A3 Hatchback BMW Mercedes Benz Volkswagen
More from automobiles

PM Modi ranks 15 in Forbes  World s Most Powerful listPM Narendra Modi ranks 15 in Forbes' World's Most Powerful list, Putin tops for 2nd year
Yoshita Singh     New York   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 18:36 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday made his debut among the world's most powerful people, ranked 15th on the Forbes list topped by Russian President Vladimir Putin who pipped his United States counterpart Barack Obama for a second year in a row.
The list of 72 most powerful people in the world also included the names of Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani at 36th, ArcelorMittal Chairman and CEO Lakshmi Mittal at 57th and Microsoft's Indian-born CEO Satya Nadella at 64th.
On PM Modi, Forbes said "India's newest rock star doesn't hail from Bollywood. He is the newly elected Prime Minister who sailed into office in May with a landslide victory, ushering the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) into power after decades of control by the Gandhi dynasty."
The magazine described him as a "Hindu nationalist" and refereed to the 2002 Gujarat riots when he was the state's Chief Minister.
"Modi is credited with massive reconstruction projects in his home state of Gujarat. His administration promises to bring economic rejuvenation to other beleaguered parts of India. The world is as impressed as the citizens of India: So far he's toured the US and China and met with his Southeast Asian neighbours," Forbes said.
This year there are 12 newcomers on the list, including the Prime Minister and Egypt President Abdel el-Sisi.
Jack Ma, Alibiba founder and China's richest man, also makes a first appearance on the list after his company's record-breaking US $25 billion initial public offering (IPO) in the US markets in September, as does terror group Islamic State's chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
A notable omission from the list is Congress Party President Sonia Gandhi, who was the highest ranked Indian in 2013 at 21.
The next Indian after Modi on the list is Mukesh Ambani at 36th.
Forbes said Ambani has business ventures in petrochemicals, manufacturing, oil and gas production, and now wireless sectors, "the sum of which have landed him as the richest person in India for eight years running".
The magazine noted Reliance's US $655 million acquisition of the domestic media outfit Network18.
In October, Modi inaugurated Ambani's Reliance Foundation's new hospital in Mumbai, "ending rumours about Ambani's waning clout in New Delhi," it said.
This is the second year in a row that Putin carries the crown. Obama had previously been on the top of the list for every year with the exception of 2010, when Hu Jintao, the former political and military leader of China, was ranked 1.
Forbes said after a year when Putin annexed Crimea, staged a proxy war in the Ukraine and inked a deal to build a more than US $70 billion gas pipeline with China, its choice of him as the most powerful person "simply seems prescient."
"Russia looks more and more like an energy-rich, nuclear-tipped rogue state with an undisputed, unpredictable and unaccountable head unconstrained by world opinion in pursuit of its goals," it said.
"Heading into the second half of his second term, Obama seems stymied both by the West African Ebola breakout and a blood-thirsty militia named ISIS, which threaten to undo all the gains of a 9-year war in Iraq that cost the lives of 4,500 Americans," Forbes said.
The magazine said said at home, Obama had to address the racially charged images of unrest in Ferguson, Missouri which mocked his 2008 message of "Change."
"On the plus side, unemployment is at its lowest level since the Great Recession and the markets continue test new highs. One word sums up his second place finish: caution. He has the power but has been too cautious to fully exercise it," the Forbes list said.
The top five remain the same as 2013 - Chinese President Xi Jinping ranked third, Pope Francis ranked fourth and the world's most powerful woman German Chancellor Angela Merkel ranked fifth.
US Federal Reserve chief Janet Yellen moved into into sixth position, followed by Bill Gates and European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi.
UK Prime Minister David Cameron slid up to number 10.
The most powerful people in business are Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin, both ranked nine.
The Forbes list of the 'World's 72 Most Powerful People' who "rule the world" features 17 heads of state who run nations with a combined gross domestic product (GDP) of about US $48 trillion.
The list features 39 CEOs and chairs who control over US $3.6 trillion in annual revenues. Among the corporate honchos are 14 founders, including the newcomer billionaires to the list, Alibaba's Ma and Tencent's Ma Huateng.
Forbes said for the first time, two women, Merkel and Yellen, reach the top 10.
In 2014 nine women made it on the list, representing 12 per cent of the world's most powerful - in stark contrast to being 50 per cent of the world's population.
While the same number as 2013, the inaugural list from 2009 included only three women leaders.
Alexey Miller, CEO of Russian gas giant Gazprom, makes a return appearance after dropping of the list in years past.
The list also includes French President Francois Hollande (17), Iran's Grand Ayatollah Ali Hoseini-Khamenei (19), Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg (22), Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu (26), Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein (27), UN Secretray Geberal Ban Ki-moon (40), forner US President Bill Clinton (44), North Lorean leader Kim Jong-un (49) and Japanese leader Shinzo Abe (63).
(PTI)

You Won t Believe What Hummingbirds Do With Those Beaksreddit
Hummingbirds may look cute with their colorful plumage and those long, delicate beaks. But don't be fooled: a new study shows that male hummingbirds use those sharp beaks like swords , viciously stabbing rivals in the throat to keep them away from their ladies (see video above).
That makes the hummingbird the first bird known to use its bill as a weapon. What's more, the finding has ornithologists rethinking ideas about the evolution of the tiny birds.
"Historically, bird beaks have been the prime example of adaptation through natural selection, such as in the textbook example of Darwin’s finches,” lead author Dr. Alejandro Rico-Guevara, a research associate in the department of ecology and evolutionary biology at the University of Connecticut in Storrs, said in a written statement. “But we show here the first evidence that bills are also being shaped by sexual selection through male-male combat .”
For their research, Rico-Guevara and a colleague went to Costa Rica and spent four years studying long-billed hermits , a species of tropical hummingbird native to Central and South America. The researchers measured the length and sharpness of the beaks of both young and adult birds, and observed the birds in their natural habitat.
The researchers found that adult male birds had the longest, sharpest beaks and that the birds put them to use in "jousting" with rivals as part of a courtship ritual. And--no surprise here--the guys with the baddest beaks came out on top.
The findings suggest that the male birds' beak shape evolved in response to the birds' competition for mates. Previous theories held that the birds' beaks were an adaptation that allowed them to sip nectar from flowers. But now the evidence seems to suggest that the flowers evolved in response to the birds' long beaks.

Measured and precise  Tendulkar fields questionsUpdated: November 6, 2014 01:12 IST
Measured and precise, Tendulkar fields questions
Vijay Lokapally
Photo: Vivek Bendre THE MAGNIFICENT FOUR: Rahul Dravid, Sourav Ganguly and V.V.S. Laxman join in on the fun at the book release of Sachin Tendulkar's autobiography. — Photo: Vivek Bendre
TOPICS
cricket
Sachin Tendulkar’s autobiography Playing It My Way was released at a glittering function here on Wednesday. He relived the journey through Sunil Gavaskar, Dilip Vengsarkar, Ravi Shastri and coach Vasu Paranjpe who recalled the moment they first laid eyes on him. Also joining him on stage were Rahul Dravid, V.V.S. Laxman and Sourav Ganguly.
In a poignant moment Tendulkar and daughter Sara presented a copy to his coach Ramakant Achrekar.
Earlier on Tuesday evening, during an interaction with a select group of scribes, Tendulkar held centre stage, attired nattily in a suit, in a throwback to the days when he was at ease with the media. He had seen the scribes in that room — some from his debut tour of Pakistan in 1989 — long enough to share his opinions frankly, at times throwing the question back.
This was a different Sachin Tendulkar, promoting his book — ‘my book’ as he insisted through the evening — showing the maturity and assurance that marked his cricket spanning 24 years.
It is well known he can recall little incidents from his cricket life as if they had occurred only yesterday. But there were moments when he would think hard before presenting his side of the version, his words measured and precise.
Literary background
Why this book now? “I come from a literary family background, my father has written, my eldest brother and Ajit also have written.
“I thought this is a good opportunity and for whatever I have been through in my life I wouldn’t settle for anything else. I thoroughly enjoyed whatever has come in my life and I thank God for it.
“I just wanted to share that with everyone. It is impossible to share each and everything that has happened in my life but whatever has happened as long as there has been an honest and sincere effort in sharing my thoughts that is what matters. So I just wanted to play it my way.”
 He asserted the book was an accurate account of his cricket and life. Like the issue of quitting captaincy. “It had started affecting me as a person. And every defeat that I faced or experienced really hurt me on and off the field.
“Also when I was back with my family I couldn’t switch over, I would be constantly thinking about it. It started disturbing me and affecting me personally. So I felt that if I could contribute as a player and give suggestions to the next captain, as far as I concerned if I am not the captain it does not mean that cricket is taken away from me.”
Lesson learnt
Sachin also spoke of his association with the media. “I remember the first time my name appeared in a newspaper, my score was 24. One of the guys, who brought up the score sheet and gave it to all the newspapers, told me ‘if you add six more runs and take your score to 30 your name will appear in the newspapers.’
“It was the first game in my life. So I told him ‘if you think that is fine then do it’ and he did that.
“But my Sir [Achrekar] caught me. It was a big lesson in life. Sir told me ‘if you wish to see your name in the newspaper then you better score runs. Do it on your strength.”
“Disappointed” with some ‘close’ defeats under his captaincy Sachin was also disappointing with his assessment. “No, I mean the guys fail and who doesn’t fail in life, everyone fails. It would be unfair to just pinpoint someone and say that he was under-performing, didn’t try his best, I can’t. I have played the sport for 24 years and failures do happen.”
A question on the 1997 Barbados Test was inevitable. The defeat was shattering. “It hurts. It is possibly one of those matches right at the top. I remember having sleepless nights. I cried, I didn’t cry in front of everyone. I did cry, it was just that outburst inside me and I let it go. It was really, really bad. I was shocked.”
Not known to express his anger, he did not hold back when he spoke about Ian Chappell. “I don’t think much about him. He has got nothing do with Indian cricket. Sometimes I feel people are given too much importance.
“The guy asking me to stand in front of the mirror has possibly failed more times so it is an opinion and I didn’t want to respond to that and fortunately by God’s grace my bat did that.
“When I met him in Durban in 2010 when working out in the gym he said ‘this is the secret of your success’ and I said ‘you have conveniently changed sides’ and I have put that in my book.”
Finally the retirement! “I wanted that to happen once in my life, to play my last game. I discussed at home and I said I just want to walk off the field once in my life and not do it every now and then so people get confused, whether it was the ODI or Test retirement. I just wanted to do it once in life and I am glad it worked out the way I wanted it to.”

Gas deficit to continue on unimpressive policyGas deficit to continue on unimpressive new policy; Report
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 16:19 IST
India's natural gas deficit and its reliance on imports will continue as the just announced gas pricing policy with its low rates and lack of roadmap to free pricing may not revitalise near stagnant exploration and production, a research report said on Thursday.
Existing gas discoveries in deepsea areas of Bay of Bengal are not viable at the new gas price of $5.61 per million British thermal unit, which is just 33 per cent higher than old rate of $4.2, it added.
"The new gas pricing policy is unlikely to revitalise Indian exploration and production (E&P)," Kuala Lumpur-based CIMB Group said in its report on India's oil and gas scenario.
Besides, raising price of gas from existing fields, the government had also on October 18 announced that a yet-to-be- determined premium will be paid for new discoveries in deepwater and difficult projects.
"The exclusion of existing deepwater fields from premium pricing may hamper the production prospects of some key Krishna Godavari basin blocks. The lack of a roadmap to free gas pricing, possibility of internal rate of return (IRR)-based application of pricing premium and Government of India's differentiation between reasonable and windfall profits (perhaps erroneous) may fail to boost exploration," it said.
Stating that existing deepwater gas discoveries, mostly in the KG basin, are not viable at the new gas price of $5.61, CIMB Group said, "the denial of premium pricing to the existing discovered fields may have rendered the development of these fields uncertain."
In the past, the absence of commercially viable gas prices had not only discouraged high-risk new exploration activity but also hindered the development of some of the existing discoveries, such as the satellite fields in the Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 block.
"Building a 3 per cent natural decline rate to the existing production of 88 million standard cubic meters per day, we estimate that India's total gas production, including the new gas discoveries, can reach about 154-155 mmscmd by 2020-21-still unlikely to surpass the previous peak of 155 mmscmd achieved in March 2010," CIMB said.
It said its "study indicates that India's gas deficit is unlikely to improve over the next 5-6 years implying that reliance on (imported) liquefied natural gas (LNG) is unlikely to abate."
In the nine New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) rounds since 1999, 131 discoveries have been reported in 41 blocks, 86 (2/3rd) of which are gas discoveries that will require higher gas prices and greater scale of operations to be viable, it said.
CIMB said 15 years since the launch of the NELP, under which 254 blocks or areas were awarded to firms like RIL and ONGC for exploring and producing oil and gas, just one block is materially producing and only 9 others have substantial production prospects.
As many as 133 blocks have already been relinquished.
"While NELP started on a positive note with three big discoveries in the very first round, things have since dried up," it said, adding that block data suggests India's geology is at best moderate, if not poor.
"That said, India's rather indifferent policy environment has compounded the geological problems and driven away both global and Indian private players.
"The lack of marketing freedom (especially for gas), excessive government oversight, bureaucratic delays and government's focus on its revenue maximisation at the cost of exploration maximisation are the key reasons behind the modest returns from NELP," it said.
Besides low formulaic gas pricing ($5.6) and lack of roadmap to free pricing in the new policy, government's failure to recognise high failure rates in E&P in assessing "reasonable profits" may fail to boost exploration, the report added.

Lenovo launches Vibe X2 smartphone for Rs 19 999Lenovo launches Vibe X2 smartphone for Rs 19,999
PTI
Will be available exclusively through Flipkart from November 10.
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Chinese tech giant Lenovo today unveiled its new ‘layered’ smartphone — Vibe X2 — priced at Rs 19,999 in the country.
It will be available exclusively through eCommerce major Flipkart from November 10.
With a five-inch display, the smartphone has Android KitKat operating system, 13 MP rear camera and 5MP front camera and 2,300 mAh battery.
“Lenovo is innovating in the PC+ era focussing on smartphone growth opportunities. India is a prominent growth market for us,” Lenovo Group Vice President AP Sales Head, JD Howard said here.
The device comes with a unique feature to allow users to click pictures by double tapping on their devices in sleep mode.
Lenovo has recently completed the acquisition of US-based Motorola for $2.9 billion. While the company will continue with Motorola brand in the US, it will have both Lenovo and Motorola devices in emerging markets like India.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

PM Narendra Modi can t just tweet  needs to talk too: Aruna RoyBilateral trade, defence and hydrocarbons also on agenda
Criticising Narendra Modi as a Prime Minister, who only “tweets” rather than talking to the people, social activist Aruna Roy today said there appeared to be “more rhetoric but very little action” on his part.
Rejecting the criticism, Union Minister Piyush Goyal, however, said the Prime Minister speaks his heart out and expressed confidence about his abilities to deliver.
“While Modi has been using social media to communicate with the people, the conversation has gone only in one direction. He is there as a representative of all of us. But he can’t just tweet to us. He can’t just have an email address. He has to talk to us,” Roy said.
Roy, Founder of Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathana and formerly a member of National Advisory Council, however, said it was an opaque government and “we don’t know what is happening. He has to speak to us and not just tweet to us”.
“I have great faith in people of India… we need systemic changes. Democracy is working in some states, but people are rethinking… The Indian society is divided and you are living the life like an ostrich,” she added.
Roy said there was “the other India that is unhappy and distressed by a whole spate of promises that have not been fulfilled”.
Expressing concern that “Modi is not moving fast enough”, she said there was “more rhetoric but very little action and, in some cases, they are going backwards”.
“We don’t know what the government is doing. It is an opaque government. We don’t have a roadmap,” she said, while speaking at a session on ‘A New India: Free, Fair and Prosperous’ during India Economic Summit, organised by WEF and CII.
Speaking at the same session, Goyal, Minister of State for Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy, said the Prime Minister talks and “he is not a Prime Minister who only talks”.
“The Prime Minister is aware that the whole world is watching and assessing his performance… He will ensure that there is development for all,” Goyal said further, after Roy raised concerns during the summit here that India under the Modi government remains “divided”.
“He does not want to segregate society. Rather than giving lip service, he is on the ground working for justice for all. After years of deprivation, this is a process that won’t happen in a month,” Goyal said.
“He (Modi) has given more interviews than the previous Prime Minister in ten years… You have seen him speak his heart out. He is not the one who is inundated by criticism.
“He is not the one who is looking at pessimistic world. He is an optimist, he is a person who believes in his abilities to perform, and one who is confident on his abilities to deliver.”
The minister also said that the present government is more accessible, but the “sad part of India and India’s development story is that it is only driven by what is happening in the media”.
“This government believes it has to work and deliver to the people. I think what Modi reflects and he is categorical about it is that we want development for all… He does not want to segregate the society.
“I think what Mahatma Gandhi stood for is what he is implementing rather than just paying lip service. He is actually on the ground and is bringing that uniformity in society and justice for all and appeasement for none,” he added.
Participating in the discussion, Bharti Group chief Sunil Mittal said he has “never seen more hard working government”.
“He (Modi) may not wear a skull cap or wear a particular shawl around his neck and that has been done for 67 years and where are we today. He is even-handed,” Mittal added.
Promising better days ahead for the businesses as well as the poor of this country, Goyal said, “We have inherited this Companies Act because it was not passed by the current government nor framed by this government… There could be changes in the rules.”
Goyal said that the country was looking for jobs and a better economic scenario.
“Massive corruption and economic situation deterioration that happened in the past 5-6 years has caused the interest rate to become completely unaffordable. Most infrastructure projects today are stuck because of very high interest rates.
“I think with better management of the economy and softening of interest rates would be one important way of bringing infrastructure back on track. The second is parity between public and private sectors.
“I think this government is more pro-poor… This concept of revenue foregone is a completely erroneous concept. Investor confidence is at an all-time high. The government believes there is no contradiction between being pro-business and pro-poor. When business succeeds, we will improve the lives of the people,”
TAGS: Aruna Roy Narendra Modi Piyush Goyal
More from economy
FIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows The role of the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), a vestige of India’s intractable bureaucracy, has been reduced...

ITC Likely to Set Up Food Processing Park in TelanganaYou are here: Home Corporates
ITC Likely to Set Up Food Processing Park in Telangana
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 19:43 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Hyderabad: ITC Limited has shown interest in setting up a food processing park in Telangana, state IT Minister K T Rama Rao said here on Thursday.
He said the government has cleared a proposal by the hotel division of the multi-business conglomerate for setting up a five-star hotel in Madhapur area, the IT hub of the state capital.
"They (ITC) have approached us with a proposal for setting up a food processing park. We suggest them to set it up at Gajwel as it is nearer to the state capital and more apt," Mr Rao told reporters on the sidelines of a national conference on packaging.
The minister, however, did not disclose the investment proposal by ITC, saying that talks are still in preliminary stages.
He further said that ITC Group would be pumping in around Rs 700 crore for the proposed hotel.
He said the government has already received proposals for expansion of ITC's existing paper plant at Bhadrachalam with an investment of Rs 3,000 crore.
Earlier, speaking at the two-day 'National Summit on Packaging for Tomorrow', Mr Rao said his government is keen to work with corporates in waste management and recycling.
In his address, Dr Reddy's Laboratories chairman K Satish Reddy said packaging innovations in the pharmaceutical industry should be patient-friendly.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 15:39 (IST)

Andhra Pradesh to set up petrochemicals corridor  automobile hub: N Chandrababu NaiduBilateral trade, defence and hydrocarbons also on agenda
Exuding confidence on making Andhra Pradesh the most favourable investment destination, Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu today said the government is “confident” of setting up a petrochemical corridor, electronic hardware manufacturing and automobile hub in the state.
“We will build again. Everything will come as there is lot of opportunity here (in Andhra Pradesh). We will make it the most favourable investment destination,” Naidu told PTI on the sidelines of the India Economic Summit here.
In June this year, Naidu took oath as the first chief minister of Andhra Pradesh after the state was bifurcated to create Telangana.
When asked how he planned to bring investment in the industrial sector in the state post-bifurcation as many IT industries near Hyderabad have gone into Telengana, he said the government is confident of building the state’s industrial fortunes again.
“I’m confident that not only IT, but also electronic hardware manufacturing, automobile, agro-processing, petrochemicals hub and pharma will come. Everything will come,” he added.
Speaking at a session earlier, Naidu — who took back the reins of the Southern state after a gap of 10 years — said that the government will ensure 24/7 power, water and fast clearances.
Besides, the Chief Minister laid out ambitious plans to make the state a favourable investment opportunity.
“Andhra Pradesh has a 1,000 km coastline, no other state has such a large coastline. On the east cost we have 4 ports and we are going to develop another 10 ports. Ultimately we want to make Andhra Pradesh a port hub and a gateway for India,” he added.
On the issue of power, Naidu said the government will provide 24/7 cost effective power to the industries with dedicated feeder line for big industries.
“In the last 5 months I have increased the power efficiency from 65 per cent to 85-90 per cent. We are now looking at providing 24/7 cost effective power,” he said.
Naidu said that if the documents provided by the interested entrepreneur or company are correct and in order, the state government will clear the proposal in 30 days.
TAGS: IT Industries Petrochemical Corrido Telangana Government
More from economy
FIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows The role of the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), a vestige of India’s intractable bureaucracy, has been reduced...

Facebook helps you join fight against EbolaCrossing the line: Mamata takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language use.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Beyond antibiotics: A new weapon against superbugs shows promiseBy Ariana Eunjung Cha November 6 Follow @arianaeunjung
Over the past decade, the problem of deadly, drug-resistant superbugs has become a global crisis, outpacing new countermeasures and threatening to bring patient care back to beginning of the 20th century. These bugs are now responsible for 23,000 deaths and 2 million illnesses a year in the United States alone. Last year, Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron warned of the possibility of a coming medical "dark age."
There is finally some hope that we'll be able to stop the infections before things get worse.
MRSA or methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus. (CDC)
Scientists from a Dutch biotech company called Micreos reported Wednesday at a conference on antibiotics alternatives that a new type of treatment had been effective at curing five out of six patients whose skin had been infected with MRSA or methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus -- one of the scariest bugs around because it appears to shrug off even the most powerful antibiotics available. The initial trial was small and limited to those with eczema, contact dermatitis and other skin infections but the company said it is beginning clinical trials for other types of infections.
Antibiotics work by getting inside bacteria, but in recent years many bacteria that cause common illnesses such as tuberculosis or salmonella have mutated to have thicker membranes that stop the medicine from getting inside.
The new drug -- which the company has dubbed Staphefket -- works from the outside by latching on to the outer cell wall of bacteria. It uses an enzyme known as endolysins to degrade the wall and thereby kill the bacteria. Scientists theorize that bacteria will be less able to evolve to protect themselves against this type of attack because endolysins tend to evolve with their hosts. They are also believed to have another advantage over antibiotics: They can be targeted to only kill specific types of bacteria while antibiotics tend to kill a whole spectrum of them -- both good and bad for the body.
Micreos said in May that it had tested the drug against 36 strains of bacteria, eight of them MRSA.
The President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology in September issued a long-awaited report on the matter warning that antibiotic resistance threatens to undue all the progress we've made in the past century in terms of controlling infectious diseases.
Read more:

Rosberg s last chance to keep title hopes aliveHamilton has a 24-point lead and would clinch the title with consecutive second-place finishes or by coming third in Brazil and a second in Abu Dhabi. (Source: Reuters)
By: Associated Press | Sao Paulo | Posted: November 6, 2014 10:06 pm
The duel for the Formula One title arrives in Brazil with Mercedes teammates Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg fighting to get into good position ahead of the season-ending race in Abu Dhabi later this month.
Rosberg needs to win in Brazil on Sunday to have a real shot at his first title. Hamilton just needs to stay close to his teammate to close in on his second driver’s title.
The championship can’t be decided at Interlagos this weekend because the race in Abu Dhabi will be worth double points, but the result in Sao Paulo will determine how the title fight will be set up for the finale.
Hamilton has a 24-point lead and would clinch the title with consecutive second-place finishes or by coming third in Brazil and a second in Abu Dhabi. Rosberg will need to be nearly perfect in both races to keep his hopes alive.
“It’s clear that I need to rely on something happening,” Rosberg said. “For sure it’s not enough for me to win, unfortunately, but that’s the way it is. In sports, so much can happen, so I’m still very optimistic.”
Hamilton has been on a remarkable run in the final part of the season, winning five straight races to open up a big lead going into the decisive races. He started behind Rosberg in two of the last three races but was still able to overcome his teammate and finish with the victory.
“It’s been quite a phenomenal season,” Hamilton said. “This year, for sure, has been the best year of my career. I feel like I’ve grown as a driver.”
The 29-year-old Rosberg led the drivers’ standings early in the season but failed to keep up with Hamilton in the later part. He hasn’t won since the German GP at home in July, eight races ago. He stayed within range of his teammate by finishing second in five of the last six races.
The start of Rosberg’s struggles began almost at the same time as his relationship with Hamilton deteriorated following contact between them at the Belgian GP. The 29-year-old British driver was angry about being taken out by his teammate and Rosberg was also criticized by team officials.
“I don’t think anything has changed,” Rosberg said. “It was an intense battle before and it still is an intense battle now. I don’t know his exact opinion on things, but for me nothing has changed since then.
“Lewis has done a little bit of a better job since then. That’s it, pretty simple,” Rosberg added. “But as I say, still two races (left).”
The title race remains undecided in great part because of the rule change continued…

Shackled for three days  3 kids flee from madarsaShackled for three days, 3 kids flee from madarsa
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Aligarh, November 06, 2014
First Published: 21:05 IST(6/11/2014) | Last Updated: 23:54 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
In a shocking incident, three boys allegedly escaped from a madarsa after they were assaulted by a teacher and kept chained for three days as punishment for a misdemeanor. The police have handed over the children to their parents, who have refused to file an FIR, saying that the children must “bear some tough treatment to get educated.”
Sameer and Umar, both aged 12, and 10-year-old Abu Qamar. (HT Photo)
According to reports, Sameer and Umar, both aged 12, and 10-year-old Abu Qamar-- all students of Faizul Quran madarsa in Rite village— were found hiding in a sugarcane field in neighbouring Nandpur village on Thursday morning. The farmer Manveer, who found the boys, said two of the boys were bound to each other by padlocked steel chains. The children told him that they had managed to escape from the madarsa on Wednesday night after they were kept shackled for three days by madarsa teacher Qari Huzaifa who had also assaulted them.
Manveer informed the police, following which Lodha station officer Amit Yadav reached the site and took the children to the police station. He called in madarsa manager Shan Mohammad, who told police that he had received information about the escape of three children but did not know anything about the chaining or assault. “If allegations against the teacher are proved, then we will take appropriate action against him,” he said.
Watch: This 10-year old was chained, tortured so he wouldn't 'escape' from Madarsa
Later, the police handed over the children to their family members, who refused to file a complaint against the madarsa or the teacher. “The children’s parents told us that they themselves gave the chain to the madarsa so that the children could be punished if they did not take education seriously,” said the SO.
Talking to HT, Zafar Khan, father of Umar and Abu Qamar, said, "I have no complaints against the madarsa or the teacher and I shall not take any action against anybody. Everybody has to bear some tough treatment to get children educated. Children must be taught a lesson if they do anything wrong."

Govt to issue clarification on FDI in constructionGovt to issue clarification on FDI in construction
Our Bureau
Developers say some confusion exists on minimum area norms
New Delhi, November 6:  
The Government will soon clarify rules guiding the recently liberalised foreign direct investment (FDI) norms in the construction development sector.
“We will issue clarification in the next two-three days,” said Amitabh Kant, Secretary, Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP), at the sidelines of the India Economic Summit organised by World Economic Forum and CII.
Although the Secretary did not elaborate on what exactly will be clarified, real estate developers say that there is some confusion on the minimum area requirement for FDI in the sector.
“We are not very clear about whether the minimum floor area requirement of 20,000 sq m refers to built up area or carpet area,” said Manoj Goyal, Director, Raheja Developers.
Built up area means total outer area while carpet area means usable area for end buyer which includes kitchen but excludes balcony. Carpet area is smaller than built-up area.
“Floor area ratio is different for different cities. Laws too vary in different States. For example, in Mumbai one can sell property based only on carpet area. There needs to be clarity on what the minimum 20,000 sq m condition would apply to,” pointed out Mudassir Zaidi, National Director – Residential, Knight Frank India.
The Government already allows 100 per cent FDI in the construction development sector. The Union Cabinet recently relaxed rules for FDI by reducing minimum floor area to 20,000 sq m from 50,000 sq m (built up area).
The minimum capital requirement for FDI projects was halved to $5 million from $10 million. In case of development of serviced plots, the condition of minimum land of 10 hectares has been removed.
Foreign investors have also been permitted to exit on completion of the project or after three years from the date of final investment, subject to development of trunk infrastructure.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

G-20 must look into e-commerce taxation issue: Suresh PrabhuSuresh Prabhu
New Delhi, November 6:  
India has circulated a paper on the issue of taxation of global companies, an issue which will be raised at the forthcoming G-20 meeting in Brisbane later this month.
Briefing newspersons on the meeting, Suresh Prabhu, the ‘Sherpa’ for Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the G-20 meeting, said that a view on profit shifting had not been firmed up as yet by anyone. Sherpa is a senior official responsible for preparing the agenda for leaders attending the summit.
Pointing out that the principles for base erosion and profit shifting have been laid down and have been more or less agreed to between countries, Prabhu said there was a need to go beyond this and look at the possibility of transactions taking place in e-commerce.
“E-commerce happens in one country, the person who manages the logistics could be in another country, the manufacturer of the product sold through this process could be in yet another country while the consumer could be in a different country.
“So where do you tax such a transaction? It is issues like this which really need a global consensus. That is why we talk about global governance issues,” he said.
Sharing info
Prabhu also pointed out that there should be automatic sharing of information on taxes for which a proper database or a proper information platform is required.
India will also raise the issue of reducing the cost of sending remittances at the global meeting. Suresh pointed out that Saudi Arabia has agreed to reduce the amount charged from a person remitting foreign exchange to India to 3.5 per cent. “This will benefit our poor workers immensely. This will also mean that more money will come into India’s external account,” he said.
At the summit, which is to be held on November 15-16, India will also flag the issue of development of infrastructure, energy and environment apart from other social issues which ensure that not only does global GDP grow but which also lead to more jobs.
“India is in the forefront of saying that we should have a dialogue on the gas market. India has a big stake in this as we do not produce enough for the requirements of the country,” he said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

How Many Rats Does New York City Havereddit
Here's one study rat haters will love.
The new study shows that--contrary to an urban legend dating back more than a century-- New York City does not have as many rats as people . Instead, it says there are no more than two million rats in the Big Apple, which is home to 8 million humans.
"While the rat population remains a serious problem in New York City, there appears to be no evidence supporting the 8 million number," Jonathan Auerbach, a Ph.D. candidate in the statistics department at Columbia University and the author of the new study, said in a written statement.
Auerbach said the one-rat-per-person hypothesis originated in The Rat Problem, a 1909 book by W. R. Boelter.
For the study, Auerbach classified rat sightings by parcels of land in the city . There are about 842,000 of these lots, he said, roughly 40,500 of which are inhabited by rats. Auerbach assumed that each rat-infested lot is home to a single colony, and that about 50 rats belong to a typical colony.
Do the math, et voila. Each moment you spend in the Big Apple, you're surrounded by only about two million rats.
Feel better now?
No matter what you think of rats, two million may be two million too many--especially since rats and other rodents pose a public health problem. Rodents can spread plague and other different diseases . And ticks and other parasites that feed on rodents can spread more diseases, including Lyme Disease and West Nile Virus.
An article describing Auerbach's research was published in the Oct. 2014 issue of the statistics magazine Significance .
Also on HuffPost:

Cargo traffic up 4.6 % in major portsUpdated: November 6, 2014 23:46 IST
Cargo traffic up 4.6 % in major ports
N. Anand
waterway and maritime transport
Barring New Mangalore Port Trust and Haldia Dock Complex, all the major seaports in the country registered a positive growth in traffic volume from April to October 2014.
The country as a whole recorded a 24 per cent dip in iron ore volume and 2.77 per cent in coking coal. There was no change in petroleum, oil and lubricant traffic at 109.85 million tonnes (MT). Major gainers were raw fertilizers and other cargoes.
Compared with the previous year’s volume, 12 major ports handled 336.04 MT of cargoes against 321.13 MT in the previous year, marking an increase of 4.64 per cent. Mormugao Port led the pack with 20.46 per cent growth, followed by Kamarajar Port (16.08 per cent). The remaining ports posted growth in single-digit.
Kandla Port handled 54.70 MT of cargo, followed by Paradip (41.40 MT), JNPT (37.52 MT), Mumbai (35.28 MT) and Visakhapatnam (34.27 MT).
New Mangalore and Haldia Dock volumes came down due to a dip in POL and iron ore. Chennai Port handled huge volume of iron ore, fertilizers, break bulk and containers. But it fell short of last year’s volume in POL, thus leading to a marginal growth of 2.84 per cent over the corresponding period last year.

Ranbaxy loses exclusivity for generic antiviral drugUpdated: November 6, 2014 23:38 IST
Ranbaxy loses exclusivity for generic antiviral drug
Reuters
medicine
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has revoked a tentative approval for Ranbaxy Laboratories to make a cheap copy of AstraZeneca’s heartburn drug Nexium, after its Indian plants were banned over quality control issues.
The FDA has also stripped Ranbaxy of tentative approval and six-month exclusivity for a copy of Roche’s antiviral Valcyte, a fresh blow to the Indian company that has been hit by a raft of regulatory bans over poor production quality.
The U.S. regulator has banned all of Ranbaxy’s India-based plants under a wider scrutiny of the country’s $15 billion pharmaceutical industry, which is the largest supplier of generic medicines to the United States. Ranbaxy was the first company to receive tentative approvals to launch the cheaper copies of the two drugs in 2008, making it eligible to exclusively market the medicines for six months — a huge revenue generating opportunity.
The launch of Nexium and Valcyte generics had been awaiting final approval from the FDA. That was delayed as Ranbaxy struggled to resolve quality control issues at its drug manufacturing plants.
Ranbaxy said in a statement on Thursday that the FDA informed the company that the regulator’s original decisions granting tentative approval were “in error because of the compliance status of the facilities’’ mentioned in the applications. The FDA also told the Indian drugmaker there were no ‘data integrity issues’ related to the company’s filings for the two drugs, Ranbaxy said. The company did not elaborate and a spokesman did not respond to a mail seeking comment. “Ranbaxy is disappointed with this development and is actively evaluating all available options to preserve its rights,” the company said.

Scouting for investments: SoftBank invites Urban Ladder  Yepme  Swipe to TokyoScouting for investments in internet ventures: SoftBank invites Urban Ladder, Yepme and Swipe to Tokyo
By Aditi Shrivastava , ET Bureau | 7 Nov, 2014, 07.04AM IST
0
Share More
Urban Ladder, Yepme and Swipe were among 15 companies that met with SoftBank chairman during his visit to India last month.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BENGALURU: Japan's SoftBank has invited three Indian startups to travel to Tokyo later this month to continue negotiations that could lead to a round of funding, said three people directly aware of the developments. Online furniture retailer Urban Ladder , fashion portal Yepme and low-cost tablet maker Swipe were among 15 companies that met with SoftBank chairman Masayoshi Son and vice chairman Nikesh Arora during their visit to India last month.
"These three companies have been chosen to visit Tokyo for the next round of negotiations," said a source, adding that no firm dates have been set for the proposed meeting. SoftBank declined to comment. Son, who last month had said his group would invest up to $10 billion (Rs 61,000 crore) in Indian companies in the next few years, appears to be moving swiftly. During their time in India, Son and Arora announced two investments -$627 million in online marketplace Snapdeal and leading a funding round of $210 million in taxi services aggregator Ola.
"SoftBank has been focused on fast-growing sectors and has chosen to go global, which is smart and allows them to deploy lots of capital while not dramatically increasing risk," said Kartik Hosanagar, professor of ecommerce at The Wharton School. "A calculated approach and sector experience helps a lot." Son and Arora met several entrepreneurs from a number of sectors including technology, ecommerce and telecom. "The difference between India and advanced countries won't be that much when it comes to technology platforms.
It is a great opportunity here," Son told ETin an interview during his visit. The Japanese conglomerate, which is estimated to have booked a gain of $5 billion from the listing of Chinese ecommerce giant Alibaba where it holds stake worth more than $70 billion, is actively scouting for investments in Asian internet ventures.
Bangalore-based Urban Ladder, set up in 2012, has until now raised $27 million from Hong Kong based hedge fund Steadview Capital, SAIF Partners and Kalaari Capital , the last round coming as recently as in July. "We are not looking out for funding actively for the next one year, but the kind of value Masa and Nikesh bring to the table is a crazy influence for any entrepreneur," said Rajiv Srivatsa, cofounder of Urban Ladder. He declined to confirm that his company had been invited to Tokyo by SoftBank.
Yepme which sells apparel, watches, spectacles, footwear and follows the fast-fashion model where the process from design to sale takes less than six weeks, has so far raised about $ 20 million of venture funding. Apart from the two online retail companies, SoftBank has also chosen to invite a low-cost tablet maker Swipe that founded by nano-technologist Shripal Gandhi. In April Pune-based Swipe received about Rs 30 crore in funding from Kalaari.
Swipe is growing at a pace of 300% and plans to raise its next round of investment in the next six to 12 months. This financial year the company is eyeing revenue of Rs 300 crore. Executives at both Swipe and Yepme declined to comment.

Kolkata to explore Ghadar impact on BengaliliteraturePrint
Written by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata | Posted: November 7, 2014 9:16 am
Nearly 100 years ago, in February 1915, revolutionary leaders like Rash Behari Bose from Bengal and Lala Har Dayal from Punjab became the founding members of Ghadar Party to gain Independence from the British rule.
Besides being instrumental in India’s struggle for freedom, the Ghadar Revolution had a major impact on Punjabi literature in the following years. While Punjab has regularly held seminars celebrating the movement and its impact on the Punjabi literature scene, Kolkata has woken up only now to follow suit.
On November 22, as many as 11 scholars from Punjab and Delhi will arrive in Kolkata to attend the two-day seminar — ‘Ghadar Movement and Punjabi literature’ — to be organised by Sahitya Academy in collaboration with Punjabi Sahit Sabha, Kolkata.
The seminar also aims at commemorating the landing of the ship Komagata Maru at Budge Budge in Kolkata on September 27, 1914.
“Never had so many scholars from Punjab gathered in Kolkata before to speak about something that bonds the two states. We are really looking forward to an exciting interaction,” Manjit Kaur Bhatia, convenor of Sahitya Academy, told The Indian Express.
“Both Punjab and Bengal had immense contribution to the country’s freedom movement but were also the worst-affected states by the Partition. And, it is people from these two states — Lala Har Dayal, Sohan Singh Bhakna, Rash Behari Bose and Sachin Sanyal — who founded the Ghadar Movement. This is also why we want to organise a seminar in Kolkata,” Rawel Singh, convenor, Punjabi Advisory Board, Sahitya Academy, Delhi, said.
The visiting scholars and litterateurs include Sawraj Vir, Jaspal Singh, Tarlochan Singh (former chairman of National Commission for Minorities), among others.  From Kolkata, scholars and writers like Mohan Kahlon, Jagmohan Singh Gill and Himadri Banerjee will speak on the movement and its impact on Punjabi and also on Bengali literature.
“Although the seminar is largely on the movement’s impact on Punjabi literature, I will try to speak about whatever impact it had on Bengali literature,” Gill, general secretary of Punjabi Sahit Sabha, Kolkata, said.

A month on  NIA yet to confirm second victimsidentityPrint
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 7, 2014 9:07 am
More than a month after an accidental explosion killed two persons in Khagragarh, in the process blowing the lid off of a flourishing bomb industry in West Bengal’s Burdwan district, the police are yet to confirm the identity of one of victims.
In his dying statement, the victim had given his name as Subhan Mondal, a resident of East Midnapaore district. However, police could not find the village Mondal claimed to have hailed from.
One of the two persons, other being Shakeel Ahmed who too died in the blast, assigned with the task of assembling bombs at the Khagragarh house, Mondal, the National Investigation Agency sleuths believe, was a resident of Bangladesh. His actual identity has remained a missing link in the investigations into the October 2 blast.
According to sources, the two women arrested in connection with the case, Alima Bibi, wife of Abdul Hakim, the suspected terrorist who survived the Khagragarh blast, Razia Bibi, wife of Shakeel Ahmed, could not tell the investigators about Mondal’s actual identity. Razia Bibi reportedly claimed that Mondal was known only to her husband who used to introduce him as a “business partner”.
The NIA has now opted for Mondal’s DNA profiling to establish his identity. A Central Forensic Science Laboratory team recently visited the police morgue in Burdwan and collected samples from Mondal’s teeth, hair and nails for for DNA testing. An NIA team scheduled to visit Bangladesh next week would hand over the DNA profile to that country’s police for matching it with the criminal data base there.
A CFSL team that had recently visited a wok factory where Hakim used to work, failed to find any significant clues. The NIA, meanwhile, has detained one Seesh Mohammad from Jamshedpur who is suspected to have links with the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh.

Visionless SP govt copying my schemes  saysMayawatiPrint
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: November 7, 2014 9:00 am
BSP chief Mayawati on Thursday said the Samajwadi Party government lacks “vision” and accused it of first scrapping the schemes launched by her and then relaunching them with changed names.
In a statement, the former UP chief minister said the scheme, Mahamaya Garib Arthik Madad Yojana, meant to help families of below poverty line (BPL) by depositing six months’ assistance money in a lump sum in their bank accounts, was started by her government on January 15, 2010 but the SP government, on coming to power, scrapped it. “Now they have relaunched the same by naming it Samajwadi Pension Scheme. This is no unique scheme as is being claimed by them but one copied from the BSP government,” she said.
Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, on Wednesday, launched the pension scheme, which, the government says, will benefit nearly four million people from the weaker sections.
Mayawati also said the Akhilesh government similarly revived the Tehsil Diwas programme after scrapping it. Under the scheme, the police and administration officers listen to people’s grievances at tehsil level.
She said the SP government is also relaunching her ambitious 8-lane Ganga Expressway project to connect Ballia with Greater Noida.
“This government changed the name of Dr Ambedkar Green Garden to Janeshwar Mishra Park out of political malice and to attract false praise. The answer will be given at the right time,” she said, and claimed that the SP government “completely lacks vision and does not have any intent to help the needy and poor by implementing these schemes”.
Blaming the ruling dispensation of being an “anti-Dalit” party, Mayawati said it has now also become “anti-Muslim” as various communal clashes and riots continue to take place under its rule.

Ill take up whatever is given: Parrikar | Sena demands one more Union Cabinet berthBJP
("All things do not have to…)
'Everything needn't be confirmed or denied, Manohar Parrikar tells ET when asked about whether he's Narendra Modi's choice as India's next defence minister. Speaking to Akshay Deshmane, Parrikar, Goa's first BJP chief minister and an IIT alumnus, also laments the lack of talent 'everywhere', including in politics. Even BJP now has fewer capable decision-makers than earlier, Parrikar says.
You have distanced yourself from speculation that you are going to be India's next defence minister. Just how vehemently do you deny it?
All things do not have to be confirmed or denied. I think people realise that there are certain things that can be discussed publicly and some things that cannot be discussed. When I was forming a government in Goa, 17 people knew the details of it but not a single rumour leaked out. Wait for two days and you will find out for yourself whether I remain in Goa or come to Delhi.
Your name for the Union cabinet has been floating ever since the Modi government was sworn in. Why is it so?
Maybe because people think I have good relations with Modi, which is true. The PM and I have known each other for many years. Both of us were party general secretaries at some point of time. Our equation strengthened when Modi was the party general secretary in charge of Goa. Also, people think Goa is relatively a small state and, having seen my work there, they may be thinking that I should join the Centre. But I am a party person and whatever role comes to me, I will take it up.
When Modi took over as PM, he had said he will work jointly with state chief ministers as a team. But now it seems he wants to bring more BJP CMs to the Centre. Why?
I think there has been deterioration in quality of people everywhere, especially the ones with a capacity to take strong decisions. It is true whether you are talking about society, political parties, Parliament or government. When I joined the BJP, there were around 20-30 people in the party who were known to be strong decisionmakers. Today, across all parties, there is a serious shortage of people who can take swift decisions. And may be I am seen as someone who takes strong decisions.
Your speculated elevation to the Union cabinet is also linked to the Defence portfolio. Much of PM's 'Make in India' plan is linked to defence production, and may be your reputation as a decision-maker is a clincher...
Manufacturing, and by implication the 'Make in India' campaign, is required for addressing the job requirements of a growing, predominantly young country like India. Even if the current policy, which mandates 30% domestic manufacturing for defence procurement, is implemented well, we can create a lot many jobs.
Your cabinet has also cleared the mining policy in Goa recently, in which the miners are being given back the leases. Why are you giving leases back to the miners instead of auctioning them?
You should realise that we can't compare coal blocks with iron ore mines. The coal blocks were allocated by the Government of India while mining leases were given by Portuguese decree years ago. I am following the MMDR Act. Also, if I choose to auction the mines the miners will go to court under section 26 or 30 of the MMDR Act, as the case may be, and further delay the opening of mines. By the time the litigation ends, in five or ten years, you can presume what will happen to the mines. My concern right now is to make the mines operational in six months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coke works on PM Modi s idea of fizzy fruit ...You are here: Home > Collections > Coca-cola
Coke takes cue from Narendra Modi’s suggestion; may launch fizzy fruit drink by next summer
Ratna Bhushan, ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 10.16AM IST
(The new drink, under wraps…)
NEW DELHI: Less than two months after Prime Minister Narendra Modi urged cola companies to add fruit juice in their fizzy drinks, Coca-Cola has already started working on such a beverage that it plans to launch by the next summer season, two people aware of the development told ET.
The new drink, under wraps still, is being developed entirely in the country, they said. "A series of variants are being researched on a priority basis. The firm is clear it wants to bring in fruit-based drinks hopefully before next season kicks in," one of them said.
A Coca-Cola spokesperson declined to comment.
The Prime Minister had urged Coca-Cola and PepsiCo to blend their aerated beverages with fruit juice sourced from local farmers on September 24 while inaugurating Future Group-managed India Food Park in Tumkur, Karnataka.
"We drink Pepsi, Coca-Cola...and I do not know how many similar beverages are available in the market. The trade runs into billions of rupees. I have asked the companies if they can blend 5% natural fruit juice in the beverages they make. I am not asking for much, if 5% of juice from fruits produced by our farmers is added, the farmer will not be forced to search for a market to sell. A single decision can ensure billions of rupees of trade," Modi had said.
Coca-Cola began work on the new beverage soon after the PM's speech, said one of the persons quoted earlier. It is not yet clear whether the upcoming beverage will be a new brand or an extension of Coca-Cola's existing flavoured aerated drinks brands such as Fanta.
It will be the US beverages giant's first fruit juice-based fizzy drink in India.
In the US and some European markets, Coca-Cola sells a caffeine-free, citrus-based, calorie-free aerated soft drink called Fresca in flavours such as black cherry and peach. It also sells Glaceau Fruitwater, a fruit-flavoured, zero-calorie sparkling water in the US - but that doesn't contain fruit juice.
While the PM had urged cola majors to add fruit juice to their drinks, an official said changing formulations of existing brands is not possible, hence Coca-Cola is working locally on a new beverage.
Indian Beverage Association, a body representing firms like Coca-Cola and PepsiCo, had said in response to the PM's advice: "The industry is constantly innovating to offer new products. Innovation and use of new farm-based ingredients will benefit a large number of farmers."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Newbie Starbucks per store sales is 3x of ri...Starbucks outshines coffee chain rivals in first full year in India
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 01.56AM IST
(Tata Starbucks generated…)
MUMBAI: Starbucks, the world's largest coffee retailer, posted nearly three times more per-store sales than established rivals in India in its first full year of operations in the country.
Tata Starbucks, a joint venture between Starbucks and Tata Global Beverages, generated total revenues of Rs 95.42 crore in the year ended March 2014, according to its annual report filed with the Registrar of Companies (RoC) on Thursday.
With 43 stores until March, a back-of-the-envelope calculation shows that each Starbucks shop sold coffee, snacks and merchandise worth over Rs 2.2 crore last fiscal, significantly higher than the per-store sales of other coffee chains.
Amalgamated Coffee Bean, which runs the country's top coffeehouse chain Cafe Coffee Day, hasn't disclosed its latest financials yet. For 2012-13 it had revenues of 1,126 crore including income from its plantations business and sales through 1,400-odd cafes. That translates into not more than 80 lakh annual sales per store.
Starbucks' per-store sales is, however, a tad lower than Jubilant Foodworks that runs over 752 Domino's Pizza outlets and Dunkin Donuts and clocked sales of Rs 1,732 crore last fiscal, which means Rs 2.3 crore per outlet on an average.
While the company didn't comment on financial details, a Tata Starbucks spokesperson said it is humbled by how Indian customers have embraced the Starbucks experience in the two years they have been in the India market. "We believe that over the long-term, India will be among the top 5 markets for Starbucks," said the spokesperson.
Starbucks currently operates 59 stores in the country and plans to close the financial year with 90 doors. Over last year, the coffee chain has more than trebled its authorised capital to 220 crore.
The company may not be able to keep up its high per-store sales as it opens stores in suburbs and towns where most consumers may find Starbucks pricey. Hence, it plans to open many stores that will nearly be three times smaller than its first few stores or half the size of average existing cafes.
"As they move from high traffic and high spends location, revenues or productivity of the stores will come down. Hence, per store sales might come down over the years once they open stores in smaller locations," said Devangshu Dutta, chief executive at retail consultancy Third Eyesight.
Profitability also remains a challenge. In FY14, Tata Starbucks' loss at Rs 51.87 crore was more than half its total sales. "They are in growth mode and will have to incur initial losses," Dutta said.
Starbucks, which opened its first India store in October 2012, had posted Rs 14.61 crore in sales for five months ended March 2013.
While its pace of expansion in India has been a record for Starbucks in its 43-year-old history, Cafe Coffee Day has been opening new outlets several times faster - the home-grown chain opened around 150 stores in the past 12 months, taking its tally to nearly 1,500 cafes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Twelve stocks in focus in Friday morning tradeYou are here: Home > Collections
Twelve stocks in focus in Friday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 7, 2014, 08.08AM IST
Tags:
DLF
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade higher in trade on Friday tracking positive trend seen in other Asian markets.
"We expect the Nifty index to witness some profit taking in the coming session due to existence of strong resistance barrier around 8400 mark. And, it would be healthy for the markets after a vertical rise from 7750 to 8350," says Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"Participants are advised to utilize any decline for fresh buying but restrict your positions to index majors and liquid midcap counters," he adds.
Here is a list of twelve stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
DLF Ltd: The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on Wednesday allowed real estate developer DLF to redeem Rs 1,806 crore invested in mutual fund schemes for servicing its loan obligations.
ONGC: The Indian government plans to sell a 5 per cent stake in energy explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp ( ONGC ) in the last week of November or the first week of December, two sources directly involved in the deal said on Wednesday.
Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd: The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has revoked a tentative approval for Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd to make a cheap copy of AstraZeneca Plc's heartburn drug Nexium, after its Indian plants were banned over quality control issues.
Tata Global Beverages Ltd: The company reported a 65.31 per cent decline in consolidated net profit at Rs 62.45 crore for the second quarter ended September 30.
IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd: The infrastructure major reported a 14 per cent increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 121.73 crore for the quarter ended September 30.
L&T Ltd: The engineering firm is expected to report 14% YoY growth in net profit to Rs 984 crore as compared to Rs 865 crore in the year-ago period, said an ET Now Poll.
Hero MotCorp Ltd: US private investment firm Bain Capital is selling $200 million worth of shares in Hero MotoCorp Ltd, with an option to sell more, according to a term sheet seen by Reuters.
Infosys Ltd: Announcing a major recruitment drive, Infosys , India's second-largest IT services exporter on Thursday said that it will be hiring over 2,100 people in US, in order to support the growth of its business.
Suzlon Ltd: Wind turbine maker Suzlon today unveiled a 120-metre high turbine, which the company claimed is the tallest in the world. The conventional turnbine is 90-metre tall.
Reliance Industries Ltd: The oil ministry may direct users of gas produced from the Reliance Industries-operated KG-D6 block to pay the old rate of $4.20 per unit to the producer and deposit $1.41 per unit in a gas pool account operated by Gail India from this month, government sources said.
Finolex Industries Ltd: The company said it will invest Rs 90 crore over three years to increase capacity of its PVC pipes and fittings plants as part of plans to cross $1 billion turnover mark in five years.
Godrej Properties Ltd: Realty major Godrej Properties reported a 36 per cent increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 46.6 crore for the quarter ended September 30, mainly on the back of lower tax outgo and minority interest payment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Navy SEAL  who shot al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden  goes publicUS Navy SEAL, who shot al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden, goes public
PTI
print
A decorated ex-Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill has been unmasked as the man who pumped three shots to the head of elusive al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden during a top-secret 2011 raid on his hideout in Pakistan.
(A picture of former US Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill, who pumped three shots into al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden. (Twitter Photo))
O'Neill, 38, is the SEAL Team Six member who fired the three shots to the head of the al Qaeda leader during the raid, according to SOFREP, a website dedicated to military news.
He grew up in Montana mining town and is now facing possible legal action for giving out the tightly held secret.
He is expected to reveal himself during a two-part Fox News TV special next week.
O'Neill was one of 23 SEALS who flew into the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad on the night of May 2, but the last to see bin Laden alive.
It had previously been unclear precisely how the terrorist leader was killed and how many servicemen had been involved in his death.
O'Neill, who is married with children, was last year interviewed by Esquire magazine, which did not publish his name. He told how he joined the army at the age of 19 as a reaction to his then-girlfriend leaving him.
His exploits have already been portrayed on the big screen in the action flicks "Zero Dark Thirty", "Captain Phillips" and "Lone Survivor."
O'Neill served more than a dozen tours of duty in active combat, including Iraq and Afghanistan, undertaking 400 separate combat missions.
For his service he has been decorated 52 times, up to the level of senior chief petty officer before he left. He was awarded two Silver Stars -- the military's third highest honour -- as well as four Bronze Stars.
It has been reported that his decision to speak out was prompted by losing some of his military benefits by quitting the SEALs after 16 years rather than completing a full 20 years of service.
Earlier, the elite US Navy SEALs were warned against betraying their promise to maintain secrecy and not speak to the media to gain "public notoriety and financial gain".
The October 31 letter from Admiral Brian Losey specifies that the warning holds even after a mission is over, and it scolds those seeking public credit.
The admonition was seemingly directed both at Matt Bissonnette -- who revealed his role in the 2011 bin Laden mission with "60 Minutes" -- and at O'Neill at the centre of the upcoming Fox News documentary.

Dow  S&P 500 Hit Records in Volatile TradingYou are here: Home Market
Dow, S&P 500 Hit Records in Volatile Trading
Reuters | Updated On: November 07, 2014 07:37 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
New York: US stocks edged up in a volatile session on Thursday, with the Dow and S&P 500 hitting fresh record closing highs on an indication that the European Central Bank would take more policy action if needed to boost a struggling euro zone economy.
Major indexes fluctuated between positive and negative territory throughout the day. Cyclical shares, ones tied to the pace of economic growth, were among the strongest. But weak results from Qualcomm pressured chipmakers.
ECB President Mario Draghi indicated support for additional measures to bolster the euro zone economy if necessary and said the ECB governing council was unanimous in its commitment to using unconventional measures.
The defensive telecom and utilities sectors were the weakest on the day, off 0.8 and 1.8 per cent, respectively. Industrial shares rose 1.1 per cent as the strongest sector of the day.
Draghi "brought more clarity but there's still more to come out, and it isn't healthy to focus on hopes for stimulus instead of fundamentals," said Michael O'Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut.
Qualcomm Inc pressured the tech sector, slumping 8.6 per cent to $70.58 a day after it said an antitrust investigation and problems collecting royalties could harm its business in China next year. Orbitz Worldwide fell 9.2 per cent to $7.70 following its results.
Genworth Financial plummeted 38.5 per cent to $8.66 in heavy trading, its biggest one-day drop since November 2008 during the financial crisis. Tom McInerney, Genworth's chief executive, said he was "very disappointed" by the results of its US life insurance division.
Whole Foods Market Inc jumped 12.2 per cent to $44.85 after its results beat expectations on Wednesday, boosted by gains in market share and new product launches. The stock notched its biggest one-day advance since May 2013.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 69.94 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 17,554.5, the S&P 500 gained 7.64 points, or 0.38 per cent, to 2,031.2 and the Nasdaq Composite added 17.75 points, or 0.38 per cent, to 4,638.47.
About 6 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, below the 7.3 billion average for the last five sessions.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 1,730 to 1,327, for a 1.30-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,557 issues rose and 1,121 fell for a 1.39-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The benchmark S&P 500 index posted 72 new 52-week highs and three new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 118 new highs and 61 new lows.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

How to get $22 000 worth of drugs and booze into Rikers Island. (Hint: Dress up as a guard.)By Mark Berman November 6 Follow @markberman
Rikers Island and the Rikers Island jail complex. (Adrees Latif/Reuters)
A person dressed as a prison guard recently visited Rikers Island carrying loads of heroin and prescription opiates. People are — theoretically, at least — not supposed to be able to bring these kinds of things inside jails. Yet this person, who was not a prison guard, was able to get these drugs, bags of marijuana, a water bottle filled with vodka and a razor blade through staff security entrances at six of the facilities on the island.
Had this person been an actual prison guard looking to make some extra money, rather than an undercover investigator for New York City, they could have made about $3,600 for bringing the stuff inside. And had these items been sold inside of Rikers, they would have fetched a total of about $22,000, according to a new report from the New York City Department of Investigations.
This report is part of what the department describes as a “comprehensive, ongoing investigation into criminal activity and civil disorder at Rikers Island.” It comes as the notorious and troubled Rikers Island and those who police it are under considerable fire for everything from the way they treat  mentally ill inmates  to misreporting data about inmate fights . Guards have been arrested for smuggling contraband into Rikers. The use of force by guards and the overall treatment of inmates have been two particularly high-profile issues for Rikers. Preet Bharara, the U.S. attorney in Manhattan, filed a report in August stating that underage inmates at Rikers were not protected from “serious physical harm from the rampant use of unnecessary and excessive force by” prison officials.
Most of the 11,400 people that fill New York City’s jails on any given day are on Rikers Island, which houses 10 jails, a bakery and its own power plant, among other things. Employees who come in through staff entrances are screened before entering, which means putting bags through X-ray machines and walking through metal detectors. In practice, though, the city’s investigation found that this didn’t really occur; guards let workers put their bags atop the X-ray machines and, even after new screening rules were announced, did not thoroughly search these employees.
Guards who have been arrested were smuggling in marijuana, tobacco, oxycodone and scalpels, according to the investigation. The guard who brought the scalpels inside, and who was paid thousands of dollars for ferrying in marijuana and tobacco, told investigators that he knew the packages he delivered held drugs, but said he didn’t know there were weapons inside. This type of delivery — one in which a person is paid a fee to bring something inside, without always knowing what that is — speaks to the larger danger authorities say can be posed by contraband, which the report said “endangers the safety” of inmates and Rikers staff alike.
That is why the city investigator, posing as a guard, walked in through the front gates of six Rikers facilities. The investigator was able to get the drugs and alcohol into all six places “without incident,” the report said. Ultimately, the report concluded, “weapons and narcotics remain readily available within Rikers Island’s jails.” Joseph Conte, commissioner of the city’s Department of Corrections, says that his department is working on some of the issues raised by the new report. No timeline has been announced, but the report urges that changes be made within six months. If security continues to be as lax as the report describes, it is unclear how many tens of thousands of dollars worth of contraband — and what types of items — could make it inside before changes are put into place.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Infosys decides to relocate within BengaluruThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

On Gurpurab  Amitabh Bachchan recalls mother recitingGurbaniOn his official Facebook page, Amitabh Bachchan reminisced his mother, a Sikh, singing the Gurbani (hymn) to him.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 7, 2014 9:49 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 11:03 am
Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan took a trip down memory lane on Gurpurab Thursday, and recalled his early days in Allahabad, his Sikh ancestry and how his mother, a Sikh, recited to him the Gurbani.
The 546th birth anniversary of the founder of Sikh religion, Guru Nanak Dev, was celebrated Thursday across India and abroad, including in neighbouring Pakistan.
On his official Facebook page, the silver screen icon reminisced his mother, a Sikh, singing the Gurbani (hymn) to him.
“Those early years in Allahabad, when Ma recited and sang the eternal pious and divine words of the Gurbani, in my ears… ‘tati vaar na jaavaee…’
“My Mother as you know, a Sikh, Teji Kaur Suri, my grandfather Sardar Khazan Singh Suri, my Grandmother a Sodi, and whose family, her brothers and my Mother’s Mama’s were the Prabandhaks of the Anantpur Sahib Gurudwara…,” Big B posted.
Amitabh arrived in Kolkata Sunday to shoot for ‘Vicky Donor’ director Shoojit Sircar’s upcoming film ‘Piku’, where he plays the father to Deepika Padukone.
The 71-year-old took to Twitter earlier Thursday to greet his fans. “Happy Gurupurb! Birth Anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev ji… 6th Nov… lakh lakh vadhaiyaan !!,” Big B tweeted.

Are Muslims joining BJP willingly or being coerced into  asks JIHchiefMaulana Syed Jalaluddin Umri addresses media, in Kolkata on Thursday. (Express photo by Subham Dutta)
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 7, 2014 9:48 am
The BJP’s recent claim that Muslims in large number are joining the party in the state and elsewhere in the country drew a sharp reaction from Jamaat-e-Islami Hind’s national president who said it needs to be looked into if they are doing so “willingly”.
Maulana Syed Jalaluddin Umri, during a press conference on Thursday, said: “Muslims across the country might be joining the BJP but it also needed to be seen if they were joining willingly or are being coerced or enticed into doing so by promises of wealth and ranks in the party.”
Umri was also critical of the attempt by the political parties to “malign the entire Muslim community” in the light of the October blast in Burdwan. “They are trying to prove that all the madrasas were training grounds for terrorists. No Muslim supports those behind the blast. The administration must look into the incident, book offenders and punish them. No Muslim will protest against that,” he said.
The blast incident, which he termed an “opportunity for the political parties”, was being “used by the communal forces to politicise the issue and create a divide between the Hindus and the Muslims”.
Umri also pointed out that while Prime Minister Narendra Modi himself may not have been too vocal about it, leaders from his party’s lower ranks “have made it clear that Hindus would get priority over the Muslims”. “We are yet to see the kind of development that Modi had promised for all.”
While acknowledging that the Trinamool Congress government in West Bengal “has tried to do something for the minority members”, many of the government’s steps, he said, “only added up to being attempts to appease the minority community”.
“As opposed to the previous CPM government which hardly gave any recognition to madrasas, this one gave recognition, although unaided, to some. But, at the same time, steps like paying honorariums to imams or giving cycles and scholarships to Muslim girls while the Hindu girls of the same school are deprived will only increase the Hindu-Muslim divide,” Umri said.
Md Nooruddin, state president of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind, said there were several irregularities at all the district minority departments.
When asked as to why no applications were submitted for recognition of madrasas, he said, “There is hardly anyone present at these offices. They are not government employees but have been hired on a contractual basis. Besides there is no system of returning a received copy to the applicant, So even if there had been applications, there is no way we can prove it,” he claimed.

Kochi to Kolkata: Kiss of love unites students  dividesteachers“Depite technological advancement, this form of protest is not acceptable here. It is part of the Western culture, not ours.”
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 7, 2014 9:43 am
The mass ‘Kiss of Love’ movement launched in Kochi and witnessing its own edition in Kolkata with over 300 students of Jadavpur and Presidency universities protesting on Wednesday against moral policing and to promote gender sensitisation, was opposed by professors of both the universities.
Hundreds of students of Jadavpur University on Wednesday had marched from the university campus till Jadavpur Police Station while shouting slogans and later breaking into hugging and kissing each other. Presidency University students too protested at the Indian Coffee House in College streets against the vandalism of BJP workers at a cafe in Kozhikode alleging immoral activities at the Indian Coffee House in College streets.
Sayantani, a PhD student who kissed her friend Suchitra to lodge her protest, said, “Time has come to protest against encroachment on our liberties and freedom of expression. I want freedom to choose whom and where to kiss. It is nobody’s business. To kiss is the highest form of protest. So we are protesting against the moral policing.”
Professor Bivas Dam, a JU professor from the Department of Eletrical Engineering strongly condemned this form of protest. “I have had a different upbringing. I am a little outdated perhaps. Not only supporting this form of protest but watching it on TV, too, is against my culture,” he said.
However, Professor Amitava Gupta of the JU Department of Power Engineering, said he supported the cause of the movement but not the form. “The incident at Kochi should not have happened. It is an invasion of privacy of a couple, but this form of protest is not acceptable. I find it silly,” he said.
Expressing doubts about the effectiveness of the movement, Professor Amit Bhattacharya of the History Department in JU said, “I had seen and supported the protest at Manipur where mothers walked the street without clothes protesting against a rape and that had a huge impact. This, I think will not even be close to that.”
Nandini Mukherjee, professor of computer science and a JUTA member said this form of protest would only attract criticism. “Protesting was fine but the students should have thought of something else. This will cause a more negative than positive impact,” she said.
Professors at the Presidency University too echoed similar emotions. Prabir Mukherjee of the Physics Department said such a protest was against Bengal’s culture. “Depite technological advancement, this form of protest is not acceptable here. It is part of the Western culture, not ours,” he said.
Students, however, maintained that they were showing their solidarity with the harrassed couple in Kochi through this form of protest. Disha Raychaudhuri, a first year English MA student, said no one should be criminalised for expressing affection in public. “It is weird how the same people continued…

CPM identifies twin dangers: BJP at Centre  TMC inBengalFormer CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharya (left) with CPI-M leader Prakash Karat in Kolkata on Thursday.
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 7, 2014 9:22 am
Ruling out any inner tussle within the party over review of political tactical line, CPI-M general secretary Prakash Karat Thursday exhorted the party cadres to unite to fight against twin dangers of the BJP government at the Centre and the TMC government in West Bengal.
“We are facing a right-wing offensive (launched by) the Centre. While the BJP is destroying the economy and giving all benefits to the corporate sector, it is also bringing in a communal divide that is dangerous for the society. They are dismantling laws like MGNREGS aimed at benefiting the poorest of the poor. They are injecting communal politics in West Bengal. And here, in West Bengal, we are facing TMC which is corrupt, criminalised and undemocratic. They brought the BJP here,” Karat said addressing the cadres at party headquarters in Kolkata.
He accepted that the party suffered major setbacks in the Lok Sabha elections, but said that instead of losing heart “we must fight ahead”.
The CPI-M General Secretary said discussions within the party was on to thrash out a political tactical line, which should be effective to meet the right wing offences.
“During the last central committee discussion, while reviewing our political tactical line, the Politburo decided that all the opinions will be discussed in the central committee. It is these discussions that has been a part of pan India media speculations and widespread campaign. The bourgeois media has misrepresented, trivialised and reduced our serious political discussions as tiffs and tussles within the the party,” Karat said.
Meanwhile, mocking Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign and calling him a ‘demagogue’, former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee said sweeping streets will not remove poverty in the country. “Our previous prime minister was said to be a person who didn’t talk much. Now we have a Prime Minister who talks too much and on each and every issue as if a demagogue is speaking. Nobody speaks so much like him (Modi),” he said.
Attacking the BJP-led government at the Centre and the rise of saffron brigade in the state, the CPI-M leader said, “He (Modi) is only busy sweeping streets and is asking everybody to do so. By sweeping the streets you can’t remove the poverty of the nation. The common people are deprived of basic amenities and services and there is no use of sweeping the streets.”
He said some media houses in West Bengal are trying to spread the idea that the political space of Left is taken by the saffron brigade. “They say Baam (Left) has given way to Ram. But we want to point out that while Ram spells tears and terror, Baam spells struggle and progress. We are against all sorts of fundamentalism,’’ Bhattacharjee said.
Bhattacharjee, however, accepted that in some places in West Bengal where the Left and CPI-M continued…

Express 5: RSS person praises Irani  gets job; PMs first gift to VaranasitodayPrint
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 9:00 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 9:49 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. Return gift
Days after he congratulated Smriti Irani on assuming charge as Human Resource Development Minister and sent her a job application with the reminder that he was an “RSS person” at whose Nagpur house she once had a “brief stay”, Vishram Jamdar was named chairman of the Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) Nagpur.
 
2. Modi’s gift
On Friday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be in Varanasi for the first time since the constituency elected him, bringing with him the first of many gifts it has been promised since he decided to contest from here. He will lay the foundation for a Trade and Crafts Felicitation Centre for weavers, a community that comprises mostly Muslims.
 
3. Sports
Rayudu took his time at the crease and with Shikhar Dhawan going steady at the other end, it allowed him to adjust to the conditions. His first 16 runs came off 30 balls but Rayudu knew that he has it in him to pull it back once he settles down.
READ MORE:  After promotion, success
4. Opinion
In about a week, the nation will celebrate Children’s Day, Bal Divas, extra special this year because it is the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru. He loved children, all children. And the crackle of army bullets kills two schoolboys in Chattergam near Srinagar at this precise moment. It is Muharram time, it has to be a season of mourning.
READ MORE: Children’s Day in Chattergam
5. Businessman-politician
He has friends across parties and been a member of two; he quit the BSP Monday. This has been followed by an exchange of bribery allegations with party chief Mayawati, who has alleged he had offered the party Rs 100 crore for a renomination to the Rajya Sabha.

Chndrababu Naidu plans  start-up villages . ...Andhra Pradesh
(Naidu was the only panelist…)
NEW DELHI: Andhra chief minister Chandrababu Naidu has decided to play angel investor to rural innovators by launching what he called 'start-up villages and incubation centres and said the state has tied up with Google and Facebook to help entrepreneurs and farmers get better incomes through online trading.
"It doesn't matter if we lose some money, but we have to promote start-ups as they are the future," the CM said at a session on uniting India's states held at the World Economic Forum's India Economic Summit .
Andhra chief minister Naidu was the only panelist at the session, where four other chief ministers, including Vasundhara Raje and Shivraj Singh Chouhan were expected to attend.
Naidu also said there is a need to change the narrative about economic reforms so that the common man understands the benefits that will accrue to him or her.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty opens on subdued note; pharma  oil & gas declineNifty opens on subdued note; pharma, oil & gas decline
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 7, 2014, 09.34AM IST
(At 09:16 a.m.; the 50-share…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty began last trading day of truncated week on a negative note after hitting all-time high in previous session. Gains in capital goods, auto and FMCG were offset by losses in healthcare and oil & gas sectors.
The trend may turn positive as the session progress as most Asian markets are trading higher.
At 09:16 a.m.; the 50-share index was at 8,337.20, down 1.10 or 0.01 per cent. It touched a high of 8,340.85 and a low of 8,331.25 in early trade.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 27,932.10, up 16.22 points or 0.06 per cent. It touched a high of 27,940.22 and a low of 27,877.18 in early trade.
"We maintain our view that the trend is strongly bullish and we continue to mention the near term targets of 8450 - 8550 levels, which is the 127% 'Price Extension' zone," said Angel Broking note.
"Last two day's movement can be considered as a breather before the next leap. 8300 - 8250 are likely to act as important support levels for the Nifty," the report added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was 0.40 per cent higher and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.67 per cent.
The S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 0.86 per cent, the S&P BSE Auto Index rose 0.31 per cent and the S&P BSE FMCG Index advanced 0.35 per cent.
The S&P BSE Healthcare Index declined 0.39 per cent and the S&P BSE Oil & gas Index was 0.19 per cent lower.
DLF (up 3.27 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 1.52 per cent), HCL Tech (up 0.92 per cent), Axis Bank (up 0.88 per cent) and L&T (up 0.85 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Hero MotoCorp (2.78 per cent), Sun Pharma (2.75 per cent), NMDC (1.38 per cent), M&M (1.19 per cent) and HDFC Bank (0.98 per cent) were among the major losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 817 gainers against 496 losers.
The Asian markets were in the green following a positive close on the Wall Street. Japan's Nikkei 225 index was up 0.35 per cent, Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was 0.10 per cent higher, Shanghai Composite moved 0.59 per cent higher and Taiwan Weighted moved up 0.29 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty Trade Flat; Bank Stocks WeighYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Edges Higher, Nifty Hovers Near 8,350
NDTV | Updated On: November 07, 2014 09:25 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty traded flat on Friday with some profit-taking seen in banking stocks after their recent outperformance.
The Sensex was up 20 points at 27,936 while Nifty edged up to 8,347, up 9 points.
However, buying was seen in broader markets, with BSE midcap and smallcap stocks rising nearly 0.4 per cent.
Asian shares wobbled in early trading on Friday, while the euro wallowed around two-year lows after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi vowed to take more easing steps to spark growth in the euro zone.
Investors were likely to remain cautious ahead of the key US nonfarm payrolls report later in the session. Solid gains in employment would increase speculation that the U.S. Federal Reserve could raise U.S. interest rates in the middle of next year.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down about 0.1 per cent in early trading, while Japan's Nikkei stock average rose 0.6 percent.
Story first published on: November 07, 2014 09:25 (IST)

Black family have three white childrenMy Albino Children: Black Brazilian Family Have Three White Children
by Barcroft TV 4:08 mins
295,900 views
My Albino Children: Black Brazilian Family Have Three White Children
by Barcroft TV 4:08 mins
295,900 views
When Rosamere Fernanda de Andrade first held her baby she assumed there was a mix up.  Rosamere and ex-husband, Joao, are both black, but their daughter, Ruth, has white skin, blonde hair and blue eyes. But it was no mistake. Ruth, suffers from a generic condition called albinism and has no skin pigment.
Link

Embracing nudity is a big responsibilityTrue heroes who battled cancer
Thu 16 Jun, 2011 5:04 PM IST
Steve Jobs, the visionary who transformed the worlds of personal computing, finally lost his years-long battle with pancreatic cancer. Six years ago, Jobs had talked about how a sense of his mortality was a major driver behind that vision. It takes real courage to swim against the current and smile even when you are writhing in pain. A look at the celebrity figures who showed great grit in their battle against cancer. Meet the real heroes. More » True heroes who battled cancer
Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
Fri 23 Dec, 2011 2:09 PM IST
From yummy to weird, here's a look at the menu of our pregnant celebs. Read on More » Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
Moon gazing on Karva Chauth
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 12:13 PM IST
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
The stunning stars at GQ Men Of The Year Awards
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 1:00 PM IST
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look

Money Market Operations as on November 05  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bank of India stock down 1% post Q2 resultsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SM-3  SM-2s take on ballistic  cruise missile targets during simulated missile  raid  attack exerciseThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ranbaxy slips 5% as approval for Astra and Roche pulledThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Andhra Petrochemicals announces change in directorateThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

20 ministers may be moved in PM s Cabinet shake-up on SundayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Major security breach at Maha govt s swearing-inThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Infosys and DreamWorks Animation join hands to Engineer New SolutionsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Abhishekmehra1421402Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Rightly said center  but it also can become a combination of intuition...540 Followers
Posting this message from Unity Infra Board, by a Boarder called Rupak_Bul, Just Beware
"Arvind ji will reply only when share will hit hit UC,otherwise he will remain silent.He and his some associates has recommended many shares to buy even at increased rate like Assam company(reco@7 for 14 target), L&T finance (around 80),Everest kanto(around 22),Unity Infraroj(around 40),Jyoti structure,Punj LLoyd,Ruchi soya,Atlanta,Nitin spinners,Bliss GVS,Chandra Prabhu and many more.When small investors were trapped in these stocks.All have disappeared from these stocks and even sell recommendation was not given.Somebody mentioned later that Arvindji has given exit call.Even he has given sell call,then what is the use of sell call if a poor investor has been trapped in a share with 30% loss?He then recommends new call after some days and his 15k followers will buy with closed eyes thus by increasing small cap share by UC for some days.It is the same story being repeated.everybody should now be aware of this danger trap.Even i was trapped in Lanco Infratek share since 2 years at Rs 12 average when it reached 15,Arvind ji said -Dont sell a single share of it,it will reach 20 .I believed him.Its now around 6.I have learnt a lesson from my mistake.This was the same case with HDIL.when it crosses 100,he told that it will zoom to 130 .It is now 75.I have a sincere request to everybody.Dont follow anybody.Do your own research and invest.I did well in the past except some aberration.Even if you get loss,then you will learn but never listen to anybody as money is yours and nobody here is for doing social service!!! "

Will come to its previous range 150 180Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

May the great soul of mr rai rest in peace . i am a long term investor...Platinum Member
122 Followers
May the great soul of Mr Rai rest in peace . I am a long term investor in Havells . I Was tracking this company since 1985 and am aware of the immense contribution of Mr Rai to the company as it stands today . His biggest contribution I believe is to ensure continuity of management unhindered with or without his presence . We investors if Havells miss you Mr Ray .
In reply to : ashupatni message
9.58 AM Nov 7th

World s Best CEO Earns 95% Less Than Most PaidBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
A ranking of world's "100 best CEOs" compiled by the prestigious Harvard Business Review (HBR) reveals that the top-ranked executive in the world doesn't earn the most.
Amazon founder Jeffrey Bezos' (#1 on HBR's best CEOs list) earned a compensation of $1.68 million (nearly Rs 10 crore) in 2014, which is significantly less than the median compensation for S&P 500 CEOs ($10.1 million or Rs 60 crore).
The other revelation is founder chief executives of global companies sometimes earn less (salary) than other CEOs, a trend which is not seen in India, where the most-paid executive is invariably from the promoter group.
In 2013-14, Sun TV's Kalanithi Maran and his wife Kavery Kalanithi were the highest paid Indian executives, earning nearly Rs 60 crore each. Next on the list was Hero MotoCorp CEO Pawan Munjal, who made nearly Rs 38 crore last fiscal yar.
Coming back to HBR's ranking, the CEO who earned most in 2014 and also figured on the 100 best CEO list is Walt Disney's Robert Iger. He ranked 60th on the best CEOs list, but earned around $34 million, which is 20 times more than what Mr Bezos made. HBR did not take into account Mr Bezos' stake in Amazon, valued at over $25 billion. (Read: HBR's top CEO list )
To identify the world's best CEO, HBR took into account the total shareholder returns during a chief executive's tenure. Mr Bezos, who made Amazon the world's biggest online retailer, helped the company attain a market capitalisation of $140 billion. That translates in to a return of 15,000 per cent for Amazon shareholders in the last 18 years.
The other factor HBR considered for the ranking was the long-term performance of a CEO. Mr Bezos, who frequently underperforms in the short term, has a long-term track record of delivering shareholder value that is second to none, HBR says.
On HBR's top 100 CEO list, there are only two women (Debra Cafaro of Ventas and Carol Meyrowitz of TJX). The median age of CEOs is 59 and 13 CEOs are of nationalities that differ from their companies. Among these 13 CEOs is MasterCard's Ajay Banga, who is ranked 64th on the best CEO list.
MasterCard's market cap has gone up by $66 billion, while shareholder return rose by 169 per cent since Mr Banga became CEO in 2010, HBR says.
Mr Banga earned $12.36 million (Rs 74 crore), nearly 7 times more than what Mr Bezos made, which earned him 29th rank on the compensation list.
The takeaway for a future CEO: The two preferred pathways to a CEO's job go through either engineering or B-School, HBR notes. Over a quarter of the CEOs on HBR's 100 best list have MBAs, and nearly as many had studied engineering.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 14:13 (IST)

Microsoft Partners With Dropbox for Online File-SharingBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Microsoft Corp said it teamed up with online file-sharing company Dropbox Inc to allow Office software users to manage and share files through Dropbox's website and mobile app.
Microsoft said the functionality would be included in the next updates to the Office mobile apps, to be rolled out in the next few weeks, and online accessibility would be available in the first half of 2015.
Microsoft already has a file-sharing service called OneDrive, but partnering with Dropbox will allow it to tap more than 200 million users of the Silicon Valley startup's services.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

BMW Trims Year s Car Sales Expectations as Profits SurgeBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Frankfurt: BMW AG has quietly throttled back its expectations for car sales this year, despite reporting a forecast-beating operating profit in the third quarter, when strong demand for sports utility vehicles helped offset lacklustre sales of electric cars.
While BMW Group is sticking to its goal of selling more than 2 million cars this year, chief financial officer Friedrich Eichiner on Tuesday said BMW now expected a "solid" increase in sales in 2014, backtracking from an earlier forecast of expecting a "significant" increase.
Asked to clarify a company spokesman said a "significant" increase equates to a percentage sales rise in the high single-to low double-digit range, while "solid" is below that.
BMW's shares reversed earlier gains following the remarks, trading 2.9 per cent lower at 82.78 euros by 1456 GMT, the leading decliners on Germany's blue-chip DAX index which was flat.
Last year BMW Group, which includes the Mini and Rolls-Royce brands, sold 1.964 million cars. But the economic outlook has darkened in recent months. In September alone, sales in Russia fell 27 per cent, slowing growth momentum.
"We have to focus on profitability," Eichiner said, explaining that the Bavarian firm was willing to forego some volume sales for the sake of protecting its margins.
BMW has bet big on electric vehicles and small city cars such as the Mini. But it was gas-guzzling SUVs such as its biggest offroader, the X5, which helped boost BMW's sales and margins in the third quarter.
BMW has a broader range of SUVs than its competitors, including the current BMW X1, X3, X4, X5 and X6 models which make up 30 per cent of its sales, a factor that has helped it retain the crown of largest-selling premium auto maker.
Last year BMW led the pack among the German premium auto makers, selling 1.65 million BMW-branded cars worldwide. Volkswagen's Audi was next at 1.57 million and Daimler in third place, selling 1.47 million Mercedes-Benz branded cars.
In the last three months sales of BMW-branded cars rose 6.9 per cent, as demand for X1, X4 and X5 vehicles helped lift operating margins for BMW cars to 9.4 per cent -- above the 8.6 per cent achieved by rival Mercedes-Benz Cars and the 9.2 per cent seen at Audi.
Quarterly earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) rose 17 per cent to 2.26 billion euros ($2.8 billion), above the average forecast of 2 billion euros given in a Reuters poll of analysts.
"BMW continues to deliver very strong earnings and the outlook for the rest of this year remains very encouraging in our view," analysts at Evercore ISI said in a note.
Net profit, however, slipped 1 per cent to 1.31 billion euros, below the 1.35 billion-euro average forecast. BMW said this was due to a higher tax bill and a writedown on the value of its stake in carbon fibre manufacturer SGL Carbon.
Between January and September sales of new BMW-branded sportscars improved in all regions, despite a 7.5 per cent slide in the Mini brand and lower sales of BMW 3-series cars.
X5 sales surged 34 per cent in the first nine months of 2014, helping to keep BMW's auto operating margin at the upper end of the company's target of 8 to 10 per cent.
BMW has been under pressure to sell smaller, more fuel- efficient cars as a way to meet tougher anti-pollution rules in Europe, designed to lower carbon dioxide emissions (CO2).
While average emissions of the fleet had been lowered in Europe, BMW declined to say whether this applied globally.
"A lot of the time, people forget the customer," chief executive Norbert Reithofer told analysts, explaning that in end BMW will follow customer demand.
Lackluster electric
BMW has also invested billions in developing electric car technology, launching its own "i" brand. But it had sold only 10,199 of the i3 hatchbacks by end-September. In February the company said it had "more than 11,000 orders".
Sales would have been higher but production constraints limited supply, Reithofer said.
"Expenditure on new technologies will remain high throughout the remainder of the year. One important factor driving this trend is the need to develop new technologies aimed at bringing down CO2 emissions even further," BMW said.
Slack demand for electric cars has forced smaller makers such as Fisker Automotive Inc and Coda Automotive to file for bankruptcy, along with car charging network firm Better Place.
More recently, both Daimler and Toyota said they had sold off their stake in pioneering electric sports car maker Tesla, but both continue to make electric cars.
BMW has hedged its bets and also opted to make more and bigger lifestyle offroad vehicles. The United States has seen resurgence in demand for SUVs thanks to cheaper fuel from shale oil.
Earlier this year BMW said it would build an X7 model, and expand production at its SUV factory in Spartanburg, South Carolina by 50 per cent.
Sales of the Mini should also rebound with the global launch of the next generation three- and five-door versions, BMW said.
Operating cash flow in the automotive division fell 36 percent in the last quarter as BMW increased production of new models for a global rollout, including the Mini 5-door.
(1 US dollar = 0.7996 euros)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Big Companies Disclose Too Little on Operations AbroadBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Berlin: The world's biggest companies disclose little or no financial details about their operations abroad, according to a report by Transparency International which singled out Chinese firms but also US tech giants like Amazon and Google.
The Berlin-based anti-corruption watchdog named Bank of China, Honda Motor, Bank of Communications, Agricultural Bank of China and Russia's Sberbank as the five least transparent companies.
Bank of China could not be reached for comment on the report, while the other four firms declined to comment.
"We need more transparency from multinational companies, whose power in the world economy closely rivals the biggest countries," said Transparency International chairman Jose Ugaz.
"By not responding to people's demands for greater transparency and accountability, companies risk harming their brand and losing customers," he warned.
Around three quarters of the 124 firms assessed do not disclose the taxes they pay in foreign countries and nearly half publish no information on revenues abroad, the report said.
The companies were ranked based on their reporting of their measures to prevent corruption, information about subsidiaries and holdings and information about financial operations abroad.
By these criteria, European companies performed best with Italy's Eni, Britain's Vodafone and Norway's Statoil at the top.
"We are committed to providing as much information and insight as possible to support informed public debate on issues such as corporate governance, anti-corruption programmes and corporate taxation," said a spokesman for Vodafone.
While there were six Chinese companies among the 10 worst performers, US firms also figured.
Warren Buffet's conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway was ranked the sixth least transparent multinational and the report said major tech companies also performed relatively poorly.
"Surprisingly, the sector that makes greater transparency possible is one of the least transparent," said Transparency, adding that Amazon, Apple, Google and IBM all scored less than three out of 10.
The US firms cited were either unavailable when asked for a reaction by Reuters or declined to comment. Some firms did not want to respond until they had seen the complete report.
A spokesperson for Japan's Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp, which was also among the bottom 10, said: "We want to continue to work towards appropriate disclosures."
Transparency said the world's biggest oil, gas and mining companies were not yet ready for transparency rules that would enter into force across the European Union from July 2015.
These regulations require extractive companies to report payments such as taxes to governments on a country-by-country and project-by-project basis. In the United States, similar measures are planned, but implementation has been delayed.
 

Burger King Opens in India This Sunday; Pre-Orders Via eBayBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Burger King opens its doors in India at noon, this Sunday, November 9 at New Delhi's Select City Walk mall. But customers can start placing their orders already! How?
The American burger giant has tied up with e-commerce major eBay and customers can pre-order their chicken, mutton or vegetarian 'Whopper' burgers on eBay at a special promotional flat price of Rs 128 (inclusive of taxes). One person is however, entitled to only two vouchers.
The promotional offer will also give customers a free 'Whopper' t-shirt along with their burger.
Customers will receive a coupon via courier, which they have to present at the store to get their burgers. Pre-orders can be placed till Wednesday, November 5, but "the duration of the offer may be extended...at the discretion of Burger King," the world's second largest burger chain after McDonald's said in a note posted on eBay.
"Thank you for such an overwhelming response to our WhopperShopper Sale on eBay India and for giving us such a heartwarming welcome already! See you on the 9th - hope you're all as excited as we are! (sic)" Burger King India said in a Facebook post on Wednesday.
However, Burger King India's menu will not have any beef options, it had earlier clarified.
 
"We have a wide range of options you'll love. We do not have beef on our menu but our options will certainly delight you," it said in an earlier thread on its official Facebook page.
Founded in 1954, Burger King has 13,000 stores across 98 countries.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 14:07 (IST)

Guns  chocolates & WhatsApp in KabulEYE BROWSE
Guns, Chocolates & WhatsApp in Kabul
What is it like to live as a mercenary guard in a war zone? An alternative portrait of the Indian abroad.
By Betwa Sharma | Grist Media –  Wed 5 Nov, 2014
Recommend
Print
Banuchandar Rajendran, a 29 year security commander in Kabul, Afghanistan. Photo courtesy-Banuchandar Rajendra …
On the morning of July 17, Banu woke up to alarm sirens from three buildings. It was 4.20 am, 20 minutes before he usually woke up for his 12-hour shift that began at 6. As he excitedly rushed up the stairs, he wondered if the blasts would help extend his job.
Banuchandar Rajendran is a 29-year-old from Tamil Nadu who commands a team of 42 security guards at a guesthouse in Kabul. He’s been in Afghanistan since July 2013 looking for a job, and finally got his break at the guesthouse in April this year. He’s been leader of his team since May. That early July morning, he could hear the gunfire and the blasts from an attack that was already underway at the nearby airport. He felt glad this particular attack hadn’t happened at midnight and ruined his sleep. A more distant sense of relief also washed over him – such attacks kept him employed. For people like Banu, more blasts mean more jobs, more salary.
Instead of getting dressed, Banu slammed his body armour over a T-shirt and shorts and ran to the terrace to get a view of the action. He had to report to his bosses every 10 minutes about the intensity, frequency and direction of the blasts. He stood there for a long time, puffing cigarettes, watching the smoke-bursts along the half-dark horizon and the steady punctuating light of continuous gunfire. It was a new experience for him. He felt that even if something had fallen on his head, he might not have run for cover.
About an hour later, his thoughts began to wander. He wondered how long it would take for everyone to emergeso they could go in for their breakfast of Afghan rotis and tea. “A few [shells] hit around 500 to 800 meters away from us,” he told me later. “But I was also enjoyed watching them all. That was my first time watching blasts,” he said.
A few days earlier, he’d sent me a WhatsApp text describing the city as “hot, hot and hot with too many blasts.”
About a week later on July 23, I spent several anxious moments scanning a news report . Two Indian security guards had been killed in a Taliban suicide attack at a compound near the Kabul airport. I had not heard from Banu all day, which was unusual since he often texted me during his lunch break.
My mind immediately rewound to March 11 , when my friend, Swedish journalist Nils Horner was shot dead in Kabul. We had met in Delhi when he’d come to report on the 2012 Delhi gang rape. A week before he was killed, he had emailed me to suggest that I join him on his upcoming reporting trip. Nils worked for the National Swedish Radio and had reported from Afghanistan several times. He wanted to report stories ahead of the elections, especially about women who feared for their rights if the sizeable international community left the country. “Perhaps go to Herat also, it is supposed to be a very interesting place and more economically advanced than Kabul,” he wrote in his email. We’d been trading notes about the humdrum of life: my dogs, his plans to take up gardening on the rooftop of his Hong Kong apartment. “I would need plants that don't mind me being away a lot,” he’d added.
A few days later, Nils was shot dead by two men on a Kabul street. There is still no reliable information on why this happened. The murderers have not been apprehended.
Banu messaged me that evening of July 23. He had not been in touch because his phone had run out of battery. “I’m free now. Had dinner, smoke, and resting now,” he wrote. The attack had killed two men from Kerala , Ponnappan V Kuttappan and Parambhat Ravindran, who had been working for an American security firm.
Banuchandar Rajendran poses in uniform with his weapon. Photo courtesy Banuchandar Rajendran.
1 / 10
1 - 10 / 10
Guns & chocolates
In August last year, I’d left Banu sitting on a mattress in a large and sunny room of a Sikh gurudwara in Kabul. On August 15, 2013, India’s Independence Day, he had phoned home to tell his parents that he needed more time to find a job. On reaching Afghanistan in July the previous month, Banu had discovered that his employment agent, a man called Senthil, had duped him – there was no job waiting for him as a security guard in an American military base for $800 per month. His tourist visa had expired within a month.
Today, even though his life is in danger daily, Banu has decided not to return home until he can earn back the money his family paid to Senthilto secure him a job. He also wants to earn enough to ensure that his parents are financially comfortable for the next few years, and build a house before getting married.
I first met Banu for a story on the Indians who continued to live in a conflict-ridden country like Afghanistan despite the frequent attacks by the Taliban and other insurgent groups. They had specifically been targeting Indians over the past few years. When I reached Afghanistan last summer, Indians were getting plenty of distressed calls from home – set off by an attack on the Indian consulate in the province of Jalalabad on August 3.
Since that visit, Banu had called me a few times to let me know that he was still waiting to find a job in Afghanistan. He acknowledged that Afghanistan was a dangerous place to hang around, but he didn’t brood about it. He would often say that returning home was not an option. In April, I was traveling to cover an election rally in Uttar Pradesh when my phone rang in a noisy train. Banu’s voice was barely audible. “I'm calling to tell you that I've got a job as a receptionist in a guesthouse. I'm very happy and my parents are very happy,” he said.
A few weeks later, he phoned with more news. He had been promoted from a receptionist to a security commander in charge of a group of 42 guards. “I worked in [a] call centre [earlier] and [now] became a security commander. My life has completely changed,” he said. “I never even touched a gun earlier but I'm always with one AK-47 even in my bed time now.”
We started messaging more frequently after he downloaded the WhatsApp application on his phone this June. Our exchanges about the blasts and suicide attacks around him became an almost weekly ritual. His messages would be short and to the point: “Blasts nearby. Just 500 meters away, will text you later.”
Being a security commander, Banu told me, involves allotting shifts, taking attendance, checking weapons, escorting guests around the guesthouse, and translating instructions from his bosses to the guards. These guards are mostly from India, Sri Lanka and Afghanistan who talk in a mix of English and Hindi. In case of an emergency, Banu says, he has to ensure that the other staffers take cover. “Whenever we have attacks around, I will be in the frontline and place everyone as per the directions,” he says.
He usually wakes up at 4.40am. His shift begins at 6am. Breakfast is at 7.30am. Lunch follows at 12.30 pm and dinner at 7pm. Through the day, he has to check that his guards are at their stations and the compound is secured. “I need to give situation report to my heads every five to ten minutes,” he says.
For example, September 21 was a busy day. They converted a room into a second security office. They arranged for a first aid box, notice boards and cleared waste papers. They cleaned the emergency gate – for that he needed to arrange two cleaners, engineering staff to grease the rails and station four security guards as the rest worked. He also trained four men to handle a PK machine gun.
He has to work weekends. He hasn’t had a single holiday since he started work in April. He does not complain much, preferring to be stoic about the work and the conditions. He sometimes complains about the breakfast.
2pm, August 15, 2014. Exactly one year to the day and the hour since I last saw Banu, he was wolfing down rajma-chawal (beans and rice) for lunch at the guesthouse. His first message to me that day was a greeting for Independence Day. The second one was about the Afghan cook forgetting to put salt in the food.
“But it is better than other days,” he added.
Breakfast might usually be “stale bread and tea” but the cook likes to mix it up. He sometimes serves boiled potatoes and insists it’s “dum aloo”, Banu’s favourite Indian dish of potato curry, peeving the Tamilian further. Since it was Independence Day, Banu was contemplating buying some chocolates, which he says are his one weakness. He’s spent $100 on chocolates since finding a job this year. “I can live without food if I get chocolates. I’m crazy about this,” he says.
“It is hard to carry around 20kg for 12 hours with these foods,” Banu explains. He’s calculated that his body armour weighs 13kg, his weapons weigh 4kg and the ammunition magazines are another 2kg.
But for all the deadly gear that he lugs around, Banu says he doesn’t see himself as emerging victorious after an attack. “Funny thing is that we will be alert for nothing,” he says. “If anyone throws bombs or missiles, we have to die. We are human, not Bollywood heroes.”
Into the blue
In 2008 and 2009, the Indian embassy in Kabul was targeted. The first attack, which claimed the lives of four Indian officials, was blamed on the Haqqani network, a Taliban faction closely associated with Pakistan’s spy service, the Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence. Nine Indians were again killed in 2010 when the Taliban attacked two guesthouses frequented by foreigners. In 2013, three more Indians – a waiter, a laundry manager and an officer manager who were working for a firm that provided supplies to NATO forces – were killed when their guesthouse was attacked.Last year, Indian author Sushmita Banerjee , whose Afghan memoir was made into a major film , was abducted from her home in Paktika, taken to the Al Jihad madrassa and shot 25 times. In May this year, gunmen attacked the Indian consulate in Herat.
The Indians I met last summer included cooks, engineers, a doctor, a bellhop, and Banu. A group of engineers who had come to pray at the Hindu temple in Kabul said that they were making more money than their counterparts in India. They liked not having to deal with the traffic, high taxes and pollution that made for a stressful life in India. Some added that they had never experienced, in any other country, the kind of warmth that Afghans had for Indians.
An official at the Indian embassy in Kabul told me that 800 Indians are currently registered with the embassy as compared to 3,000 last year. Embassy officials say they don’t know how many Indians have arrived in Afghanistan through employment agents to find work with private companies or on US military bases – though the assumption is that even their numbers have dwindled as US troops have pulled out of the country and businesses linked with them have shuttered.
Those who had lived in Afghanistan for several years said that they had explored Kabul and other provinces of the country in the years following the American invasion of Afghanistan in 2001. Their excursions dwindled after the Taliban remerged around 2007 and the country was once again riddled with violence. Indians who have subsequently arrived in Afghanistan rarely leave the compounds of their companies. They make short trips to banks for wiring money home or to buy recharge cards for their mobile phones. Most know little of the city and its people. They don’t really want to tip the balance from adventure to risk. They see their Afghan stint only as a chance to earn a fistful of dollars.
A life abroad
Banu speaks to his family once a week. While his parents know that he works as a security guard in Afghanistan, he says he’s never told them about how close the attacks are to his compound.
Banu previously worked at a call centre in Hyderabad from where he was fired after an argument with his boss, but not before he had learned to speak English fluently. Punching in long hours for a salary of Rs 17,000, he decided, was not how he wanted to live. And so he contacted dubious employment agents who promised better wages in the Middle East and high salaries in areas of conflict like Afghanistan and Iraq.
He says he didn't care if he had to cook, wash dishes, make beds or sweep the floor – as long as he earned some good money for the work. “I had no choice,” he says. “Jobs in India pay too little to have any kind of good life. But you are seeing so many people in India getting rich. But it is not you or your friends.”
His first foray abroad was in 2012 as a housekeeping supervisor at a hospital in Muscat, Oman. Banu was promised a monthly salary of $300 (around Rs 18,000) for an eight-hour shift, plus an extra $150 (around Rs 9,000) for four extra hours of overtime. He planned to save most of the $450 since his lodging and food came free. Just covering his expenses had taken up half of his call centre salary in India.
On reaching Oman, though, Banu was not paid extra for any overtime. “The agent had lied to me,” he says. 
That wasn’t the deal breaker, he explains. The real reason why he quit in three months had more to do with his supervisor, a man from Kerala, who, Banu says, would often flirt with him. “It made me so uncomfortable. I thought about complaining but then he would lose his job, and what if no one believed me? What could I do?”
His father, who runs a grocery shop, sold their family house in Usliampatti, Tamil Nadu for Rs 800,000 to cover debts, medical expenses and pay Banu's agent a sum of Rs 150,000. “My dad started his life with 6,000 rupees in debt but we had two of our own houses and land in three places,” he said. He says he feels sad when thinking about the gradual decline of his family’s fortunes by the time he grew up. He has a elder sister who is a homemaker and an elder brother who works as a cashier at a Mega Mart store.
His parents sold their two houses and land to pay for his college education, his sister's wedding, his brother's failed business venture, medical expenses and the employment agent, who had lied to them. “We lost everything [around the same time],” he says.
Most residences in Kabul are fronted by high walls and a thick gate with a slit from which a security guard peeks out and ask visitors to identify themselves. That is the job that Banu had hoped to get for $800 a month when he arrived.
In July 2012, when Banu first arrived in Kabul, he discovered that his agent Senthil had duped him. He’d heard of Senthil through a friend who used to work with him in a hotel in Bangalore in 2007. Senthil, Banu said, is from Vilathikulam village, which is three hours by road from his own village in Usliampatti.
“I trusted Senthil because [my friend’s] brother also paid him for [an Afghan] job along with me. We both got cheated,” he said. There was no job waiting for him when he landed in Kabul.
After discovering that he had been duped again in Afghanistan, Banu was ashamed and alarmed at the prospect of returning home. By August 2013, he neither had a visa to stay on nor any certainty of finding a job in the conflict ridden country, which was creaking with unease at the forecasts of political instability and more violence after the U.S. troops moved out.
In February, the United Nations reported that since 2009, the armed conflict had claimed the lives of 14,064 civilians and injured thousands more, and that 2013 was “the worst year for Afghan women, girls and boys.” Still, Banu was determined to execute his three-fold plan; repay his father, restore his own honour and earn enough money to build a big house before getting married. “My parents’ happiness is my priority. I’m willing to lose my life for them,” he says.
After his visa expired, his local handler, a Sri Lankan man called Vaithyalingam, left Banu at the Indian embassy in Kabul. The embassy officials sent Banu to the local Sikh gurudwara in Kabul, which is often the refuge for Indians who are abandoned in Afghanistan by their agents. The Indian embassy officials know that Indian workers are often abandoned or cheated by their agents, and customarily leave such people at the gurudwara to stay as they try to arrange money for their ticket home. Only once the ticket money is arranged do the Indian officials stamp an exit visa for people like Banu.
Instead of arranging money for the first plane out of Kabul, Banu tried to find a way to stay on. After a week he received a call from a man called James, a colleague of Senthil’s who had helped him with the paperwork for Afghanistan. While they had both deceived Banu, he said that James was the “nicer guy among all the villains” he had come across in his quest abroad.
James, he said, told him to meet an Afghan man called Naseer, who would help him get placed as a security guard somewhere. Banu went to stay at Naseer’s compound – two floors of a very old dusty building, resembling an abandoned factory, in a crowded part of Kabul. He met other men there, including from India, Sri Lanka and Nepal, who were waiting like him for work to materialize. “We cooked our own food twice a day. We cooked dal, brinjal cauliflowers, potato, any cheap vegetable,” he said. “It was the worst part of my life. I was just waiting for a job,” he said.
In addition to the Rs 150,000 that Banu had already paid Senthil, he now needed to shell out an additional commission of Rs 65,000 to Naseer. Banu’s mother approached her family for the money but they refused, so she agreed to forfeit her share of a family property worth Rs 10 lakh for the immediate cash payment of Rs 65,000. “She fought with them,” said Banu. “It was an emergency so she had to give up her property.”
Banu ended up waiting for nine months for Naseer to find him a job. He’d dipped into his little kitty of 1,000 afghanis for cigarettes and phone cards to call his parents on weekends. Naseer provided the food. “One and a half years went by only by waiting, waiting, waiting. Only got disappointment,” he said. “Reading my story, what will you say? Was I stuck or did I succeed?”
Banu said that around 30 Indians and 10 Sri Lankans who were in Naseer’s camp during that time returned home without jobs. Banu did not like Naseer but he didn’t mind chatting with him, and they often talked about movies, family, job vacancies, mobiles, and computers. “He was always friendly. Always said that he knows everything. But he always cheats someone,” he said.
During this time, in anticipation of landing a job as a security guard, he taught himself how to use the AK-47 and a PK machine gun by watching videos on YouTube. “Training is nothing to do with shooting someone,” he told me. “Just theoretical knowledge on how to shoot and open every part, safety mode, single shots, continuous shots.”
Later, at the guesthouse an Albanian soldier taught Banu how to clean his weapons. “We clean all weapons once every two weeks. I opened them first with the help of the Albanian. Then I started to clean them myself,” he said.
He’s never warmed to Afghanistan. He doesn’t like Kabul or Afghans. He doesn’t find the city to be beautiful. He never went beyond two kilometres from Naseer's camp. “Kabul is like the village in my childhood. No development in technology, no literacy,” he says.
“I don't want to speak to anyone. It is just five or six persons in my life to whom I have talked a lot. I'm a talkative person in my family. I'm not a shy person. [But] I don't like anyone. I don't trust anyone.”
In all our conversations, Banu only ever mentioned one person in Kabul whom he liked – a 27-year-old Punjabi called Omveer Singh at Naseer's camp. “He came to Afghanistan along with five other guys,” said Banu. “They had also been cheated by their agent – their agent didn’t pay Naseer the commission money. [Singh] took care of all expenses for those guys because they came along with him.”
Once they started getting jobs, he told Naseer to place the other guys first since he could wait if required. Banu described his Punjabi friend as a rich man who owned land back home. According to Banu, this man had chosen to work in Iraq and Afghanistan just for the thrill of it.
“He spent around 80,000 [Indian] rupees in seven months for everyone and then he returned to India [since he didn’t find a job]. He is just living for fun. No motive, no fear. We talked about everything – about his previous job, his family, girlfriends and how he impressed them, cricket. We played cards and watched girls next door.”
Banu and his friend would go to look at college girls in the neighbourhood when they’d come to dry laundry on their roofs. “I did not speak to them because I was always thinking of my job,” he says. He described the girls as beautiful.
I'll earn so I’ll never turn
Banu doesn't know why he was promoted so quickly since he had no experience of being a commander and he had taught himself how to use weapons by watching videos online. He said that the other men had long army backgrounds or they had worked in private security firms. His ability to converse easily in English, Banu said, is probably why they wanted him to be a security commander. He can communicate with the guards and his bosses – British, Australian and American. “Communication”, he says, is why he got promoted so fast in a place where conventional job rules seldom apply. He said he doesn’t know anyone else like him in his compound – good with English and management but not with weapons and security.
His employers and colleagues know that he has no prior experience in security work. Some of the other soldiers resent his swift rise despite his limited experience. His superiors don’t seem to mind, even when he confessed that he had lied about being in the army to get the job. “I informed them, ‘Sorry sir, I’m not from army. I worked in call centre before. I lied at you to get this job.’ They said: No problem.”
“They are really supporting me,” he continued. “They told me to tell them if anyone gave me hard time and they would take care of it,” he said. “They need me to lead the people, do the job perfectly, and to translate.”
Banu told me that two men from Tamil Nadu, one from Punjab and another one from Assam also worked at the Afghan guesthouse where he was employed. Most of the other security guards are older than Banu. He is civil to them, but not friendly. Banu didn’t consider the 38-year-old Albanian to be a friend either, but he admired him. “He never says no or impossible,” he said. “He sleeps three hours a day. He is always active and questions a lot. He smokes 20 or more cigarettes a day but he can run fast. He doesn’t go to the gym but he lifts 100 kilograms.”
The local Afghan staff at the guesthouse, he says, resell goods to expats like him for a profit. “I don't like these people. They are all same,” he says. “They cheat everyone for money. They sell all this stuff [to us] like soap, oil, mobiles, etc. We know the [market] price but they take more.”
His room is a metal container, like those used to ship cargo. He shares a container with a former security commander from Sri Lanka. Neither of them, he says, is talkative. He gets a few hours of free time after dinner before he hits bed, which he likes to spend surfing the Internet instead of being social. He spends his free time downloading Tamil, Telugu and English songs and movies, and occasionally some pornography. He recently downloaded Wall-E and The Good, The Bad and The Ugly.
Besides his dream of a having a monetarily secure future, Banu is stuck in Afghanistan because he has neither a visa nor a passport. His visa expired within a month of landing in Afghanistan while his passport is being held hostage by Naseer, who is in dispute with the guesthouse management where Banu is now working.
Naseer, Banu explained, has refused to release his passport until the Afghan management gave him more money for the placements that he had arranged. The guesthouse, however, has refused to pay Naseer because he had failed to renew the visas for their employees.
“They are all criminals. They do business but lie to each other,” Banu said. While he didn’t divulge any details, he sounded confident about solving his passport and visa dilemma. “This is Afghanistan. Anything is possible with currency,” he declared. “We have many ways to catch a cat. Can't I find one to catch my passport?” 
But he admits he is worried that his company won’t let him stay if the visa issue isn’t resolved soon.
In September, Banu finally finished repaying his parents for his agent fee of Rs 150,000. Now his focus is to build a house back home, which he estimates will cost Rs 8-10 lakh. “No ideas but everything will be on my dad's wishes,” he says about the kind of house. “House and ambassador car is my dad's wish. I’ve heard [this] from my childhood.”
Building a house, Banu reasons, means that he’ll need to reach an even higher pay grade. Of the $1,000 he currently earns every month, he sends $700 to his family.
“I'm going to earn so I will never turn,” he said when I expressed doubt about his plan. “Ha ha, that rhymes.”
* * *
When I spoke to Banu on October 6, he suddenly told me he’s decided to appeal to his boss to be demoted from commander to guard. He said he was exhausted from the gruelling 12-hour shifts; as a guard he would have to work for six to nine hours and be paid only $100 less.
He says he’s still proud of becoming a commander but he increasingly feels like a machine. "Just automated. Morning: 4.40 wake up, 5 brush, 5.10 toilet, 5.20 shower, 5.40 dress, 5.55 report for duty. Then evening: 6.30 or 7.00 shift over, then dinner, then I can stay awake till 9 maximum.”
He says he has to weigh his health against money. “I’m in a dilemma. I don't know what to do," he said. “I'm still deciding because this is the first time that I’m thinking about my health.”
So far, his superiors have refused to demote him. Banu says he will keep trying.
He’s also been thinking about looking for a job in a security firm in Iraq as a backup plan. If he leaves Afghanistan, he told me, it will be for Iraq where the Islamic jihadist group ISIS has taken control over parts of the country and the United States has carried out air strikes since August.
“We will have jobs in Iraq very soon because of war," he said. "More danger so more salary.”
Betwa Sharma is a Delhi-based journalist. Follow her at @betwasharma and on www.betwasharma.com .
 

DLF gets interim relief; allowed to redeem Rs 1 806 crore of MF investmentFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
In an interim relief against Sebi order, realty giant DLF was today allowed by the Securities Appellate Tribunal to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 1,806 crore till next month.
After hearing an appeal for interim relief by DLF, the Tribunal allowed the company to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 767 crore in the current month and further funds worth Rs 1,039 crore in December.
DLF had sought permission to redeem funds locked in mutual funds after being slapped with the market regulator’s ban last month from accessing the capital market for 3 years.
The Delhi-based developer had made the request through an affidavit submitted on Monday to the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), which is hearing DLF’s appeal against the unprecedented ban imposed by the watchdog last month on the company and six of its top officials.
The affidavit was filed following a direction from the tribunal last Thursday.
The SAT, a quasi-judicial body, will begin its final hearing on December 10 on DLF’s main plea against Sebi order.
At an earlier hearing on October 30, the SAT had asked DLF to specifically mention the time-frame, the requirements as well as the end use of the fund apart from till what time it needs the interim relief.
The SAT has further asked Sebi to file its reply to the DLF petition by November 30 and directed the petitioner to submit its rejoinder by December 8 and posted the matter for final hearing on December 10.
Last month, Sebi banned DLF and six of its senior-most officials, including founder-Chairman K P Singh, from capital markets for three years. The company challenged the ban in SAT and had sought an interim relief on October 22.
The Sebi took action against DLF for not disclosing the details about three of its 353 subsidiaries/associate companies in its 2007 IPO filing. This was one of the rare orders by Sebi where it barred a blue-chip firm and its top promoter/executives from market.
While promoters own 74.93 per cent stake in DLF, foreign institutional investors have close to 20 per cent and retail shareholders about 4 per cent, among others.

Abhishek takes a victory lap with AishwaryaCelebrity Search
Abhishek Bachchan and his love for football
That Abhishek Bachchan loves football is something we all know by now. There are a couple of times when we have spotted Ash and Aradhya with him. Take a look. And then there was this match which brought Abhishek Bachchan, Aamir Khan and his family, Hrithik Roshan, Tiger Shroff and other Bollywood stars together for a cause.
Ash takes a victory lap with Abhishek
1 / 30
Yahoo India Celebrity | Photo by Yogen Shah
Wed 5 Nov, 2014 12:30 PM IST
True heroes who battled cancer
Thu 16 Jun, 2011 5:04 PM IST
Steve Jobs, the visionary who transformed the worlds of personal computing, finally lost his years-long battle with pancreatic cancer. Six years ago, Jobs had talked about how a sense of his mortality was a major driver behind that vision. It takes real courage to swim against the current and smile even when you are writhing in pain. A look at the celebrity figures who showed great grit in their battle against cancer. Meet the real heroes. More » True heroes who battled cancer
Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
Fri 23 Dec, 2011 2:09 PM IST
From yummy to weird, here's a look at the menu of our pregnant celebs. Read on More » Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
Moon gazing on Karva Chauth
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 12:13 PM IST
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
The stunning stars at GQ Men Of The Year Awards
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 1:00 PM IST
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look

Revealed: Sanjeev Kumar s TRAGIC life in picsPhoto uploaded by Shailendra Dhodi
on Nov 04, 2014 , 12:42 pm
5301 Views  |  7  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Not many know that Sanjeev Kumar was quite the ladies'man. Something about his nonchalant style was irresistible to women! But the irony was that he never married! Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images.
Not many know that Sanjeev Kumar was quite the ladies'man. Something about his nonchalant style was irresistible to women! But the irony was that he never married! Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images.

Story of Guru Nanakji in picsPhoto uploaded by Lipla Bhatt
on Nov 05, 2014 , 03:16 pm
1455 Views  |  5  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
2014 marks the 546th birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev ji. It is believed that he was born on 15 April 1469, and world-wide on Kartik Puranmashi, the full-moon day which falls on different dates each year his birthday is celebrated as Gurpurab. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.
2014 marks the 546th birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev ji. It is believed that he was born on 15 April 1469, and world-wide on Kartik Puranmashi, the full-moon day which falls on different dates each year his birthday is celebrated as Gurpurab. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.

Unseen photos from Indo-Pak CONFLICT!Photo uploaded by Dev Kashyap
on Nov 05, 2014 , 03:49 pm
1141 Views  |  0  Comment  |  
Report Abuse
In 1947 Britain divides the Indian subcontinent, creating two independent countries: secular (but mainly Hindu) India and Muslim Pakistan. All the 680 princely states were allowed to decide which of the two countries to join.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images.
In 1947 Britain divides the Indian subcontinent, creating two independent countries: secular (but mainly Hindu) India and Muslim Pakistan. All the 680 princely states were allowed to decide which of the two countries to join.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images.

India Met declares cyclone alert in Bay  but no threat for coastDepression deepens, may trigger rains in AP
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Nov 6:  
The Bay of Bengal has worked around a persisting depression, fuelling its growth into a deep depression on Thursday and promising to ramp it up as a tropical cyclone by Friday itself.
India Met Department located the deep depression to 560 km southeast of Visakhapatnam and 690 km south-southeast of Paradip on Thursday afternoon.
Minimal cyclone
It would strengthen to a minimal cyclone, but is forecast to weaken rapidly two rounds to become a depression near the Andhra Pradesh coast by Saturday night. It may trigger moderate rainfall over many districts of Andhra Pradesh on Saturday and Sunday, the Met said.
Squally weather may prevail along the coast.
The weakening phase of the cyclone will be initiated from early morning on Saturday, an outlook from the US Naval Observatory said.
Spookes trackers
According to the US agency, the landfall of the weakened system (likely as a depression) is likely to happen along the coast of Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh.
In fact, the brewing cyclone had spooked all major tracking centres except the US agency which had issued a cyclone formation alert in the Bay from Wednesday evening itself.
It now appears that the Andhra Pradesh coast would likely to have another strong weather system during the first half of the next week.
Wind field projections by India Met Department point to another likely tropical cyclone heading towards the coast by Tuesday/Wednesday in rare back-to-back visitations by Bay of Bengal cyclones. A parent circulation is already taking shape across India’s territorial waters, 537 km southeast of Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Successor storm
The ‘low’ would cross into the Andaman Sea as early as Monday by when it would grow into a depression and head later into the open Bay waters.
Excess rain is confined to the Andhra Pradesh coast and down to the south over Sri Lanka during the week beginning November 12, which coincides with the projected landfall.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

On Sets:  Bajrangi Bhaijaan  Salman Khan with  begum  Kareena Kapoor Khanentertainment
On Sets: ‘Bajrangi Bhaijaan’ Salman Khan with ‘begum’ Kareena Kapoor Khan
The shooting of Salman Khan's next film 'Bajrangi Bhaijaan' with Kareena Kapoor is on and going by the looks of it, the whole cast and crew is really enjoying the shoot in the national capital. The whole team, especially the lead pair - Salman Khan and Kareena Kapoor Khan - is seen clicking a lot of pictures and selfies during the shoot.
Seen here is superstar Salman Khan taking a selfie with his co star in the movie Kareena. (Source: Twitter)
Kareena Kapoor gets clicking too, but with the crew doing honours. (Source: Twitter)
The actress rocks the minimal make up look.  (Source: Twitter)
And that's apparently the team Kareena, who manages the actress' commitments. (Source: Twitter)
"With Beautiful kareena on the sets of BajrangBhaijaan':-)" Manish Malhotra tweeted with this picture. Kareena indeed looks beautiful in salwar kameez. (Source: Twitter)
All work, some phone: Salman and Kareena take time off the shoot and indulge in their cell phones. (Source: Twitter)
Related

Not aware of rules on appointing close relatives: Bihar CM Jitan Ram ManjiBy: Press Trust of India | Patna | Posted: November 6, 2014 3:08 pm
In the eye of the storm over the controversial appointment of his son-in-law as his Personal Assistant (PA), Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi on Thursday said he was not aware of the rules and blamed the Cabinet department for not telling him about it before issuing the notification.
“I was not aware of the rules not to appoint close relatives as staff in the office. It was the duty of state Cabinet Secretariat to see (about law prohibiting such appointments),” Manjhi told reporters here.
“The Cabinet department which issued the notification of the appointments did not tell me about the existing rules,” he said on appointment of his son-in-law Devendra Kumar as his PA.
“As soon as the matter came to my knowledge, I removed my son-in-law,” Manjhi said.
Manjhi’s son-in-law Devendra Kumar put in his papers late last night after the appointment kicked controversy.
About the appointment of his relative Satyendra Kumar, who has been appointed as peon through the same June 4, 2014 notification, Manjhi said he was his nephew and the matter did not come in the definition of close relatives in the existing law.
“Close relative means son, daughter and their spouse and not nephew. If you say he hails from the same caste as I am, then my every caste men will somewhere or other come as my relatives,” he said.
Responding to his critics on the appointments, Manjhi said “Hame Gaali dene wale apni patni ko jaali certificate ke aadhar par college professor banaye hua hai (those abusing me has helped his wife become a college professor on the basis of a fake certificate).”

PM Modi ranked 15th on Forbes power list; Putin topsThe Forbes magazine described Narendra Modi as a 'Hindu nationalist' leader. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: November 6, 2014 3:03 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 3:59 pm
Indian Prime Narendra Modi on Wednesday joined the world’s most powerful people ranking 15th on the Forbes list with Russian President Vladimir Putin once again beating US President Barack Obama to the top spot.
Russian President Vladimir Putin. (Source: AP photo)
“India’s newest rock star doesn’t hail from Bollywood. He is the newly elected prime minister who sailed into office in May with a landslide victory, ushering the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) into power after decades of control by the Gandhi dynasty,” said the US business magazine of Modi.
Describing Modi as a “Hindu nationalist”, Forbes referred to the 2002 Gujarat riots when he was the state’s chief minister noting he “is credited with massive reconstruction projects in his home state of Gujarat”.
“His administration promises to bring economic rejuvenation to other beleaguered parts of India. The world is as impressed as the citizens of India: So far he’s toured the US and China and met with his Southeast Asian neighbours,” the magazine said.
Other Indians on the list of 72 most powerful people in the world included Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani at 36th, ArcelorMittal Chairman and CEO Lakshmi Mittal at 57th and Microsoft’s Indian-born CEO Satya Nadella at 64th spot.
Besides Modi, the 12 newcomers to this year’s list include Nadella, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon (No. 29), Alibaba CEO Jack Ma (No. 30) and Egyptian President Abdel el-Sisi.
Six of the Most Powerful are from China, three from India, two from Hong Kong, and one is from Taiwan.
Nine of the 72 are women, which is the same number as last year German Chancellor Angela Merkel ranked fifth.
The top five positions are unchanged from last year, with Obama (No. 2) remaining in second place ahead of Communist Party of China’s General Secretary and country’s President Xi Jinping (No. 3), Pope Francis (No.4) and German Chancellor Angela Merkel (No.5).
Rounding out the Top 10 are Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen (No. 6), Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Co-chair Bill Gates (No. 7), European Central Bank President Mario Draghi (No. 8), Google cofounders Larry Page and Sergey Brin (No. 9), and British Prime Minister David Cameron (No. 10).

26/11 call record case: Mumbai police gets govt nod to move HCPrint
The State Chief Information Commissioner, had initiated a judicial inquiry against Police Commissioner Rakesh Maria in connection with the alleged discrepancies in the 26/11 call records. (source: PTI photo/file)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 6, 2014 5:16 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 5:19 pm
In a relief to Mumbai Police Commissioner Rakesh Maria, the  Maharashtra government has allowed city police to move the Bombay High Court to challenge an order passed by the State Chief Information Commissioner, who initiated a judicial inquiry against him in connection with the alleged discrepancies in the 26/11 call records.
“The government has given permission to go and appeal in the Bombay High Court (against the order of the CIC),” Maria told PTI.
An affidavit in this regard would be filed soon after consulting the lawyers concerned, the top cop said.
The city police had approached the State Home Department seeking permission to challenge Chief Information Commissioner Ratnakar Gaikwad’s July order in court.
The transparency watchdog had asked the state government to institute an inquiry headed by a sitting or retired judge under Commission of Inquiry Act to go into why “misleading” information was provided to Vinita Kamte, wife of slain IPS officer Ashok Kamte, by Maria.
“Considering the information available, it looks like in this matter misleading information was provided, deliberately no information was shared or information was destroyed, delays were caused in providing information etc. And the commission agrees with the doubts raised by the complainant (Vinita Kamte),” Gaikwad had said in a scathing  three-page order passed on July 9.
“Hence, I order the state government through the Chief Secretary to initiate an inquiry under the Commission of Enquiry Act 1952 headed by a sitting or retired judge,” the order of the CIC had said.
Maria as Joint Commissioner of Police (Crime Branch) had led the probe into the brazen terror assault launched by 10 Pakistani terrorists  on November 26, 2008 and was heading the police control room for some time during the 72-hour siege.
Vinita Kamte had under RTI sought call logs of wireless conversations between the control room and Kamte’s van in which he was killed with Maharashtra ATS chief Hemant Karkare and encounter specialist Vijay Salaskar.
She had alleged the details were first denied to her. However, when information was provided in November 2009 and February 2010, there were “serious discrepancies”.

Jharkhand elections: Congress complain against BJP candidate for missing deadlinePrint
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi | Posted: November 7, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 2:33 am
The Congress on Thursday complained to the chief electoral officer against the BJP’s Manika candidate, claiming he submitted his nomination papers after the deadline on Wednesday.
Wednesday was the last day to submit nominations for the first of five phases of elections in the state. There had been rumours on Wednesday evening that Hare Krishna Singh had missed the deadline as he had reached the Sub Divisional Magistrate’s office in Maduadandr in Latehar district past the deadline of 3 PM. However, later the same day, news came through that Singh’s papers had been accepted, with the BJP claiming he had reached on time.
On Thursday, a spokesperson for the state unit of the BJP said Singh had reached on time but admitted he had submitted his papers late. “He was in the SDM’s room at 2.45 in the afternoon. He had to wait while another candidate submitted his nomination papers. He finally gave in his papers after 3 PM but the rule says he has to be present before deadline,” said Pradeep Sinha.
Jharkhand’s CEO said he had received the complaint and has called for a report from the District Electoral Officer. “The DEO — the deputy commissioner of Latehar — has been asked to submit a report by Friday evening,” said P.K. Jajoria.
There was more drama in Mahuadandr on Wednesday, after the CEO’s office failed to get in touch with the SDM’s till 8.30 in the night for details of nominations submitted over the day. Mahuadandr, a CPI-Maoist stronghold, is one of the worst-connected blocks in Jharkhand. It was for the first time that nominations were being submitted there.
“Only BSNL works in Mahuadandr and that too, is patchy. The loss of connectivity is not connected to the allegations made by the Congress,” said Jajoria.

Sell gold on rallies to $1 165-70/ozSell gold on rallies to $1,165-70/oz
Gnanasekaar T.
Stop loss: 1185; target:$1070
November 6, 2014:  
Comex gold futures were sharply lower on Thursday, after the Federal Reserve ended its bond-buying stimulus programme on an unexpectedly hawkish note. Gold futures remained range-bound ahead of the European central bank meeting later in the day. A surge in the dollar, in which gold is priced, knocked the metal in recent days. Markets are awaiting the US non-farm payrolls report on Friday, which could turn out to be another key trigger for gold. A strong report could boost the dollar and dull bullion's haven appeal even further. Also concerning is the lack of robust demand in China, the top consumer of the metal, which typically buys a lot of jewellery, bars and coins whenever prices fall. Holdings in SPDR Gold Trust, the top gold-backed exchange-traded fund, have slumped to a fresh six-year low further pressuring prices.
Comex gold futures moved in line with expectations. As cautioned earlier, though short-term picture looks supportive for prices, the weekly picture still shows incredible weakness and any up move could prove to be a corrective one within a larger downtrend. Our favoured view expects resistances to cap for a decline below $1,180 targeting $1,145-50 initially. Near-term support is seen at $1,130 levels. Any failure to hold support here could drag prices towards $1,050 levels in the coming sessions. Any pullbacks could find it difficult to cross $1,160-65 levels in the short-term and only a close above $1,177-82 could turn the picture to neutral. Though the current weakness looks to continue, things will turn cautious below $1,100. Below $1,100 there are various supports which can lead to a stronger retracement upwards.
The wave counts have to be revisited again. A fall below $1,250 has forced us to abandon any bullish hopes and look at a bearish one targeting $1,050. We feel the current moves from $1,175 to $1,435 is a corrective wave four in an impulse which began from the high of $1,920, with a target at $1,020. However, there are many intermediate levels from where good retracement can be seen. The $1,035-70 could prove to be a good intermediate support. Ideally, from this area, a pullback higher towards $1,300 looks likely. RSI is in the oversold zone now indicating a possible upward correction in the offing. The averages in MACD have once again gone below the zero line of the indicator indicating a strong bearish reversal. Only a cross over again above the zero line could hint at hopes of a bullish revival.
Therefore, look to sell Comex gold to rallies to $1165-70 stop loss 1185 targeting $1070.
Supports are at $1130, $ 1110 and $ 1070 and resistances are at $1,160,$1177 and 1195.
The writer is the Director of Commtrendz Research and there is risk of loss in trading.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Pay old rate for RIL KG gas  deposit rest in...You are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Oil ministry may direct RIL-KG basin gas users to pay old rate of $4.20 per unit to producers
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 01.33AM IST
(On October 18, the Cabinet…)
NEW DELHI: The oil ministry may direct users of gas produced from the Reliance Industries-operated KG-D6 block to pay the old rate of $4.20 per unit to the producer and deposit $1.41 per unit in a gas pool account operated by Gail India from this month, government sources said.
On October 18, the Cabinet approved a policy under which the domestic gas price went up from $4.20 per unit to $5.61 from November 1. It also said Reliance will get the old rate of $4.20 per unit from its producing D6 fields pending the final outcome of arbitration and legal proceedings, while consumers will pay $5.61 per unit. As the Cabinet has not specified who would collect the difference, the thinking in the oil ministry is that customers should continue to pay the old price to RIL and deposit the balance $1.41 per unit directly in the Gail-operated gas pool account, the sources cited earlier said.
"The oil ministry is deliberating on the matter with various stakeholders and expects to finalise the mechanism before the billing schedule, which is usually mid month," one source with direct knowledge of the matter said. The oil ministry did not respond to ET's email query.
Sources said the government found legal or technical problems in other options. An alternative is to allow RIL to collect the entire sales proceeds and then deposit the differential amount in the gas pool account. Another option is to ask Gail to collect gas revenues, pay RIL at per the old rate and keep the differential in the gas pool account.
There could be legal problems with the first option because RIL has filed arbitration cases against the government over various disputes related to KG D-6, and allowing it to collect the entire sum could weaken the government's stand.
The second option is technically cumbersome as customers have signed contracts with RIL and not Gail, so the public sector company cannot collect revenues without changing the contracts, sources said.
Gail, which is in the process of setting up a gas pool account as per the Cabinet decision, may also seek a fee to maintain the account, source said. The Cabinet decided that RIL should wait for the final verdict before getting new rates. This is because the arbitration is over the government's power to prevent RIL from recovering its costs on account of a shortfall in production targets. While production sharig contract allows producer to recover costs, the government has disallowed some of the cost recovery on the ground that RIL had failed to produce the promised amount of gas. RIL says the government's action runs contrary to the PSC. "Hence operator would be paid the earlier price of $4.2/mmBtu till the shortfall quantity of gas is made good, " Cabinet said on October 18.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Police to probe security breach during Fadnavis swearing-inpolitics
A complaint has been lodged with the Mumbai police about an alleged breach of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's security cover during the swearing-in ceremony of the Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on October 31.
The alleged security lapse was reported at Mumbai's Wankhede stadium where a person managed to breach the Prime Minister’s security cordon by posing as a party worker.
The person has been identified as Anil Mishra who claims that he was removed from the BJP's Bihar unit recently.
The complaint alleges that Mr. Mishra managed to break the three tier security at the Wankhede stadium. He also managed to get on the dais with the Prime Minister without an entry pass or a valid identity card. Mr. Mishra even clicked pictures with BJP president Amit Shah, Mr. Fadnavis and Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray.
The security lapse is being probed by the police.

Tata Global Beverages declines after weak Q2 earningsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Channing Tatum wants anotherbabyBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:09 am
Superstar Channing Tatum wants to have another baby with actress wife Jenna Dewan-Tatum.
The couple, who already have 17-month-old daughter Everly, were going to wait to expand their family but may change their plans in the wake of the news that the brunette beauty’s TV series, ‘Witches of East End,’ has been axed by Lifetime, reported Contactmusic.
“I don’t think very, very soon, but it really depends if Jenna’s show gets picked up for a third season. Then we would probably wait,” he said just before the announcement. The 34-year-old star also revealed he wants to leave Los Angeles and move to nearby Ojai, California, but Jenna is hesitant. “I would be immensely happy. I just love the country,” he said.

Rajnath Singh  Netanyahu review cooperation in combatingterrorPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Tel Aviv | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:07 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 3:38 pm
Contending that terror is a global menace, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Home Minister Rajnath Singh here have reviewed existing cooperation and future possibilities of enhancing engagement in dealing with the threat.
Both the leaders also expressed their countries’ keenness to strengthen ties , with Netanyahu emphasising that he “believes that relations between the two countries were poised for rapid development” following his meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in September in New York.
India and Israel share very warm & cordial bilateral relations. We look forward to strengthen it further.
— Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) November 6, 2014
During that meeting, the Israeli Premier had said that “sky is the limit” in terms of prospects of cooperation between the two countries.
Singh and Netanyahu discussed the regional situation and the evolving threats to the global communities from terror.
Singh said terror was a threat not only to countries like India and Israel but to the whole world.
Vowing to strengthen India’s “very warm” relations with Israel, Singh on his first bilateral visit to Israel said, “India and Israel share very warm and cordial bilateral relations. We look forward to strengthen it further”.
Fresh from his participation at Interpol General Assembly in Monaco, Singh said that he also made a strong pitch for cooperation in the field of cyber security during his one hour conversation with the Israeli Premier.
Singh was earlier widely quoted in the press for highlighting the use of social media for indoctrination by Jihadi elements and the urgent need to device ways to curb this practice through the use of internet.
He also made a special reference to Modi’s “Make in India” initiative and invited Israeli industries, including the defence sector, to take advantage of the investment friendly policies adopted by the new government.
Expressing satisfaction at the growth in bilateral ties in a range of areas, including defence and agriculture, Singh noted that signing of agreements recently in the area of Homeland security had opened another sector for mutually beneficial cooperation.
Singh particularly emphasised on the importance of capacity building and training in this context.
Israeli Border Outpost: Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh with the female soldiers during his visit to a Israeli border outpost at the International Border in Israel on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh during a meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at Tel Aviv in Israel on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh prays at the Judaism's holy site, 'Western Wall' during his visit to Israel in Jerusalem on Friday. (Source: PTI)

Pune girl among 12 finalists in Googles 2014 doodlecontestVaidehi and her doodle on Assam (below)
Written by Prasad Joshi | Pune | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:05 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 10:07 am
Vaidehi Reddy, a Class IX student from Army Public School, Pune has been selected as one of the 12 finalists in Google’s 2014 doodle competition and Puneites have a chance to vote for the imaginative art of the girl before public voting ends on November 10.
The Google competition’s theme this year was, ‘A place in India I wish to visit’ and Vaidehi in her doodle design has portrayed Assam as a ‘natural and cultural paradise’.
“I had gone to Assam in 2011 along with my parents during school vacations. I found the place beautiful as it is rich in terms of both nature and culture. As soon as I heard the theme for Google’s 2014 doodle competition, I made up my mind to portray Assam in my design,” Vaidehi told Newsline.
The competition is being held for three different categories of students (Class I-III, Class IV-VI and Class VII-X), and Google will select one overall national winner based on public voting, with the winning doodle slated to be displayed on the Google India homepage for 24 hours on Children’s Day (November 14). Artistic merit, creativity and theme communication have been laid down as some of the judging criteria for the doodle design.
“I love drawing and started making sketches when I was in Class III. I am an average student, but always remember the words of my English teacher, who advised me to follow my heart and not bother about criticism. The Google competition served as a perfect platform for expressing my love towards drawing,” says Vaidehi, who has bagged awards for her drawings.
Vaidehi’s mother, Gayaatri, is proud of the fact that her daughter has made it to the top 12 from among thousands of competitors. “Vaidehi may be slow in studies, but it does not prevent her from becoming a gifted and creative artist. People generally assume that if someone is slow to react, he or she is dumb and such individuals are often left behind in our education system and the society at large. My daughter, with the art she is endowed with, is a role-model for others,” she said.
Gayaatri, whose husband is a Lieutenant Colonel with the Indian Army, appealed for public votes for Vaidehi so she can become the final winner.
The other 11 finalists are from different parts of the country, including Mumbai, Rajkot , Faridabad, Kottayam, Kolkata, Vizag, Bhopal and Bengaluru.

Sachin-Jigars latest album: Recycled  heard-beforemelodiesBut what has been a problem is their recycled, heard-before melodies that somehow get overlooked by some smart arrangement.
Written by Sankhayan Ghosh | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:03 am
Composers: Sachin-Jigar
Lyricists: Priya Saraiya, Amitabh Bhattacharya, Ashish Pandit
Rating: HHH
Sachin-Jigar have been among the few exciting names in Hindi film music for a while, showing an ability to blend a fresh indie feel with the standard Bollywood chartbuster. Although they aren’t the pioneers in this, they have been surprisingly original and versatile. I can’t remember a composition that I can completely trash. But what has been a problem is their recycled, heard-before melodies that somehow get overlooked by some smart arrangement.
The same problem carries on in this album as well. Barring a couple of songs, nothing sounds like a completely original piece. There’s that familiar feel to the tracks, as though the composers were given a reference point and asked to recreate the magic. This problem is apparent in the album’s first song ‘Mileya mileya’ — think Rekha Bhardwaj and lounge music. It is nice and easy on the ears. But there’s nothing we haven’t heard before.
‘Paaji tussi’ such a pussy cat is like the album’s equivalent of ‘Khoon choos’ le from ‘Go Goa Gone’, a humorous take on the protagonist’s plight. The composers do a clever juxtaposition of Punjabi-heavy lyrics and what is a bluesy and country-music sound. Bhattacharya’s lyrics, as always, are funny and lucid and his caricature-like singing is delightful. ‘Jaise mera tu’ suffers from the same problem of familiarity. Where the composers nail it is ‘G phaad k’, the dance number starring Govinda.
This is a genre where the composers have excelled. The formula is same — a very catchy central tune, weaving a hypnotic club sound, full of auto tuned voices and samples, playing on loop.
‘Khamma ghani’, a Marwari phrase for greeting, has a beautiful hook. Papon always lends a personality to a song and it works wonderfully in this case. It is a potential earworm but the hook sounds similar to that of Saibo, one of the composers’ best songs. It makes me wonder if they don’t see it themselves. It’s disappointing because here it forms the skeletal of the song.
‘Haseena tu kameena’ main has some RnB and it can be enjoyable as a casual listen. The album does have a happy ending after all. If you don’t mind it much, there are a couple of songs that will warrant repeat listening, but there is still that niggling feeling that it could be so much more.

Malin landslide compensation package faces legalhurdlesPrint
Written by Nisha Nambiar | Mumbai | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:02 am
The district administration has taken legal recourse over the issue of disbursal of compensation to families affected by the Malin landslide in cases where the appropriate legal heir has been hard to be found, such as in the case of one family, 19 members of which were killed in the tragedy. District officials said that there are seven such cases.
The administration has also not yet received the complete amount from the Chief Minister’s Fund or the Prime Minister’s Fund, both of which had been promised for the families of those killed.
“We were to receive Rs 7.52 crore under the Chief Minister’s Fund and Rs 3.2 crore under the PM Fund. We have received only Rs 2 crore under the CM Fund and Rs 2.38 crore under the PM Fund. We are doing our follow-up,” said district official B Gore who is executing the compensation disbursal.
Some very distant relatives of the family with 19 deceased members came forward to claim the compensation amount. “We decided to approach the court so that it is done legally. Similar cases have been observed in the remaining cases, so we thought it is better to approach the court so that the compensation is given to the appropriate heir after the court decides the matter,” said the official.

District admn faces hurdles over Malin compensations  approachescourtThe Malin landslide claimed 151 lives and the destroyed 176 houses.
Written by Nisha Nambiar | Pune | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:01 am
The district administration has taken legal recourse over the issue of disbursal of compensation to families affected by the Malin landslide in cases where the appropriate legal heir has been hard to pinpoint, such as in the case of one family, 19 members of which were killed in the tragedy. District officials said that there are seven such cases.
The administration has also not yet received the complete amount from the Chief Minister’s Fund or the Prime MInister’s Fund, both of which had promised relief for relatives of those killed.
“We were to receive Rs 7.52 crore under the Chief Minister’s Fund and Rs 3.2 crore under the PM Fund. We have received only Rs 2 crore under the CM Fund and Rs 2.38 crore under the PM Fund. We are doing our follow-up for the same,” said the district official B Gore who is executing the compensation for the families.
Some very distant relatives of the family with 19 deceased members came forward to claim the compensation amount. “We decided to approach the court so that it is done legally. Similar cases have been observed in the remaining cases, so we thought it is better to approach the court so that the compensation is given to the appropriate heir after the court decides the matter,” said the official.
The amounts have been put as fixed deposit and the survivors are getting a monthly interest  and have also been counselled, and companies have come forward for their training and recruitment.
The landslide had caused the death of 151 persons and the destruction of 176 houses in the area. “We have disbursed the compensation which came to us and are awaiting the remaining amount,” said the official.
Besides cash, other kinds of compensation including both temporary and permanent shelters for the survivors have been allotted.
The administration had earlier announced Jhanzarewadi as the permanent rehabilitation site, for which the administration had got 8 acres after getting the Geological Survey of India’s approval.
However, there have been some issues with villagers who are keen on a site near their village — Kashalwadi. “This site is once again on a hilly terrain and there is not much land available for the rehabilitation process. We require 8 acres and the available land on survey is only 3.75 acres. This will not suffice,’’ pointed out officials.
The villagers are to meet the officials on Sunday to discuss the site issue and the district administration officials said that the site will only be confirmed after GSI verification. “The earlier site of Jhanzarewadi is appropriate and there is enough land in the area and is approved by GSI. We will try and convince the villagers,” say the officials.

Temple town Varanasi awaits big announcements ahead of PM Modi s visitYou are here: Home > Collections > Announcements
Varanasi awaits big announcements during PM Narendra Modi's visit
Manmohan Rai, ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 10.20AM IST
Tags:
Banarasi zari sarees
(The PM will also lay the foundation…)
VARANASI: The temple town is buzzing with excitement ahead of Narendra Modi's maiden visit on Friday to his constituency after becoming the prime minister.
Residents of the city are waiting for some big announcements. Lady luck has already smiled on the Jayapur village that will be formally adopted by the PM under the 'Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana'. Modi will also interact with villagers and may make a short public speech.
The PM will also lay the foundation stone of a Weavers Trade Facilitation Centre and a crafts museum aimed at uplifting the lot of weavers and craftsmen.
The weavers' centre would work as a centre for design and production of handlooms. It will also function as a platform for small weavers to directly sell their produce to big buyers, eliminating middlemen and increasing their profit.
Interestingly, majority of the weavers hail from the Muslim community, making intricate Banarasi zari sarees . Many OBCs are also involved in the ancient art of weaving.
Although no official confirmation was forthcoming, Modi was likely to formally announce the opening up of the 1,602-km-long 'Allahabad to Haldia via Varanasi' waterway. Some vessels have already sailed on a trial basis on the route, which is operational only till outer Ramnagar in Varanasi . He may also elaborate on the Varanasi-Kyoto pact between the two ancient cities of India and Japan to develop them with modern tech while leaving their ancient heritage untouched.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No policy paralysis in Modi govt: Anand Mahi...Anand Mahindra
(Mahindra said that the government…)
NEW DELHI: Mahindra group chairman and co-chair of the WEF's India Economic Summit Anand Mahindra said that the biggest question among investors enthused by the Modi administration's first five months in power is whether it can implement its business-friendly agenda."Everyone believes that this is a ship that is stable, not facing storms or in any imminent danger of keeling over. Everybody is waiting for evidence of wind in our sails," he said at the summit's closing plenary.
Mahindra said that the government had quelled the curiosity of investors about its reform roadmap to some extent, but some concerns remain. "The most common question is will these (plans) really take off under this government. My answer is, at a personal level, I have experienced the expediting of things that have been stalled. Paralysis is not an adjective you can apply to the government of India anymore," said the chief of the $16.5 billion conglomerate.
Mahindra said that he had flagged this refrain of half disbelief he heard at the summit with environment minister Prakash Javadekar on Wednesday, who gave him more evidence of tangible action.
"The minister gave me a whole list of cases in which clearances have been given to stalled projects without violating environmental standards. It was simply the will to clear files that were stuck," he said.
"We cannot recall the last time a PM said that business is in his blood. That's a remarkable statement of intent and possibly a risky politically loaded statement," Mahindra said, adding that the ministers who attended the summit have shown that the government is ready to listen and learn. The dominant motivation for investors to come to the Summit was the "enormous curiousity about who is Mr Modi, what is his gameplan, who is this leader who has come with a loud noise and big bang on to the world stage", the summit co-chair said, adding that the government came across with a new energy and new business-friendly agenda that was sensed by most investors present at the summit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty rangebound; top twelve stocks in focusSensex slips over 100 points, Nifty tests 8300; top twelve stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 7, 2014, 11.26AM IST
Tags:
AstraZeneca
(50-share Nifty index came…)
NEW DELHI: After starting on a muted note, the S&P BSE Sensex slipped over 130 points in trade on Friday, led by losses in HDFC Bank, L&T, SBI, ITC and M&M.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under bit of pressure and was trading near its crucial psychological support level of 8300, weighed down by losses in banks, metals, oil & gas and capital goods stocks .
At 11:25 am, the Sensex was at 27,826.39; down 89.49 points.
The Nifty was at 8,319.15; down 19.15 points.
"We maintain our view that the trend is strongly bullish and we continue to mention the near term targets of 8450 - 8550 levels, which is the 127% 'Price Extension' zone," said Angel Broking note.
"Last two day's movement can be considered as a breather before the next leap. 8300 - 8250 are likely to act as important support levels for the Nifty," the report added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was 0.40 per cent higher and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.67 per cent.
The S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 0.86 per cent, the S&P BSE Auto Index rose 0.31 per cent and the S&P BSE FMCG Index advanced 0.35 per cent.
The S&P BSE Healthcare Index declined 0.39 per cent and the S&P BSE Oil & gas Index was 0.19 per cent lower.
DLF (up 3.27 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 1.52 per cent), HCL Tech (up 0.92 per cent), Axis Bank (up 0.88 per cent) and L&T (up 0.85 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Hero MotoCorp (2.78 per cent), Sun Pharma (2.75 per cent), NMDC (1.38 per cent), M&M (1.19 per cent) and HDFC Bank (0.98 per cent) were among the major losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 817 gainers against 496 losers.
The Asian markets were in the green following a positive close on the Wall Street. Japan's Nikkei 225 index was up 0.35 per cent, Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was 0.10 per cent higher, Shanghai Composite moved 0.59 per cent higher and Taiwan Weighted moved up 0.29 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

<a href="/markets/stocks/news/heres-what-investors-should-expect-from-lt-q2-results-due-on-friday/articleshow/45056342.cms" style="color:#c31717" target="_blank"><b>L&T results; what investors could watch out for</b></a>You are here: Home > Collections
Here's what investors should expect from L&T Q2 results due on Friday
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 6, 2014, 02.22PM IST
Tags:
L&T
(India's largest engineering…)
NEW DELHI: Larsen & Toubro Ltd (L&T) is scheduled to report its results for the quarter ended September 30 on Friday.
India's largest engineering and construction company is expected to report a 14 per cent YoY growth in standalone net profit number to Rs 984 crore for the quarter ended September 30, as compared to Rs 865 crore reported in the year-ago period, said an ET Now Poll.
The company did not report consolidated numbers last year so there is no year-on-year comparison available.
On a standalone basis, net sales are likely to grow by 12 per cent to Rs 13,731 crore for the second quarter of the current fiscal year, as compared to Rs 12,308 crore reported in the year-ago period.
EBIDTA is seen at Rs 1,500 crore, or a 26 per cent rise in the second quarter of the financial year 2015, compared to Rs 1,190 crore reported in the year ago period. EBITDA margins are likely to expand to 10.9 per cent as compared to 9.7 per cent reported in the year ago period.
Factors to Watch:
Expect Rs 35,000 crore of order inflow for Q2 L&T announced Rs 21,500 cr of orders in Q2 Hydrocarbons, Forgings, and Shipyard losses are likely to impact consolidated results Higher expenses, finance costs, high tax rates will impact PAT
Guidance:
20 per cent of order inflow for FY15 15 per cent revenue growth guidance for FY15
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rajanth Singh  Benjamin Netanyahu review cooperation in combating terrorTel Aviv, November 7, 2014
Updated: November 7, 2014 14:36 IST
Rajnath Singh, Benjamin Netanyahu review cooperation in combating terror
PTI
Tweet
PTI Home Minister Rajnath Singh with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at a meeting in Jerusalem on Thursday.
PTI Home Minister Rajnath Singh with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at a meeting in Jerusalem on Thursday.
TOPICS
defence
Contending that terror is a global menace, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Home Minister Rajnath Singh in Tel Aviv have reviewed existing cooperation and future possibilities of enhancing engagement in dealing with the threat.
Both the leaders also expressed their countries’ keenness to strengthen ties, with Mr. Netanyahu emphasising that he “believes that relations between the two countries were poised for rapid development” following his meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in September in New York.
During that meeting, the Israeli Premier had said that “sky is the limit” in terms of prospects of cooperation between the two countries.
Mr. Singh and Mr. Netanyahu discussed the regional situation and the evolving threats to the global communities from terror.
Mr. Singh said terror was a threat not only to countries like India and Israel but to the whole world.
Vowing to strengthen India’s “very warm” relations with Israel, Mr. Singh on his first bilateral visit to Israel said, “India and Israel share very warm and cordial bilateral relations. We look forward to strengthen it further”.
Fresh from his participation at Interpol General Assembly in Monaco, Mr. Singh told PTI that he also made a strong pitch for cooperation in the field of cyber security during his one hour conversation with the Israeli Premier.
Mr. Singh was earlier widely quoted in the press for highlighting the use of social media for indoctrination by Jihadi elements and the urgent need to device ways to curb this practice through the use of internet.
He also made a special reference to Modi’s “Make in India” initiative and invited Israeli industries, including the defence sector, to take advantage of the investment friendly policies adopted by the new government.
Expressing satisfaction at the growth in bilateral ties in a range of areas, including defence and agriculture, Mr. Singh noted that signing of agreements recently in the area of Homeland security had opened another sector for mutually beneficial cooperation.
Mr. Singh particularly emphasised on the importance of capacity building and training in this context.
“The future emphasis should be to build a hi-tech partnership befitting two leading knowledge economies,” the Indian leader said.
Both leaders also agreed that the Free Trade Agreement (FTA) under discussion between the two sides should also be signed early.
Mr. Netanyahu briefed the Indian Home Minister on technologies that had been developed by Israel in areas such as aviation security, border protection and water harvesting.
Responding favourably to Mr. Modi’s ‘Make in India’ initiative, the Israeli leader said that his country is ready and willing to discuss transfer and development of technologies with India.
“Israeli industries, including the defence industries, could ‘make in India’ and thereby reduce costs of manufacturing products and systems developed by Israel,” the Israeli Premier said.
The Israeli leader also expressed willingness to send a delegation from Israeli industries to visit India to explore manufacturing opportunities in different sectors.
Mr. Singh, in this context, proposed exploring together third country markets in Africa and Latin America, where Indian industry has a strong presence.
The Indian Home Minister earlier yesterday took a helicopter tour of the Jordan Valley and Israel’s northern and southern Region with National Security Adviser Yossi Cohen to get a sense of the security situation in the region.
Mr. Cohen had recently met Mr. Singh in New Delhi and discussed “common challenges” faced by the two countries and their solutions, emphasising his country’s “willingness to expand cooperation in all fields and in any level”.
Israel has extended a red carpet welcome for the Indian leader making several exceptions which are reserved only for heads of states.
Mr. Singh was also hosted by Israel’s Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovich on Thursday evening.

Sensex Edges Lower  Bank Stocks WeighYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Trade Flat; Bank Stocks Weigh
NDTV | Updated On: November 07, 2014 10:02 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
BSE Sensex and Nifty traded flat on Friday with profit-taking in banking stocks weighing on the markets. Weak Asian markets also weighed on the sentiment.
The Sensex was down 5 points to 27,911 while Nifty was almost unchanged at 8,338. However, buying was seen in broader markets, with BSE midcap and smallcap indices edging higher.
Market analyst Sarvendra Srivastava says Nifty is likely to trade in the 8200-8350 range in the near term. If the dollar index rises further it could pressurize global markets and could weigh on Indian markets, he added.
Banking stocks came under some pressure today after their outperformance in the recent rally. The Bank Nifty rallied close to 12 per cent in the past 12 sessions on hopes of an earlier-than-expected rate cut from the RBI.
SBI, HDFC Bank, PNB and Kotak Mahindra Bank were down between 0.6 per cent and 1.5 per cent.
Also weighing on Nifty, Sun Pharma fell nearly 1.8 per cent after US FDA revoked a tentative approval for Ranbaxy Laboratories' two drugs.
Sun Pharmaceuticals has agreed to acquire Ranbaxy Laboratories, which fell nearly 5 per cent.
Hero MotoCorp fell 2.5 per cent after reports said that US private investment firm Bain Capital is selling $200 million worth of shares of the two-wheeler manufacturer at a discount to the previous closing price.
Some buying was seen in IT stocks after Cognizant forecast revenue above estimates. Infosys shares were up over 1 per cent.
DLF, up 3 per cent, was the biggest gainer among Nifty stocks after the Securities Appellate Tribunal on Wednesday allowed the real estate developer to redeem Rs 1,806 crore in mutual fund investments.
Asian shares wobbled in early trading on Friday, while the euro wallowed around two-year lows after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi vowed to take more easing steps to spark growth in the euro zone.
Investors were likely to remain cautious ahead of the key US nonfarm payrolls report later in the session. Solid gains in employment would increase speculation that the US Federal Reserve could raise US interest rates in the middle of next year.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down about 0.1 per cent in early trading, while Japan's Nikkei stock average rose 0.6 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: November 07, 2014 09:58 (IST)

12 Innovative Social Media Tips to Better Connect with Customers (and Separate Yourself from the Competition)reddit
In what new ways are you using social media to reach your audience that sets you apart from larger competitors?
The following answers are provided by the Young Entrepreneur Council (YEC) , an invite-only organization comprised of the world's most promising young entrepreneurs. In partnership with Citi, YEC recently launched StartupCollective , a free virtual mentorship program that helps millions of entrepreneurs start and grow businesses.
A. Reacting Quickly
We are more nimble because our social media experts can react quickly without going through many layers of approval. Whether it's a quick ALS Ice Bucket Challenge that we post while the genre is still hot, or a great property we just listed that we want to showcase, we can be in the moment, at that very moment. - Kuba Jewgieniew , Realty ONE Group
A. Engaging Customers Across All Platforms
We engage heavily with our customers on all major social platforms. We believe responding to questions and acknowledging great comments creates a true relationship between our brand and customers. It also allows the customer to see the personality of our company, which is extremely important to us. - Mark Samuel , Fitmark
A. Taking Advantage of Other Resources
We create a "Top 5" list every month for user-generated content campaigns. This includes campaigns that weren't done by our company. It's important to think of your vertical as a community. And as a member of the community, it's your job to provide as much value as you can. Often, you are able to do that with your product or service. Other times, it's acting as an expert curator. - Adam Stillman , SparkReel
A. Offering Live Coaching Sessions
We often get asked questions from our audience on Twitter and LinkedIn. When we notice an interesting question, we invite them to a free webinar coaching session, where they have the chance to ask questions and practice directly with me. There's no veiled sales pitch or pseudo-consultation, just pure value. Large competitors don't offer that kind of live access to founders and executives. - Steli Efti , Close.io
A. Connecting With Interesting People in Related Spaces
Following people on Twitter really gets their attention. We follow people in big data, biology and health to cover all of our bases. - Jessica Richman , UBiome
A. Focusing on Personalized Interactions With Customers
Social is a great tool for us to cultivate relationships with our customers and prospects. Instead of using social media to send out general posts to the masses, we constantly incorporate creative ways to communicate with our customers on a one-on-one basis. This simple approach is more sincere and impactful. It lets them know we are thinking about them and that they are important to us. - Brock Stechman , DivvyHQ
A. Helping Others Through Twitter Search
For my site WPBeginner, I use Twitter's search feature to monitor the hashtag WordPress and answer any questions that come up. This helps in building great user engagement, and I've built quite a following by offering to help users. - Syed Balkhi , OptinMonster
A. Making Sure There's Engaging Content Behind Your Links
Sometimes companies just throw up posts on social media sites for the sake of it, without being intentional about what they're linking to. We make sure that we carefully curate the external links that we're sharing and spend time crafting engaging content, such as blog posts, that aren't thinly disguised sales pitches. That way we're offering value to anyone who engages us via social media. - Grant Gordon , Solomon Consulting Group
A. Leveraging Partnerships
Seeing that most social media channels were saturated, we pursued a partnership with Venmo. Now when users cash out, they can choose to donate a portion of their money to provide life-changing medical treatment for one person. When they do that, a message is automatically shared to their feed encouraging others to do the same. - Mark Arnoldy , Possible
A. Using Direct Messaging
We're using the old ways in our social media approach to set ourselves apart. We leverage Twitter as a lead generation tool to take connections offline. We frequently DM (Direct Message) industry contacts to get their email to set up calls or coffee dates. While we understand the power of social media, we believe the most meaningful connections happen in person, and we incorporate this into our strategy. - Carrie Rich , The Global Good Fund
A. Spreading Knowledge
Larger competitors tend to promote their product or service more often than not. I, on the other hand, like to spread knowledge for people to learn from instead. In many cases, I end up with people coming to me looking for business as the knowledge has asserted expertise in the field. - Stanley Meytin , True Film Production
A. Hosting Twitter Chats
Hosting and being involved in Twitter chats is a great way to show personality, find out what people are looking for and see how your business stacks up to the competition. - Brooke Bergman , Allied Business Network Inc.
Follow Young Entrepreneur Council on Twitter: www.twitter.com/YEC
More:

Salman is upset with Puneet s comebackCelebrity
Sushant Divgikar bows out of Bigg Boss Season 8
Seven weeks inside the Bigg Boss house is no easy feat! And after spending as much time in the Bigg Boss house, it is now Sushant Divgikar’s turn to return to the outside world as he finds himself eliminated from the show.
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s ... more 
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s gang, Sushant was friendly with them all. less 
1 / 30

Manohar Parrikar set to join Modi s cabinetParrikar set to become Modi's cabinet minister
By Mayabhushan Nagvenkar | IANS –  Thu 6 Nov, 2014
Print
Panaji, Nov 6 (IANS) Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar Thursday virtually confirmed his elevation to the union cabinet even as the BJP legislators are expected to meet Friday to discuss his successor.
While Parrikar is being tipped for the key defence ministry portfolio, one of the two held by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, the 58-year-old Parrikar said he had been instructed by BJP president Amit Shah to accept any responsibility entrusted by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Parrikar, however, told the media that the portfolio he is to get had not been revealed to him yet.
"Amit Shah told me to accept any assigment given to me by the prime minister. The second part is the prerogative of the prime minister," said Parrikar, ending the speculation of his appointment as a cabinet minister.
Parrikar, along with state party president Vinay Tendulkar and organising secretary Satish Dhond, met Shah Wednesday in New Delhi, fuelling speculation about Parrikar's inclusion in the union cabinet, which is set for an expansion Sunday.
Parrikar said the BJP's parliamentary board, the highest decision making body in the party, would take a final call on issues related to cabinet expansion Saturday morning.
"On 8th morning many issues will be clear to you," Parrikar said, adding that he was forced to address the media Thursday to steer clear of speculation.
Since Wednesday, Goa has been abuzz about the possibility of Parrikar becoming the first politician from the state, often considered politically insignificant, to be a full fledged cabinet minister in New Delhi.
Goa already has representation in the central ministry in form of North Goa MP Shripad Naik, who is the union minister of state (independent charge) for tourism and culture.
It has also been represented in the central ministry earlier by Ramakant Khalap and Eduardo Faleiro.
Cafes, bars, bus stands, the social media and other public spaces have been discussing the whens and hows of having Parrikar, a popular leader in Goa, in the central cabinet.
Parrikar, who said he had mixed feelings about his elevation, argued that the call of the nation was greater than that of a state.
Parrikar also said he had expressed his apprehensions about being elevated to central governance to Shah.
"One reservation is obviously because I am elected from the state for a five-year term with a popular mandate. Obviously my feeling was that unless I complete my term it is not exactly not right on my part to leave in the middle," said Parrikar, who is chief minister for a third time.
Parrikar did not say much about his successor but said the appointment would have to be made before Nov 9 when the new ministers in the expanded cabinet are expected to be sworn in.
Party sources, however, said that in addition to three frontline leaders, the candidature of Shripad Naik could not be ruled out.
Forever playing second fiddle to Parrikar in his political career, Naik could be expected to relinquish his post in the union ministry and take charge in Goa.
"This has to be time for Shripad to assert himself, especially in the absence of Parrikar," said a supporter of Naik.
Naik has been the only organic BJP leader of some stature who has publicly dissented against Parrikar in recent times.
The other contenders for the chief minister's post are Speaker Rajendra Arlekar, Health Minister Laxmikant Parsenkar and Deputy Chief Minister Francis D'Souza.
Arlekar has solid Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) credentials and also enjoys the confidence of Parrikar.
One potential blip on his record, however, is a petition by a lawyer activist accusing the speaker of allegedly amassing disproportionate assets.
Parsenkar has been a state chief of the BJP on two occasions and like Arlekar has traditionally enjoyed the confidence of Parrikar.
On Wednesday, both Arlekar and Parsenkar said they were not actively gunning for the top slot.
D'Souza, who has avoided the media, has in the past been a rallying point for dissenting legislators within the BJP, especially the Catholic legislators.
He is also one of BJP's oldest minority faces. While his inconsistent health is a matter of concern, his appointment as chief minister could help the party appease the state's 26 percent Catholic population.
Recommend

New RBI rules: How to use your ATM effectively  Article: 6 things to know about protecting debit cards
Simplus Information Services - Tue 4 Nov, 2014 12:49 PM IST
From facing the long peak hour traffic to pollution galore and a generally stressful life, residents of metropolitan cities, have another thing to worry about from December 1, 2014. Residents of six metropolitan cities would now have to check their monthly ATM transactions as the Reserve Bank of India has issued new guidelines for ATM usage which effectively limit the number of free monthly ATM transactions. 
So, if you are one of those, using bank ATMs for frequent cash withdrawals, it’s time to change your habit for good to avoid any unnecessary charges.
Understanding New RBI ATM Transaction Rules:
According to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, all savings bank account holders in metropolitan cities would be allowed five transactions from ATMs of their banks inclusive of cash withdrawals, mini statement and change of personal identification number or PIN number or balance enquiry. The RBI guidelines though initially restricted free transactions to three per month when using ATMs of other banks effect from 1st November 2014, later there was a relaxation to the policy allowing banks to fix their stipulated free ATM transactions. Since RBI has indicated that it has laid down guidelines for minimum free ATM transactions per month for people living in six metropolitan cities including Mumbai, Delhi, Bengaluru, Chennai, Hyderabad and Kolkata, the final decision on decided the upper limit in the number of free bank ATM transactions lie with the respective banks. The number of free transactions from non-home ATMs is also reduced to three.
Restricting ATM Usage to Increase Bank Footfall and Online Transactions:
ATMs were introduced in an attempt to ease the footfall and rush in the banks allowing people an effective and easy way to withdraw and deposit cash. Now with the free ATM usage restrictions being streamlined, experts feel that it would mean going to the olden days when banks were crowded and even a small banking transaction like withdrawing money would mean visiting the bank branch and standing in a queue, especially the middle aged individuals and seniors are reluctant to use online medium.  On the other hand with banks churning out high expenses for managing their ATMs across the country by employing security guards and security cameras and other expenses to avoid theft and robbery attempts, limiting the number of free transactions may not entirely be an unjustified move, and banks will have to release part of this burden to users.
Banks Move:
Following the guidelines SBI has announced their decision to levy charges for above 5 ATM usages a month, while the charges are not revealed. Other banks in both the public and private sectors are still to make decisions regarding this and are in a wait-n-watch mode. Though they are yet to make a decision on the fee, banks are likely to adopt a decision soon and reviewing the patterns, as they have the permission from RBI and also as an attempt to balance the expenses they are facing in maintaining ATMs. Compared to private sector banks, the public sector banks are likely to come up with quick decisions in this regard, as already some banks like the Bank of India has commented about this to media. But some sources reveal that HNI clients of banks may be freed from this charging.
A Little Care to Save:
Forthe metroites it is time to change their ATM usage habit as sooner or later the banks may embrace the new RBI guidelines. Here are some tips for individual account holders to minimize their bank ATM usage and avoid payment on an ATM usage fee for exceeding the free usage limit.
Restrict ATM usage: A lot of people visit the ATM located outside their bank branch for cash withdrawals. If you are having this habit for convenience, or if other bank ATM is located close to your office, it is time to change your way. Also, next time when you are about to withdraw a good chunk of money, use the teller’s service inside the branch instead of ATM.
Do not use ATM for mini statement or balance enquiry: Many people have the habit of using ATMs for checking the account balance or getting access to their account mini statement while on the go. And there can be many unwanted visits, especially if you have an ATM close to your office. While technology is making a convenient checking option at your finger tips, using Smartphones and tablets, isn’t it sensible to acoid this old habit? Instead of checking statement or account balance from an ATM get access to online or mobile banking for getting a complete insight into your account. People using Smartphone can install the official bank application of their bank and check their account balance and statement while on the move.
Avoid cash transactions: Prevention is better than cure goes the famous saying. Try avoiding cash transactions wherever possible. Opting any from the multiple other methods of payments like using credit cards, debit cards, cheque or NEFT to make sure you limit the number of ATM transactions per month.
Withdraw higher quantum of cash per ATM visit: If you are one of those withdrawing small amount of cash per each ATM visit, it time to change the habit for good. Make sure you withdraw substantial amount for every ATM transaction so as to limit your frequent ATM visits. Since the number of free ATM transactions is limited to five per month for the home bank branch, it is a good idea to withdraw enough cash from the ATM that can manage your financial needs for at least a week.
 
BankBazaar.com is an online marketplace for your personal loan, home loan and car loan needs.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER
Tips to use your ATM effectively
From facing the long peak hour traffic to pollution galore and a generally stressful life, residents of metropolitan cities now have another thing to worry about. Residents of six metropolitan cities would now have to check their monthly ATM transactions as the Reserve Bank of India has issued new guidelines for ATM usage which effectively […] More » Tips to use your ATM effectively
Five best ways to save on tax in your 20s
Today 20s is considered as the best time of one’s life as unlike yesteryears today’s youngsters get highly paid jobs fast. Twenties is also a care free period with less dependants and responsibilities to worry about. But many youngsters often commit the mistake of spending their earnings lavishly and are least bothered about the money […] More » Five best ways to save on tax in your 20s
Local retailers go online to fight for a piece of sales pie
With online retailers like Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal making all the news, local retailers are worried about of losing customers and gradually deteriorating figures. The fall out between local retailers and online e-commerce websites which had been brewing for a long time eventually came to a showdown after local retailers officially complained to the government […] More » Local retailers go online to fight for a piece of sales pie
All about `Undivided Share of Land’ !
Buying a real estate or a new property requires a holistic approach. From choosing the right location to the right size of the property and the right developer, there are a lot of factors that a buyer needs to address to get the perfect property.Many buyers often decide on their purchase based on built up […] More » All about `Undivided Share of Land’ !
Make optimum use of LTA
Almost everyone loves a vacation to take a break from the monotonous life. While going on a vacation with one’s family is a great idea, not many people know how to make best use of Leave Travel Allowance, not just for travel reimbursements, but to claim tax benefit for it. It is only during the […] More » Make optimum use of LTA
Fixed or floating interest rate: Which is ideal for your home loan now?
“To be or not to be, that is the question” said Shakespeare in his play Hamlet. The same could very well be considered true when it comes to selecting home loan interest rates. Ravi and his wife Sejal, a working couple from Ahmedabad had shortlisted their dream home. The couple approached a bank for a […] More » Fixed or floating interest rate: Which is ideal for your home loan now?
Make the best of festive offers when shopping online!
Online shopping has become extremely popular in recent times. More and more people are resorting to this mode of shopping owing to the convenience and speed it offers. Retailers have understood this trend and many offline stores have also started online portals, offering their products through the web. In this scenario, it is not surprising […] More » Make the best of festive offers when shopping online!
What is interim security in home loans?
As property values are sky rocketing in the metros and other Tier 2 cities of the country, taking a home loan has become a Hobson’s choice for most buyers. Banks advance 80%-85% of the property value in the form of a home loan, depending on the borrower’s individual borrowing eligibility. As in the case of […] More » What is interim security in home loans?
New rules for ATM usage from November!
Many people have a habit of withdrawing small amounts of money from the ATM to curb spending tendencies, but often end up with a high frequency of withdrawals. There are some others who are reluctant to use net banking or mobile banking facilities and depend on ATMs for checking account balance. If you happen to […] More » New rules for ATM usage from November!
When is the best time to take a life insurance policy?
Most youngsters ignore life insurance mainly because of they feel, it’s not required for them. They take life insurance simply for the sake of tax deductions, and often feel neglect its benefits thinking it’s not for them. It’s quite natural for them to feel so, especially if they are away from familial responsibilities. But remember, […] More » When is the best time to take a life insurance policy?

Sensex retreats after positive start; DLF rises over 4%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Positive on Ashok Leyland after quarterly results; buy on correction: Mayuresh JoshiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bain Capital to sell shares worth $200 mn in HeroThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian Navy Vessel Sinks off Vizag; One Killed  4 MissingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee dips in early trade on increased dollar demandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ranbaxy  Sun Pharma fall 4-5%; analysts say DRL to benefitThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

DLF surges over 4% as SAT allows to redeem MFsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US shoots down 3 missile targets in Hawaii testThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dear sachin - i am just curious - have you read the story of the milkm...Silver Member
1 Followers
Everyone remember that stocks like DGML generally follows 20:80 principal well. It means that it will give 80% returns in last 20% time of its bull cycle. So selling early for trading purpose is not worthwhile. E.g. the first bull cycle for DGML is for 4 years i.e. 48 months (it will be aligned with next Gold Bull cycle) you sell it for Rs 500 thinking that you made 25X returns but may miss the last 6 months rally that will take it to 2000 during that time.

Buy 263 265 267 269 s/l 260Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Bro  is it going to be another frying friday !New Member
164 Followers
Good morning all. Nifty opening with a mild gap down. That`s a surprise to me :) 8324 now important level on the downside. I would be really careful on Longs if this is broken.
9.11 AM Nov 7th

Rattan said speculation about selling stake was baseless. "there is no...New Member
20 Followers
Rattan said speculation about selling stake was baseless. "There is no truth to these talks, I have put in Rs 360 crore of my own money into the company, which is a clear signal that we are not planning to sell or bring in any strategic investor right now, I am clearly not looking at exiting this company or feel the need for a strategic investor currently," said Rattan.
Rattan took control of the group`s power companies after buying out copromoters Sameer Gehlaut and Saurabh Mittal`s stakes in Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power. He then infused fresh equity amounting to Rs 360 crore into Indiabulls Power through his private company. These transactions were a part of an overall restructuring process that the entire group underwent recently.
Markets, on the other hand, were drawing their own conclusions, especially last month when shares rose on speculation about an imminent stake sale. Some experts that tracked the company closely said they expected the company to be sold off completely in the near future as the promoters had split and it does not make financial sense for a single promoter to run it. Since September 19, the stock has seen an average upside of 5%.
"I completely deny these conclusions and there is no truth to them, as I have spent considerable money to completely own the business, which I am very bullish about as we have very clear differentiators. As unlike others, I opted for coal linkages rather than owning coal blocks, thus, we are one of the only listed power companies that is not impacted by the recent Supreme Court order that de-allocated coal blocks allotted to private companies," Rattan added.
"Also, the compensatory tariff of Rs 1.55 per unit that the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission has allowed using imported coal as pass through for our plant at Amravati could add Rs 1,700 crore as EBIDTA andRs 500 crore as PAT in the coming fiscals," said Rattan. Earlier this month, the company roped in Jayant Kawale as its new managing director. A former IAS officer, Kawale was earlier managing director at Jindal Power.
Indiabulls Power is developing 2.7 GW of projects in Maharashtra, 1.35 GW each at Amravati and Nashik. Of these, it has already commissioned three units of 270 MW each (two at Amravati and one at Nashik) and its current operating capacity stands at 810 MW. The second unit at Nashik is scheduled for commissioning in 3Q FY15, which will take its operating capacity to 1.1GW.

Navy vessel sinks off Vizag coast  1 dead  4 missingNavy vessel sinks off Vizag coast, 1 dead, 4 missing
PTI
Tweet
Visakhapatnam /New Delhi, Nov 6:  
A Torpedo Recovery Vessel of Indian Navy today sunk off the Visakhapatnam coast during a naval exercise killing one sailor while four others went missing.
23 people have been rescued and a search and rescue operation was launched for the missing.
At the time of the incident which occurred at 8 pm, there were 28 personnel on board.
“The vessel was on a routine mission to recover torpedoes fired by fleet ships during a routine exercise, when it experienced flooding in one of its compartments,” the Navy said.
“One sailor has lost his life during the rescue operation and four personnel are reported missing. 23 personnel have been rescued safely by the Search and Rescue (SAR) ships dispatched to the area,” Navy said in a statement issued in Delhi.
Navy officials said the flooding happened when the vessel was on its way back after collecting the “dummy” torpedo that was used in the exercise.
“The incident happened within 10-15 km off Vizag post,” a Navy spokesperson said in Visakhapatnam.
The boat sunk because of “some flooding”, he said.
The Torpedo Recovery Vessel (TRV) is an auxiliary vessel which is used to recover practice torpedoes fired by fleet ships and submarines.
The ship, which is 23 meters long and 6.5 meters at the beam, was built by Goa Shipyard in 1983 and has served the Indian Navy for the last 31 years.
The accident is one of the many that the Navy has witnessed over the last year.
Navy chief Admiral R K Dhowan took over as the Chief of the Naval Staff on April 17 this year, after his predecessor D K Joshi quit following a series of accidents.
Admiral Joshi’s resignation came immediately after a fire on the INS Sindhuratna, which left two sailors dead.
On October 31, INS Kora suffered minor damage after it was scraped by a merchant vessel near Visakhapatnam.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

India Economic Summit 2014Home »   Politics
India Economic Summit 2014
The India Economic Summit, organised by the WEF, is being held in New Delhi between 4 and 6 November
SpiceJet barred from advance bookings beyond one month
Photo: Reuters
The India Economic Summit, organised by the World Economic Forum (WEF), is being held in New Delhi between 4 and 6 November. It will be the first such meeting to be held after the Lok Sabha polls in May which ushered the Narendra Modi -led Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to power.
Organised by the WEF in partnership with Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), the theme of the summit is “redefining public-private cooperation for a new beginning”. Following is Mint’s round-the-clock coverage of the event.
• • •
Reforms need to be communicated better: Chandrababu Naidu
Economic reforms should go hand in hand with the political mandate, Andhra Pradesh chief minister N. Chandrababu Naidu told delegates on Thursday at the India Economic Summit of the World Economic Forum. ( Read more )
• • •
Caution needed on using western nuclear power tech, says Piyush Goyal
The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government on Thursday sounded a cautionary note on adopting nuclear technology supplied by Western countries. ( Read more )
• • •
Cost-effective distribution key to financial inclusion
Jan Dhan Yojana, Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ambitious financial inclusion mission, could be a success if the government ensures that bank accounts opened under it are actively used by their holders, and if banks find cost-effective distribution platforms to reach the customer, said panellists at an interactive session on inclusive finance at the India Economic Summit at the World Economic Forum on Thursday. ( Read more )
• • •
Important to get vernacular content online: Piyush Mathur
Piyush Mathur, president of India for Nielsen, was in Delhi to attend the World Economic Forum’s (WEF) India Economic Forum as a speaker on the topic Digital divide: Enablers vs Aspirational. In an interview, Mathur spoke about overcoming the digital divide, enabling Internet in rural India through customized benefits and that the first big digital battle being fought online is e-commerce. ( Read more )
• • •
Narendra Modi govt raises optimism among industry leaders
The Narendra Modi government has raised expectations and increased optimism among industry leaders attending the World Economic Forum’s India Economic Summit on the nation’s economic prospects and social development. ( Read more )
• • •
Foreign investors will give the govt another 6-12 months: Srivatsan Rajan
The Narendra Modi government, which came to power nearly six months ago, has revived interest among foreign investors in India. But the government needs to implement a raft of economic reforms, improve the domestic business environment and put in place sector-specific strategies to attract significant foreign direct investment, Srivatsan Rajan , managing director at consulting firm Bain & Co.’s India unit, said in an interview on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum’s India Economic Summit. ( Read more )
• • •
Five questions with Pradeep Lankapalli
How do you think India can meet the aspirations of its young people?
A large number of young men and women enter the workforce every year. With the slowdown in the manufacturing sector, India has a big challenge to make sure we are creating enough employment opportunities for our young men and women. Once they come into the workforce, I think corporate India has a big responsibility to create the right kind of model to groom and mature them. ( Read more )
• • •
Five questions with Ari Sarker
India is significantly behind China in manufacturing capability, and one reason for that is the lack of appropriate vocational skills among the youth, says Ari Sarker, division president (South Asia), MasterCard. However, there is an opportunity for India, as China moves up the value chain and wages in the country go up. ( Read more )
• • •
Five questions with Etienne Benet
How do you think India can meet the aspirations of its young people?
India has a very huge demographic potential, especially in its young people, and meeting their aspirations is very important. Their confidence in the future is important also because India’s economic growth and social development depend on them. Business is perhaps the best lever to unlock the potential in the economy, create jobs, create markets, and use technology to improve quality and productivity and create shared value simultaneously for shareholders and for the society. We need to encourage entrepreneurship, develop skills and empower the youth so that they are able to engage themselves meaningfully. ( Read more )
• • •
Five questions with Sumit Mazumder
How do you think India can meet the aspirations of its young people?
For young Indians, we need to see growth. Growth has to come back. The Prime Minister has talked about Make in India. We could very well be the factory to the rest of the world. Jobs need to be created. Services sector has done its share. The reason I emphasize on manufacturing is because manufacturing creates wealth for the country, creates assets and long-term value for the country. So 8-9-10% growth will create huge employment and meet the aspirations of the young people. India has the youngest population in the world, there has to be a job market for them. If the government does not do that, I hate to think what the youth would do to this country. So it is very important that we get the growth back. ( Read more )
• • •
Arun Jaitley signals govt may privatize some PSUs
Finance minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday painted a picture of hope to domestic and foreign investors, assuring a transparent and rule-based policy environment, and promised to push for a number of economic policy changes to make regulations in India more business-friendly. ( Read more )
• • •
India to introduce credit transfer system for students on 11 November
India will soon have a credit transfer system that will enable students to switch between the workforce and the education system without losing the chance to re-enter the formal education system. ( Read more )
• • •
Spectrum norms to be in place before next auction: Ravi Shankar Prasad
The much-awaited telecom spectrum trading and sharing guidelines will be in place before the next auction slated to begin in February, communications and information technology minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Wednesday at a discussion at the India Economic Summit organized by the World Economic Forum. ( Read more )
• • •
Why airlines need investors in high places
In almost every industry, the ebb and flow of consolidation is constant. Mergers or acquisitions might mean more growth for the companies involved, but for other companies, it represents a competitive threat. Rivals will start looking for their own merger and acquisition opportunities, and before you know it, the face of the industry has changed. ( Read more )
• • •
Nitin Gadkari says some court orders hard to implement
Judicial activism in India is making it difficult for the government to implement policy changes, transport minister Nitin Gadkari said on Wednesday. ( Read more )
• • •
NCDs, mental illnesses to cost India $4.58 trillion by 2030
Non communicable diseases (NCDs) and mental illness will cost India $4.58 trillion between 2012 and 2030, according to a report published by the World Economic Forum and Harvard School of Public Health. ( Read more )
• • •
Why it pays to solve India’s water crisis
India’s growing economy means rising demand for water in an already water-stressed country. Projections indicate that the water demand for agricultural, industrial and domestic uses is likely to increase in the coming decades. ( Read more )
• • •
17 Indian institutes in Asia’s top 300 list
As India debates the poor global rankings of its universities and ways to improve them, a record 17 institutions from the country have made it to the top 300 list in Asia released on Monday by Quacquarelli Symonds (QS), a compiler. ( Read more )
• • •
The three things that will spread wealth in India
India has long been able to offer innovative solutions to political, social and economic challenges. For example, amid some of the bloodiest independence struggles, Indian freedom fighters showed that non-violence (ahimsa) could deliver political freedom as well as widespread social reform. ( Read more )
• • •
No dignity of labour widens skill gap
Grimy hands and a fistful of dollars, or white collars and tighter belts? A number of out-of-work Indians would plump for low-paid office jobs rather than roll up sleeves to be skilled professionals—an elitist approach to employment one skill trainer calls “Brahminical”. ( Read more )
• • •
Bosch’s long tryst with India
Right now, Bosch India is in a bit of a spot. It’s been more than a month since labour unrest began at the company’s Bengaluru factory. On 30 October, in a filing to stock exchanges, Bosch said that losses due to stoppage of work at its plant would be around 2% of the turnover. That’s about Rs.176 crore. ( Read more )
• • •
Five questions with Jagdish Mitra
How do you think India can meet the aspirations of its young people?
By creating two things for sure. One, a culture of transparency and along with it a digital environment which creates an equality of opportunity for all our youth. These I think are the most important factors enabling youth to be confident and to assure that in this country they have the same opportunity as anyone else. ( Read more )
• • •
Five questions with Ajit Gulabchand
How do you think India can meet the aspirations of its young people?
It’s a big question. First of all, they all want to be educated in some form or the other. So that they are capable of doing a job, pursuing their own self-employment, if they like, or start a business. So, I think that’s the aspiration of these people. ( Read more )
• • •
Five questions with Richard Rekhy
How do you think India can meet the aspirations of its young people?
The most important challenge is to create jobs and jobs that are interesting for the youth because their aspirations have changed completely. This would require revamping our entire education sector, right from school to college to post-graduation. ( Read more )
• • •
Indian industry bullish on Modi govt’s initiatives
Top business executives attending the India Economic Summit in New Delhi welcomed the initiatives taken by the Narendra Modi government, saying the country is back on the growth track. ( Read more )
• • •
Three ways to boost growth in India
The election of Prime Minister Narendra Modi was met with euphoria in India, and high expectations across the rest of the world. Now, the question on every investor’s mind is: “Can Modi do for India what he did for Gujarat?” As Gujarat’s leader, Modi’s no-nonsense and pro-business leadership brought domestic and foreign direct investment—and eventually prosperity—to the people in that state. India needs such a prescription, now more than ever, with gross domestic product (GDP) growth stalled below 5% in 2013. ( Read more )
• • •
All educated and nowhere to go
Sai Siddheswari’s dream is on hold. Three years ago when she completed her bachelor’s degree in technology, the young graduate thought she could secure a job in the city and take her parents along. Better days were ahead, hoped Siddheswari’s father, a farmer in Andhra Pradesh. ( Read more )
• • •
How to make the dream of ‘Made in India’ tag come true
The government dreams of a ‘Made in India’ tag. However, one of the main resources that can help it achieve this dream would be a pool of highly skilled people that will fulfil the industry’s demands. Let us look at some challenges and their possible solutions. ( Read more )
• • •
A fundamental shift needed on infra
India needs infrastructure. From the moment you set foot in the country, you witness the ageing roads and railways, the unreliable power and the absence of sanitation. The question is: what to do about it? Progress in Indian infrastructure has been painstakingly slow in recent years. Mobile phone coverage is perhaps the only exception. In less than a decade, India went from a communications black hole to one of the leading telecommunication networks in the world. ( Read more )
• • •
Make health a central agenda
A healthy population is the engine behind sustainable economic growth. For India, the health of its population must be central to the agenda for its government, business leaders and communities. Why? ( Read more )
• • •
Hanumappa Sudarshan is Indian Social Entrepreneur of the Year
Hanumappa Sudarshan , founder of Karuna Trust, which works to transform badly run government primary health centres into professional providers of healthcare services, was on Tuesday presented the Indian Social Entrepreneur of the Year 2014 award by finance minister Arun Jaitley. ( Read more )
• • •
Key priorities for India’s future
The most decisive national election result since 1984 marks a new phase in India’s dramatic journey into the world’s top 10 economies. Following years of slow growth and insularity, in the early 1990s India undertook structural reforms which attracted foreign investment, unlocked entrepreneurial flair and lifted millions into a burgeoning middle class.
Yet, while the economy has been transformed, many social problems linger on. The new government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has a clear mandate for change. Its unprecedented popular support is driven by one common objective: economic growth for the benefit of all Indians. ( Read more )
• • •
The next wave of growth
The emergence of a new and stable government has re-energized the Indian economy and enthused investors, bringing with it the promise of a more efficient administration, policy emphasis on infrastructure and better centre-state coordination, says a new report by Deloitte . ( Read more )
• • •
Flexible labour laws, transparency will ease doing business: Gary Coleman
India has grown in the last two decades on the shoulders of the services sector but with the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government pushing investment and reforms in manufacturing, the latter could play an important role in driving growth in the future, according to the Competitiveness: Catching the next wave in India report by consultancy Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Ltd . Gary Coleman , managing director of global industries at Deloitte , spoke in an interview about China overtaking India in manufacturing in the last decade, ease of doing business in the country, and India following its own unique growth model. ( Read more )
• • •
WEF summit to redefine public-private cooperation
The summit, organised by the WEF in partnership with industry lobby group CII, will be based on the theme of redefining public-private cooperation for a new beginning, and will have a host of ministers interacting with foreign and domestic investors keen to invest in India. ( Read more )

Why Your Boss Is Afraid To Give You A Raise  According To One CEOWhy Your Boss Is Afraid To Give You A Raise, According To One CEO
Posted:
reddit
Kip Tindell, CEO of The Container Store, pays his salespeople an average of $50,000 a year -- more than double the retail industry average of less than $24,000. Yet even he has trouble getting his own managers to give raises to deserving employees.
"One of the hardest things to do is to get managers, even in this company, to pay really great people well," the 61-year-old executive recently told The Huffington Post. "They always think they're helping the company by paying them less. There's a sort of safety in paying somebody less. It takes bravery to pay somebody more."
People are afraid to aim too high, said Tindell. Executives and managers limit themselves unnecessarily in a number of ways, such as shunning job candidates whom they see as "overqualified" and thus too expensive. In Tindell's view, that's balderdash. And a bad business decision.
"Nobody's overqualified," he said. "Paying great people well is not an altruistic benefit or sacrifice -- it's a profit strategy. It's a strategy that leads to higher corporate performance for all of the stakeholders."
Last month, Tindell released Uncontainable , a book describing his business philosophy.  At The Container Store, Tindell says he runs a meritocracy where an employee's compensation is "directly commensurate" with what the employee contributes. Tindell's pay policies are rooted firmly in the profit motive. By paying his best staffers well, he says, he's able to retain his star employees. He'd rather shell out the dough for one great worker than employ three mediocre ones.
The Container Store, true to its name, sells all kinds of organizational materials, from bins and baskets to crates and shelves. Founded in 1978, the retailer has made it onto Fortune's list of " 100 Best Companies to Work For " each of the past 15 years. That's good news for the 6,000 or so employees who work in the company's 67 stores and at its corporate headquarters in Coppell, Texas.
The chain went public in 2013 and saw its stock double on its first day. Since then, though, the stock has slumped nearly 50 percent, and now lingers just above its IPO price of $18.
Container Store CEO Kip Tindell speaks to employees. (Image courtesy The Container Store)
Tindell himself made nearly $1.7 million in 2013, with his base salary accounting for $675,000 of that, according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. He says his annual compensation can be up to 35 times more than that of a typical store worker, depending on the performance-based bonuses he receives. According to a report released by the Economic Policy Institute earlier this year, the average CEO of a top U.S. firm makes about $15.2 million a year, nearly 300 times more than the average worker.
Tindell had strong words for executives who squeeze the wages of line workers in order to bolster their own paychecks. When the people in the C-suite accept a lower salary, he said, it leaves more money available to pay everyone else.
"CEOs and top executives in America are overpaid, relative to the rank-and-file worker," said Tindell. "CEOs are important, but not as important as they're made out to be."
Do you work at The Container Store? Let us know about your experience there. Send an email to kim.bhasin@huffingtonpost.com .
More:

Hexaware Technologies Q3 cons net profit at Rs86 croresHexaware Technologies Q3 cons net profit at Rs86 crores
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 05, 2014 08:44 IST
Hexaware Technologies cons EBITDA margin at 16.4%
 
 
Hexaware Technologies Ltd has posted a net profit of Rs. 860.202 Mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 where as the same was at Rs. 987.236 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. 
Total Income is Rs. 6737.170 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 where as the same was at Rs. 6278.286 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
Caliber point Business Solutions limited (CP) (a wholly owned subsidiary) engaged in Business Process Management, has been amalgamated with the Company. The Scheme of Amalgamation was sanctioned by the Hon. High Court of Judicature at Bombay vide its order dated October 10, 2014, the appointed date of merger being April 01, 2013 
The company has announced that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on November 05, 2014, inter alia, have declared payment of interim dividend @ Rs 2.35 per share (117.5%) on equity shares of Rs. 2/- each.
The interim dividend on equity shares as declared in the Board Meeting held on November 05, 2014 shall be paid on November 18, 2014.
Further, Mr. Jack Hennessy has been appointed as an Additional Director on the Board.
"Under the new leadership of R Srikrishna, Hexaware has seen early signs of a turnaround in revenue growth with Q-o-Q growth of 7.9% in $ terms and 9.9% in ` terms and an improvement in margins. I remain optimistic of our growth prospects going forward." remarked Atul Nishar, Chairman, Hexaware Technologies Limited.
"We are working to improve sustainability of our performance through a 3-pronged strategy: Delighting our customers by delivering value beyond what is expected, making Hexaware a great place to work and building an organization focused on Innovation in the areas most relevant to our customers' future", stated R Srikrishna, CEO & Executive Director, Hexaware Technologies Limited.
Business Update
The revenue growth during Q3 2014 was broad-based. Europe led the geographic growth while BFSI and Emerging segments led growth among verticals. Business Intelligence & Business Analytics and Infrastructure Management Services led the growth among service lines.
During the previous quarter, the Company added 10 new clients across all its key focus areas. Of these, 3 clients were added in the Healthcare and Insurance (H&I) Vertical and 1 client each was added in the Banking & Financial Services (BFS) space and in the Travel & Transportation Domain and 5 clients in the Manufacturing & Retail Vertical. Of the 10 clients added in Q3 2014, 4 customers are based in Americas, 3 in Europe and 3 in Asia Pacific (APAC) region.

70-Year-Old American Arrested In Emirates Over PhotoRobert Alan Black, 70-Year-Old American, Arrested In Emirates Over Photo
Posted:
reddit
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — A 70-year-old American man who came to the United Arab Emirates to speak at a conference on creative thinking was arrested last month for taking a photograph of a subject deemed off-limits by authorities, his daughter and a friend said Monday.
Robert Alan Black is the latest foreigner to be arrested for breaching rules limiting what can be photographed in the oil-rich Gulf federation. The country is an important American ally that boasts cutting-edge architecture, including a vertical disc-shaped office building and the world's tallest tower.
Black's daughter, Jessica Beasley, said she is concerned about her father's health in jail and believes any inappropriate pictures that the Athens, Georgia, man may have taken were unintentional.
She said she spoke to him by phone twice briefly since his arrest on Oct. 21.
"He took a photo where he was not supposed to. He's very remorseful," she said her father told her from al-Wathba prison in the Emirati capital, Abu Dhabi.
Black suffers from diabetes, high blood pressure and high cholesterol, Beasley said. She said an American consular official has visited him and confirmed he is receiving medical treatment.
The U.S. Embassy said it was unable to comment on the case Monday due to privacy limitations. Abu Dhabi police officials could not immediately be reached for comment.
A number of foreigners have been prosecuted by a state security court in recent years for taking pictures of subjects deemed prohibited by Emirati authorities, such as palaces or embassies.
In several cases, the defendants denied knowingly breaking the law or said they were intending to photograph a nearby structure rather than the prohibited facility. Photographing or filming restricted areas can be punishable by fines and jail time under Emirati law.
Black is an architect by training and is an avid photographer of buildings, said friend Rosemary Rein. She and Black were in Abu Dhabi to speak at the Creative Thinkers Conference.
Family and friends don't know what charges Black could face or when his case will be heard, and he has yet to see an attorney, Rein said.
An Emirati court last year sentenced eight people, including an American, to up to a year in prison for their role in producing a satirical video about youth culture in Dubai that prosecutors said defamed the country's image. The American, Shezanne Cassim, was released within weeks of the verdict, after having already served nine months behind bars.
More:

Five reasons why depression can be good for youThere are people who have benefited from this disease. Here's how depression can change one's life for better.
Written by Parmita Uniyal | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:24 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 3:36 pm
Winston Churchill’s professional success was often attributed to his depression (bipolar disorder), that he referred to as the Black Dog. So can a dreaded mental disease like depression have a positive side also?
The answer is yes. There are people who have benefited from this disease. Here’s how depression can change one’s life for better.
1) Your outlook towards life changes: Depression is often episodic. When you are not in a state of depression, you tend to enjoy life more than people who are not suffering from depression. You value the little things in your life more.
“If you know what it is to feel low, acknowledge it, and you have seen life in such a stage which is negative, when you get out of depression, you appreciate the normalcy of life in a way that normal people rarely do. Say if you visit a park which is muddy and mushy, you might not appreciate it if you haven’t experienced depression, but the person who has fought it will find it extremely beautiful. So, it does make you appreciate mundane, normal things in life that otherwise wouldn’t have caught your fancy,” says Bhavna Barmi, Senior Clinical Psychologist and relationship therapist, Fortis Escorts Heart Institute.
When you are not in a state of depression, you tend to enjoy life more than people who are not suffering from depression. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
2) You grow professionally: Gauri Sharma, a happy-go-lucky girl in twenties was often rebuked by her parents for not taking her life/career seriously. After going through a messy break-up, all she wanted was to stop living life and deprive herself of all pleasures. Her parents stood by her during this period and instead of judging her, encouraged Gauri to apply for UPSC. Gauri, who was an HR consultant earlier, knew her career has taken an unexpected but pleasant turn.
“Had it not been for the low phase, I wouldn’t have valued my career so much,” says Sharma. “When you come out of depression, you have that extra urge to succeed, you feel overly charged to do things,” agrees Barmi.
Depression can also result in professional success (Source: Thinkstock Images)
3) You grow personally: Meenal Bhatia, a housewife had a laidback approach to life. She worked at a relaxed pace and was rarely in a hurry. Meenal was often teased by her husband for being disorganised. When Meenal was diagnosed with post menopausal depression, she never thought she would become a different person post depression. When Meenal finally overcame her illness, she became a more organised and even a happier person. “I discovered continued…

Airtel shares fall 3% after it cancels Loop Mobile dealAirtel shares fall 3 per cent after it cancels Loop Mobile deal
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 18:07 IST
Photo: Reuters
Shares of Bharti Airtel fell by nearly 3 per cent on Wednesday after the company called off its plans to acquire business and assets of Loop Mobile.
Stocks of the telecom major fell by 2.70 per cent to settle at Rs 385.30 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE). During the day, it lost 3.33 per cent to Rs 382.80.
At the NSE, it was down 2.29 per cent to end at Rs 386.70. In terms of volume, 4.77 lakh shares of the company were traded at the BSE, while over one crore shares changed hands at the NSE during the day.
Bharti Airtel has called off its plans to acquire business and assets of Mumbai based Loop Mobile , for about Rs 700 crore, as the Department of Telecom is yet to clear the deal.
Loop Mobile and Bharti applied to DoT for approval of the business transfer in March 2014. The approval for the transaction is still awaited from the relevant authorities as a result of which Bharti Airtel has withdrawn from the proposed transaction causing huge loss to the company, Loop Mobile spokesperson told PTI.
DoT is yet to give clearance to the deal as it estimates that Loop Mobile and its sister concern Loop Telecom owe about Rs 808 crore in spectrum and other charges to the government.

We have to consistently pursue reform idea: FMWe have to consistently pursue reform idea: FM
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 05, 2014 11:40 IST
We need to pursue one positive direction. We may open railway for more private investment, FM says
 
 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said, a lot of work can one within the political framework. People are now getting convinced that India is a place to invest.
Speaking at WEF's India Economic Summit, Jaitley, "We have to consistently pursue reform idea; retrospective tax was a bad idea which damaged economy."
We need to pursue one positive direction. We may open railway for more private investment, FM added.
According to Jaitley, the land acquisition law changes have some difficulty. We have no quarrel with the compensation part of land buys. We need large investment on realty to aid urbanization. We are resolving issues with banking sector to push infrastructure, FM added. 
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Monday, 08 December 2014 01:29 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Cognizant Q3 revenue at $2.58bnCognizant Q3 revenue at $2.58bn
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 05, 2014 16:38 IST
GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 17.7%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 19.5%, within the Company's target range of 19-20%
 
 
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation, a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, today announced its third quarter 2014 financial results. 
Highlights - Third Quarter 2014
Third quarter revenue of $2.58 billion was up 11.9% from the year-ago period and up 2.5% sequentially.
GAAP diluted EPS was $0.58, up from $0.53 in the year-ago period. 
Non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.66, up from $0.59 in the year-ago period.
Net headcount addition for the quarter was approximately 12,300.
Revenue for the third quarter of 2014 rose to $2.58 billion, up 11.9% from $2.31 billion in the third quarter of 2013. GAAP net income was $355.6 million, or $0.58 per diluted share, compared to $319.6 million, or $0.53 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2013. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.66 compared to $0.59 in the third quarter of 2013. GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 17.7%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 19.5%, within the Company's target range of 19-20%. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP operating results and diluted EPS are included at the end of this release.
"There is a tremendous opportunity in the marketplace as the advent of new digital technologies, global economic pressures, and an evolving regulatory environment force businesses across all industries to change and adapt faster than ever before," said Francisco D'Souza, Chief Executive Officer of Cognizant. "Cognizant is ideally positioned to help clients worldwide address these competitive challenges with end-to-end solutions that address their dual mandate of improved efficiency and of innovation using the latest social, mobile, analytics, cloud and sensor technologies." 
"Our overall demand environment remains strong and our results this quarter highlight that we are competing, winning and executing transformational engagements for clients in various industry segments globally," said Gordon Coburn, President. "Clients are turning to Cognizant in increasing numbers to help them simplify, optimize and automate their operations, whether it is through new utility delivery models or integrated end-to-end solutions.  Today's connected world requires digital solutions to be brought to market in an accelerated manner. Our consultative approach and our business process and other expertise enable us to deliver solutions with faster time to value."
2014 Outlook - Fourth Quarter and Full Year
The Company is providing the following guidance, excluding any impact from the acquisition of TriZetto: 
Fourth quarter revenue expected to be between $2.61 billion and $2.64 billion.
Fourth quarter non-GAAP diluted EPS expected to be at least $0.63.
Full-year revenue expected to be between $10.13 billion and $10.16 billion.
Full-year non-GAAP diluted EPS expected to be at least $2.57.
 "Revenue growth was slightly ahead of our revised forecast and, as expected, non-GAAP operating margins were within our target range of 19-20% as we absorbed the impact of annual wage increases during Q3," said Karen McLoughlin, Chief Financial Officer. "Our balance sheet remains strong as cash and short term investments increased during the quarter by almost $500 million to $4.6 billion. Later this quarter, we anticipate utilizing $1.7 billion of this cash, in addition to $1 billion of floating rate debt through a syndicated term loan, to fund the previously announced acquisition of TriZetto."

BSE  NSE to remain closed on 6 NovemberBSE, NSE to remain closed on 6 November
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 05, 2014 16:18 IST
The Sensex hit a high of 28010, while Nifty hit a high of 8,366 today
 
 
The BSE and NSE will remain closed tomorrow, 6 November 2014, on account of Gurunanak Jayanti.
Finally, the BSE Sensex closed at 27,916 up 56 points, while NSE Nifty closed at 8,338 up 14 points.
The Sensex hit a high of 28010, while Nifty hit a high of 8,366 today.
BSE Mid-cap closed up 0.23% at 9,965, while BSE Small-cap closed up 0.76% at 11,161.
Axis Bank, HCL Tech, Dr Reddy's Lab, BPCL, SBI, Sun Pharma and IndusInd Bank were among the gainers on NSE, whereas Jindal Steel, Cairn India, Hindalco, SSLT, NMDC, Coal India and HDFC were among the losers today.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Monday, 08 December 2014 01:29 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

India HSBC Oct Services PMI at 6-month lowIndia HSBC Oct Services PMI at 6-month low
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 05, 2014 10:37 IST
Backlogs of work at service sector firms in India accumulated at the quickest rate in three months during October
 
 
At 51.0, down from 51.8, the headline HSBC India Composite PMI Output Index was consistent with a moderate expansion in private sector activity in October.
The latest figure indicated that growth of private sector output in India eased to the weakest in five months.
Business activity at service providers stagnated during the month, while manufacturers reported an accelerated expansion in output.
Adjusted for seasonal factors, the headline HSBC India Services PMI Business Activity Index - a single question tracking changes in activity at Indian services companies on a month-by-month basis - fell from 51.6 to exactly 50.0 in October.
The latest reading indicated a stagnation in business activity, following five successive months of growth. Anecdotal evidence linked variations in activity to changes in order book volumes. Among the monitored sub-sectors, the best-performing was Post & Telecommunications, whereas activity fell quickest in Hotels & Restaurants.
Underpinning the stagnation in activity was weaker growth of new business. Despite rising for the sixth consecutive month, new work intakes in the Indian service sector increased at the weakest pace since May during October.
Meanwhile, new order growth at manufacturers picked up to a solid rate. Consequently, new business across the private sector as a whole rose for the sixth month running.
Growth of employment in the Indian service sector also slowed in October. The rate of job creation was marginal overall and weaker than the long-run series average.
Hiring at service providers led to a fractional expansion in private sector employment, as workforce numbers were broadly unchanged in the manufacturing industry.
Backlogs of work at service sector firms in India accumulated at the quickest rate in three months during October. Indian manufacturers also reported a rise in backlogs, causing volumes of work-in-hand across the private sector to rise at a solid pace.
Continuing the trend observed throughout the past 67 months, input prices faced by Indian services
companies rose in October. However, the rate of cost inflation was unchanged from September and was the joint-weakest since November 2009. Likewise, cost pressures at manufacturers eased to the mildest in 17 months. Overall, private sector input costs rose at the slowest pace in the current 67-month period of inflation.
Average selling prices set by Indian service providers also increased in October, marking a four-year period of charge inflation. That said, the rate of inflation was slight overall and muted in comparison with historical data. Similarly, output prices in the manufacturing sector increased at a marginal pace. As a result, the rate of private sector charge inflation remained historically weak.
October data indicated that service sector firms in India remained highly optimistic regarding prospects for activity growth in the coming year. Business sentiment was the strongest in three months, with panellists commenting on anticipated improvements in demand and new marketing initiatives as key sources of optimism.
Frederic Neumann, Co-Head of Asian Economic Research at HSBC said: "Service sector activity was unchanged in October since growth in some sectors was offset by contraction in others, such as in the hospitality sector. On the positive side, business confidence rose to the strongest in three months, with the hospitality sector being most upbeat about the outlook. The revival of reforms post recent state elections, if sustained, should lift growth on a broad basis."

Key AAP leaders may not contest Delhi Assembly polls this timeKey AAP leaders may not contest Delhi Assembly polls this time
Our Bureau
Prashant Bhushan, Yogendra Yadav and others will focus on backroom operations
New Delhi, November 5:  
With the exception of Arvind Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia, the AAP will preserve the rest of its stellar cast — Prashant Bhushan, Yogendra Yadav, Ashish Khetan et al — for backroom operations in the soon-to-be-held Delhi elections.
Having learnt from the Lok Sabha polls, where the party had “spread itself too thin”, the AAP leadership now believes that besides fielding candidates with credibility, what the party badly needs is people to organise and manage the elections.
“There weren’t enough of us organising and planning the Lok Sabha elections. We are a young party. “It is important for us to hold on to Delhi so we have decided not to field everyone,” said an AAP leader.
How will the AAP find candidates for 90 constituencies?
The party is confident there is “enough talent”. Candidates such as Rakhi Birla and Prof Anand Kumar, who contested the Lok Sabha elections as well, may once again be fielded for the Assembly polls.
Lost ground
The AAP believes that it has lost ground since the last Assembly elections among the middle class voters as well as some critical caste groups such as Jats and the Valmikis following incidents of communal violence in the neighbouring Muzaffarnagar and now Trilokpuri and Bawana.
Simmering communal tensions in Muzaffarnagar in western Uttar Pradesh and now Bawana in Delhi have shifted the Jats entirely to the BJP’s fold.
In Trilokpuri, which has an AAP MLA, the Valmikis too are gravitating towards the BJP.
Besides, the victory momentum of the BJP in the Lok Sabha polls seems to be multiplying with its recent wins in Maharashtra and neighbouring Haryana.
The fact that the BJP did not have a strong chief ministerial candidate in either State, which is also the case in Delhi, did not seem to have impacted the party’s performance.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s enduring appeal among the voters seems to have overtaken all other factors, including leadership troubles in the BJP’s local units.
The AAP’s strongest plank against the BJP in Delhi is that in Kejriwal, it has a better leader than any of the local leaders — be it Harsh Vardhan or Jagdish Mukhi of the BJP.
“Lack of leadership is the BJP’s weakest link in Delhi. They may try to fill it with Modi’s presence but we can counter it. Modi is not going to be Chief Minister of Delhi,” said an AAP leader.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Indian growth cannot be FDI-driven: Muralidhar Raoeconomy, business and finance
Expansion of manufacturing in India cannot be driven by foreign investments and Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s vision is to unleash the potential of the Indian entrepreneurial class to its fullest extent, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) general secretary P. Muralidhar Rao said.
Mr. Rao, a former pracharak of the Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS), has been part of the informal consultations between the Sangh and the government on economy-related issues.
“The Make in India campaign is not exclusive of foreign investment, but it is not driven by foreign capital. The track that we are laying for Indian manufacturing is not led by foreign capital. There can be a happy blend though,” he said.
The BJP leader pointed out that India has an “entrepreneurial class, the knowhow and the domestic experience,” adding that the FDI-driven approach in East Asian countries may not fit the Indian context as “it was a different historical context.”
Job creation was only one of the objectives of the Modi government in promoting manufacturing in India, as reducing trade deficit was an equally pressing concern.
“Creating more job opportunities is priority but we have to reduce trade imbalances to make the country self-reliant and powerful,” he said.
He identified telecom and defence as the two sectors that account for a large proportion of Indian imports. “Developing manufacturing capability in these sectors is a priority,” he said.
“The idea is to make India a powerful country, and a nationalist government, led a by a decisive leader with popular backing is well poised to achieve that objective.”

Did Fox News Host Go Too Far With Election Night Musingsreddit
Fox News personality Greg Gutfeld sure had some curious election night musings.
In a string of tweets Tuesday, the co-host of "The Five" riffed on Karl Rove, Tinder and America Ferrera. He also shared this little tidbit :
I told my wife that I'm not voting until ferrets can marry slow lorises in tasteful weddings. #linen #beach
— GregGutfeld (@greggutfeld) November 5, 2014
Take that to mean what you will.
Gutfeld, who has nearly 400,000 followers on Twitter, followed the message with a series of random tweets, including:
Mitch came out of his shell to prove that slow and steady wins the race.

Mob Lynches Christian Couple In Pakistan  Dozens ArrestedMob Lynches Christian Couple In Pakistan, Dozens Arrested
Reuters
reddit
By Mubasher Bukhari
LAHORE, Pakistan, Nov 5 (Reuters) - Police in Pakistan  arrested dozens of people on Wednesday after a mob beat a  Christian couple to death and burned their bodies for allegedly  desecrating a Koran.
Blasphemy is a serious offense in conservative Muslim  Pakistan where those accused are sometimes lynched on the spot.
The latest incident took place in a village in Punjab  province on Tuesday when a local cleric told his community  through the loudspeakers of his mosque to punish the couple for burning a few pages of the Koran, a police source said.
A mob then gathered outside the house of Shehzad Masih, 32,  and his wife Shama, in her 20s, dragged them out and beat them  to death, police said.
Their bodies were then set on fire in a brick kiln where  they worked.
"We have arrested 44 people, it was a local issue incited by  the mullah of a local mosque," Jawad Qamar, a regional police  chief, told Reuters.
"No particular sectarian group or religious outfit was  behind the attack."
Blasphemy charges, even when they go to court, are  punishable by death in Muslim-majority Pakistan. They are hard  to fight because the law does not define clearly what is  blasphemous. Presenting the evidence can sometimes itself be  considered a fresh infringement.
Christians make up about four percent of Pakistan's  population and tend to keep a low profile in a country where  Sunni Muslim militants frequently bomb targets they see as  heretical, including Christians, and Sufi and Shi'ite Muslims.
Punjab police spokeswoman Nabila Ghazanfar said the couple,  like many other poor Christians in the area, worked in a brick  kiln owned by a local man who has also been arrested.
"Three days ago, a co-worker alleged that they had burnt  pages of the holy Koran. On Tuesday morning, a mob gathered  outside their house, dragged them out, beat and burnt them in  the same kiln where they worked," she said.
All of Pakistan's minorities feel that the state fails to  protect them, and even tolerates violence against them.
A local journalist, who spoke on condition of anonymity for  security reasons, said police were too slow to act to protect  the couple.
"Police did not take it seriously. Later they sent five  officers to the spot," the journalist said. "The couple was  thrashed and burnt in their presence."
Last month a British man with a history of mental health  illness, sentenced to death for blasphemy earlier this year, was  shot by a prison guard in his cell.
Also in October, a Pakistani court upheld the death penalty  against a Christian woman, Asia Bibi, who is also accused of  blasphemy, in a case that drew global headlines after two  prominent politicians who tried to help her were assassinated.     (Writing by Maria Golovnina; additional reporting by Syed Raza  Hassan)
More:

BSE Sensex to remain closed todayFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
India’s stocks, bonds and currency markets will be closed on Thursday for a holiday. Trading will resume on Friday.
The benchmark BSE index closed 0.2 percent higher at 27,915.88 on Wednesday. Earlier, it rose as much as 0.54 percent to break above the 28,000 mark and touch a fresh record high of 28,010.39.
The broader NSE index gained 0.17 percent to 8,338.30. The index gained as much as 0.5 percent to hit a record high of 8,365.55 points.
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.41/42 per dollar, largely unchanged from Monday’s close of 61.40/41.
The benchmark 10-year bond yield closed 7 basis points lower at 8.19 percent on Wednesday, its lowest level since Aug. 12, 2013.

Ditch ready-to-eat meals to avoid high calories: SurveyThe statistics indicate Britain is a nation of false foodies
By: Indo-Asian News Service | London | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:01 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 10:30 am
 
Do you want to help trim yours and your family’s waistlines? One can save over a month’s worth of calories every year by ditching ‘ready meals’ and instead taking a Do it Yourself (DIY) approach to making common foods.
The research by etailer AppliancesDirect found that the average family stands to save 240,000 calories, the equivalent of 32 days’ recommended calorie intake for a family of four, by home-making meals, instead of relying on shop prepared versions, reports femalefirst.co.uk.
The statistics indicate Britain is a nation of false foodies which, despite being obsessed with cookery shows like the “Great British Bake Off” and “Masterchef”, has the highest ready meal consumption in Europe.
“Obesity rates have never been higher and that is largely due to our lifestyles. Our grandparents were brought up on single-ingredient whole foods and we should eat more like them,” said Nik Litwinenko-Jones, lifestyle nutritionist at Quality for Life Fitness.
“Yet now it’s too easy to opt for ready-meals packed with long lists of ingredients – as a rule the longer the list the more you should avoid. These meals have best before dates of many weeks, meaning they are packed with salt, sugar and preservatives, increasing your risk of life-threatening illnesses such as Coronary Heart Disease and Type II Diabetes,” added Jones.
More than 65 percent of Britishers admit to eating ready meals five times per week, while 57 percent buy readymade fruit juices or smoothies three or more times per week.
But not only are these pre-prepared products often laden with excessive sugar, salt and fat, statistics indicate they are also much more expensive.
By switching to home-prepared foods instead, the statistics show that the average family could save almost 2,000 pounds per year, the cost of the average family holiday.

Fall fashion trend: Over the knee bootsAnkle boots have most certainly stuck around this season once again, but the over-the-knee ones are also making waves in the fashion world. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:08 am
Ankle boots have most certainly stuck around this season once again, but the over-the-knee ones are also making waves in the fashion world.
It’s been a while since one has seen these boots as a trend, but it’s most certainly made a comeback this season after being featured on runways, reports femalefirst.co.uk.
Brands like Topshop Unique and Gucci showed them off with a flat and small heel that make them perfect for everyday wear. The snake print design is a very bold look, but keep the rest of your outfit pared back and you’ll nail this look perfectly.
There are block or thin heels too for those who want to look taller.
Jennifer Husdon recently tried the look on the red carpet and she looked gorgeous. The actress paired her leather skirt with leather over-the-knee boots, but made it work because of the all-black palette.
So opt for one this season to stand out from the crowd.

Cabinet rejig: Parrikar  next defence ministerSpeculation over Cabinet reshuffle; Manohar Parrikar for defence?
MEERA MOHANTY & AKSHAY DESHMANE, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(Talk of the cabinet expansion…)
BHUBANESWAR | NEW DELHI: Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar could move to Delhi as India's next defence minister, as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's much-anticipated cabinet expansion.
Parrikar was in Delhi on Wednesday meeting BJP chief Amit Shah and PM Modi, and sources close to the Goa CM said a formal offer to join the Union Cabinet was made on Tuesday. Parrikar's possible elevation has been a subject of speculation for a while.
However, speaking to ET late on Wednesday evening at Delhi's Goa Sadan, Parrikar distanced himself from the speculation.
Parrikar told ET that he was in Delhi only to discuss "some requirements related to Goa" since the PM is going on a foreign visit soon. "The issue (of him joining the government as defence minister) did not come up during our discussions...I continue to be the chief minister of Goa," he said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley has been holding the defence portfolio as an additional charge since May 26, when the Modi administration assumed office. PM Modi has made a number of changes to the top echelons of his government in recent weeks, with a number of senior-level bureaucratic appointments. Suresh Prabhu, a former minister in the Vajpayee government, has moved to PMO, where he has oversight of policy issues in infrastructure sectors and areas such as mining.
A member of RSS, Parrikar, the putative defence minister, belongs to the Saraswat Brahmin community and has maintained a moderate image, winning the support of Goa's Catholic community both during the assembly elections of 2012 and the parliamentary elections this year.
Parrikar was the first BJP chief minister to back the appointment of Modi as party's prime ministerial candidate while hosting BJP's national executive conclave in 2013 in Panaji.
In April this year, when there were strong rumours of him being part of Modi's cabinet, Parrikar had told ET that he would prefer to stay on in Goa. "I do not think there is a need for me to go to the Centre, and neither has the party, as yet, asked me to. You don't have to be a part of the Cabinet, and can still contribute to certain key issues. In any case, who is part of the cabinet is the prerogative of the PM."
Goa is in the midst of restarting its export-oriented iron ore industry on which the state depends on for both revenues and employment. Several critical issues for the small and dense coastal state of Goa remain to be sorted out with the ministry of environment, including a relaxation of the Coastal Regulation Zone norms and allowing mining near wildlife sanctuaries. The Goa cabinet approved a new mining policy on Wednesday, according to TV channels. Meanwhile, in Jaipur, speculation that Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhara Raje could move to Delhi as a Union minister also resurfaced on Tuesday bringing forth a strong denial from the party's state unit. The fresh round of rumours was sparked off by a tweet by former IPL commissioner Lalit Modi, who batted for BJP leader Om Mathur as CM. The state unit of BJP, which had refused to respond to the rumours until now, was forced to categorically deny such a possibility.
At a press conference, Rajasthan BJP chief Ashok Parnami asserted there was no plan afoot for a leadership change in the desert state.
"The issue is again being discussed after a long time. I do not know what is the reason behind the revival of this speculation, but it is possible that Raje's self-assertion during her cabinet expansion last Monday may have irked some people in Delhi," a Rajasthan MP close to the central leadership told ET on the condition of anonymity on Wednesday. A senior MLA with a reputation for challenging the state government's policies in the Assembly, who was also among the hopefuls for a cabinet minister's position in the state but was ignored, said Raje was unlikely to be moved to the Centre.
"Goa's case cannot be compared with Rajasthan's. This is not the way it (change in leadership) can happen here. She has got 25 MPs and 160 MLAs, and is very popular. Also, it has been less than a year since she assumed charge, and nothing adverse against her government has come up yet, so more time will likely be given to her since no reason exists to ask her to leave," this MLA said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Suresh Prabhu to play a key role in drafting policy on natural resourcesSuresh Prabhu to play a key role in drafting policy on natural resources & infra in the Narendra Modi govt
Mitul Thakkar, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 10.35AM IST
Tags:
G-20
(While refusing to confirm…)
NEW DELHI: Suresh Prabhu is set to play a key role in drafting policy on natural resources and infrastructure in the Narendra Modi government. The Shiv Sena member has been given an office in South Block, where the Prime Minister's Office is located, and is expected to be given cabinet rank.
Prabhu is also expected to look after the organisation that will succeed the Planning Commission while continuing to head the advisory group for integrated development of power coal and renewable energy.
When the Modi government took charge this year, many had expected a cabinet position for Prabhu, who's known for shepherding the Electricity Act that formed the backbone for power sector reforms. In September, the government decided to elevate Prabhu but it took a while to formalise his role due to finance minister Arun Jaitley having to take time off for health reasons and assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana .
He held a meeting of experts, economists and officials on Saturday at the Prime Minister's Office on Saturday, said government sources.
While refusing to confirm or deny a possibility of his possible induction in the cabinet, Suresh Prabhu said: "The only person with the prerogative to decide that is Mr. Narendra Modi."
"Prabhu is set to play a key role in the Modi government once his appointment is notified officially. He is in the process of shifting his base to New Delhi from Mumbai as his engagements are on the rise in the national capital," said one of his close associates.
He's known for holding Modi in high regard. Prabhu, along with industrialist Gautam Adani, did not attend the Wharton Economic Forum in March last year to protest against the cancellation of Modi's keynote address. He had found the decision "ridiculous".
In the past, Prabhu has held important portfolios in the central government, including power, industry, environment, chemicals and fertilisers, heavy industry and public enterprises.
A chartered accountant, law graduate and research scholar, in June Prabhu was made the head of the advisory group for integrated development of power, coal and renewable energy that seeks to put ailing sectors back on track. The government is expected to draw from Prabhu's experience.
"Prabhu was a frequent visitor to Gujarat and worked closely with then chief minister Modi on several issues, including promotion of renewable energy. His experience in handling ministries such as power, environment and forests, industry, chemicals and fertilisers, heavy industries and public enterprises will be useful for the Modi government," said the person cited above. He added that Prabhu, who is spearheading Modi's agenda for the G-20 meeting in Australia, visited that country recently to prepare the ground for the PM's trip.
In an ET interview in May, Prabhu said the government should get more than 100 projects worth Rs 7 lakh crore moving again and usher in a new policy paradigm to boost infrastructure investment to $10 trillion in three decades.
He had also suggested that in order to boost employment opportunities, a key plank of the Modi campaign, laws that obstruct labour-intensive industries need to be reviewed so that India can develop industrial clusters as in China. He also finds mining a "necessary evil" but feels that proper distribution of royalty can curb local unrest.
Prabhu is a strong advocate of introducing reforms in the government decision-making process. He wants parliament and its committees — and not just ministries — to play a key role in formulating policies. He's in favour of empowering committees consisting of members of Parliament from different parties to come up with foolproof guidelines to introduce transparency and avoid controversies. In the past, Prabhu has chaired the task force for interlinking of rivers, a post with cabinet rank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi govt reconstitutes climate change panel  no member from industryNarendra Modi government reconstitutes climate change panel, no member from industry
ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Centre for Science and Environment
(The 18-member council headed…)
NEW DELHI: Barely three weeks before crucial negotiations in Lima, the government has reconstituted the Prime Minister's Council on Climate Change, reducing its size and dropping members, including sole industry representative Ratan Tata and Centre for Science and Environment director general Sunita Narain .
The 18-member council headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi will, like its predecessor panel, focus on national action for assessment, adaptation and mitigation of climate change. ET had first reported about the Prime Minister's plan to reconstitute the panel (October 9).
While the council will advise the government on domestic measures on climate change, it is clear from its membership that the deliberations of the panel would feed into India's stance in the global negotiations. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change said in a report on Sunday the window of opportunity for governments to prevent the severe and irreversible impact of climate change was fast closing.
The reconstituted council comprises mostly the ministers for external affairs, finance, environment, water, agriculture, urban development, science and technology, power, coal and renewable energy, as well as the cabinet secretary, foreign secretary and environment secretary. As in the previous council, ministers handling rural development and industry have been left out.
"The preponderance of government members does not mean that the government is not interested in experts and other voices," a senior official said. "The panel has been reconstituted in a manner to ensure wider and diverse participation of experts, without additional demands on their time, as would be the case if they were to be full-time members."
IPCC chief and the Energy & Resources Institute chairperson RK Pachauri , economist Nitin Desai and Chandrashekhar Dasgupta, former diplomat and a member of the Indian climate change negotiating team up until the Copenhagen round of talks in 2009, were retained.
Ajay Mathur, director general of the Bureau of Energy Efficiency, also remains on the panel. Mathur was a member of India's negotiating team in Durban and the key architect of the climate technology arrangements set up under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).
The new entrant to the panel is JM Mauskar, former co-chair of the Ad-hoc Working Group on the Durban Platform, under the aegis of the UNFCCC . Mauskar, a long-standing member of the Indian negotiating team, was special secretary in the ministry of environment and forests.
The panel is left with no industry representation after Tata was dropped. Industry is a key stakeholder in addressing climate change, especially since the focus will be on increasing the share of renewable energy and introducing mandatory energy efficiency norms in manufacturing processes, buildings and appliances.
"The government has opted not to name any one member of industry to allow for wider and more focused participation.
This will allow for the government to invite representatives of the different sectors to join the panel's deliberations on a sustained and fruitful basis," official sources told ET.
Countries have agreed to put in place a new global compact to address climate change and limit its impact by December 2015 in Paris. As part of this effort, each country is expected to put forward efforts and actions to tackle climate change.
There is some apprehension that the choice of members may preclude a more pro-active engagement by India at the climate talks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama Outlines Immediate Goals For CongressObama Outlines Immediate Goals For Congress, Including Force Against ISIS
Posted:
reddit
President Barack Obama spoke about the midterm elections Wednesday, telling every American -- including those who didn't vote -- "I hear you."
"The American people sent a message, one that they've sent for several elections now. They expect the people they elect to work as hard as they do," Obama said. "They expect us to focus on their ambitions, not ours. They want us to get the job done."
Obama outlined several goals he has for the immediate future, noting he's going to engage Congress on a new resolution to use military force against the Islamic State, a militant group formerly known as ISIS or ISIL. Obama also said he's submitted a request to Congress for funds to help implement a strategy to contain and end the Ebola outbreak, and that he wants to work with Congress to pass a budget for the rest of the fiscal year.
Obama said he spoke with House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) and soon-to-be Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) earlier on Wednesday, congratulating them on their party's success on Tuesday.
"Obviously Republicans had a good night," Obama said.
Obama said he would work to make the next two years "as productive as possible," saying he's "eager" to find ways to work together with Republicans on issues Americans care about.
“Congress will pass some bills I cannot sign. I’m pretty sure I’ll take some actions that some in Congress will not like," Obama said.
However, he added, "As president I have the unique responsibility to try to make this town work."
Republicans seized the Senate last night, picking up seats in Arkansas, Colorado, Iowa, Montana, North Carolina, South Dakota and West Virginia. For more news from the midterm elections, go here .
Before the polls closed on Election Day, Obama recognized the tough odds facing Democrats.
"This is probably the worst possible group of states for Democrats since Dwight Eisenhower," Obama told WNPR radio in Connecticut on Tuesday, according to CNN.
"There are a lot of states that are being contested where they just tend to tilt Republican," Obama said.
This is developing... Check back for more...
Also on HuffPost:

Five awesome reasons to start working for yourselfTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Mon 8 Dec, 2014, 1:30 AM IST - India Markets open in 7 hrs 45 mins
Five Reasons To Work For Yourself
Ever dreamt about quitting the rat race and working for yourself? Here are five reasons why you should.
Prev Next
Ever dreamt about quitting the rat race and working for yourself? It’s harder than you think and there are plenty of drawbacks. But it can be a great feeling to work for yourself, plus there are some amazing perks. Here are five reasons to bring those dreams back in the frame. KBB Startup: Success In Your Sixties: COYO All Images: We Heart It
Ever dreamt about quitting the rat race and working for yourself? It’s harder than you think and there are plenty of drawbacks. But it can be a great feeling to work for yourself, plus there are some amazing perks. Here are five reasons to bring those dreams back in the frame. KBB Startup: Success In Your Sixties: COYO All Images: We Heart It
Movies are a great source of inspiration, and while there is no dearth of good fictional movies, what … More » Seven film biographies to inspire every entrepreneur
Today on Yahoo
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Officials fear al Qaeda grooming Indians for big attacksOfficials fear al Qaeda grooming Indian militants for big attacks
By By Sanjeev Miglani | Reuters –  Thu 6 Nov, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: Decrypted communications between Indian Mujahideen (IM) and al Qaeda and testimony from suspects have triggered alarm among intelligence officials in New Delhi: the groups appear to be working together to launch major attacks in the region.
The officials told Reuters that plots they had uncovered included the kidnapping of foreigners and turning India into a "Syria and Iraq where violence is continuously happening".
Allegiances between Islamist militant groups can be murky and fleeting, and providing concrete proof of operational ties is notoriously difficult.
But Indian security agencies said evidence they had gathered pointed to growing ties between al Qaeda and IM, a home-grown movement hitherto known for low-level attacks on local targets using relatively crude weapons like pressure cooker bombs.
Weeks after al Qaeda announced the formation of a South Asia wing to strike across the subcontinent, agencies said they had discovered IM members were training with al Qaeda and other groups in Pakistan and Afghanistan for major attacks.
That increases the risk of a more dangerous form of militancy in the world's biggest democracy, which has been largely spared the kind of violence that regularly rocks its neighbour Pakistan and, beyond it, Afghanistan.
Security officials cite last Sunday's deadly suicide bombing on the Pakistani side of a border crossing with India, and a terror alert on Tuesday at two eastern ports that forced the Indian navy to withdraw two ships, as evidence that militant coordination and activity are on the rise.
"The thing we are looking for is how al Qaeda/ISIS tie up with local groups, especially as the drawdown takes place in Afghanistan," said Sharad Kumar, head of the NIA (National Investigation Agency), the country's main counter-terrorism arm.
HARDENED FIGHTERS HEAD HOME?
ISIS, also known as Islamic State, has carved out swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria, but its influence over militant groups in South Asia is believed to be limited so far.
Al Qaeda is deeply entrenched, however, with leader Ayman al-Zawahri believed to be hiding near the Afghan-Pakistan border and its militants fighting NATO forces in Afghanistan. Foreign combat troops are due to withdraw at the end of the year.
Some members of IM are already fighting alongside al Qaeda in Afghanistan, according to an Indian government chargesheet against 11 suspected members of the group alleged to have plotted attacks in India.
The worry is that more battle hardened fighters could now turn their sights on their homeland.
Others have enlisted with al Qaeda to try to carry out kidnappings of Jews in India and Nepal to secure the release of Pakistani Aafia Siddiqui, a neuroscientist jailed for 86 years in the United States for attempting to kill U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan.
Siddiqui is a cause-celebre among global militant groups, including Islamic State, which proposed swapping her for American journalist James Foley before executing him when its demands were not met.
IM has also been urged by al Qaeda to open a base in Myanmar to avenge attacks on Rohingya Muslims, said the chargesheet prepared by the NIA, which has gathered hundreds of pieces of evidence of Internet conversations and meetings between militants in India, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
"ITCHING FOR ACTION"
The Internet chats, which the United States helped Indian investigators to decipher, reveal tensions between IM and Pakistan's powerful Inter-Services Intelligence agency, which India says has nurtured the group with finance and equipment.
In one conversation, Riaz Bhatkal, one of the founders of IM now based in the Pakistani city of Karachi, tells his men that it was important to build direct ties with al Qaeda, cutting out Pakistan agents whom he described as "dogs".
He talks about visiting al Qaeda leaders in the tribal belt on the Afghan-Pakistan border, despite ISI orders not to do so.
"It has been clear for some time that there is no group that is fully within ISI control. They are all itching for independent action, some want to have a go at us immediately," said an Indian security official.
Pakistani officials deny they have links with the militants.
"This is an outdated story. It does not serve any purpose for Pakistan to support such groups," said a senior intelligence official in Islamabad, requesting anonymity as he was not authorised to speak to the media about the issue.
"These terrorists are openly attacking us, the army, innocent civilians, everyone here is a target," he told Reuters. "Why would they do so if we were helping them in any way?"
On Sunday, at least 57 Pakistanis were killed in a suicide bombing at Wagah, near the Indian border, which the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar group, whose leader has ties to al Qaeda, said was also aimed at India.
A spokesman issued a direct warning to nationalist prime minister, Narendra Modi, saying his group would avenge the killings of Muslims in the disputed region of Kashmir and Gujarat, which Modi governed from 2001 to 2014.
Two Indian naval warships were abruptly ordered back to sea on Tuesday, a day after they docked at Kolkata port after intelligence agencies issued a terror alert.
On Wednesday the warning was widened to the neighbouring Haldia port, the site of a huge petrochemicals complex.
Kolkata Port Trust deputy chairman Manish Jain, who is also in charge of the Haldia port complex, said security had been enhanced several times over in both the ports.
He did not have more details, but a police officer in Kolkata said they had been warned of an attack by Pakistan-based militants.
"It is the Afghan drawdown, there is a competition to do something spectacular. Wagah was the first," the officer said.
(Additional reporting by Mehreen Zahra-Malik in ISLAMABAD, Andrew MacAskill in NEW DELHI and Sujoy Dhar in KOLKATA; Editing by Mike Collett-White and John Chalmers)
Recommend

Govinda bonds with the two young divasCelebrity
Saif's family at a special screening of 'Happy Ending'
The entire cast was present at the screening Saif Ali Khan, Ileana D’Cruz and Kalki Koechlin. Also to support Saif, wife Kareena Kapoor Khan,son Ibrahim, sister Soha Ali Khan and her fiancé Kunal Khemu came along together to enjoy the movie.
Kareena Kapoor Khan came along with Saif Ali Khan. She is doing a cameo in the movie and she was very excited for the movie. She loved the role Saif Ali Khan is playing she revealed in her recent ... more 
Kareena Kapoor Khan came along with Saif Ali Khan. She is doing a cameo in the movie and she was very excited for the movie. She loved the role Saif Ali Khan is playing she revealed in her recent interviews. less 
1 / 30

L&T results; what investors could watch out forYou are here: Home > Collections
Here's what investors should expect from L&T Q2 results due on Friday
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 6, 2014, 02.22PM IST
Tags:
L&T
(India's largest engineering…)
NEW DELHI: Larsen & Toubro Ltd (L&T) is scheduled to report its results for the quarter ended September 30 on Friday.
India's largest engineering and construction company is expected to report a 14 per cent YoY growth in standalone net profit number to Rs 984 crore for the quarter ended September 30, as compared to Rs 865 crore reported in the year-ago period, said an ET Now Poll.
The company did not report consolidated numbers last year so there is no year-on-year comparison available.
On a standalone basis, net sales are likely to grow by 12 per cent to Rs 13,731 crore for the second quarter of the current fiscal year, as compared to Rs 12,308 crore reported in the year-ago period.
EBIDTA is seen at Rs 1,500 crore, or a 26 per cent rise in the second quarter of the financial year 2015, compared to Rs 1,190 crore reported in the year ago period. EBITDA margins are likely to expand to 10.9 per cent as compared to 9.7 per cent reported in the year ago period.
Factors to Watch:
Expect Rs 35,000 crore of order inflow for Q2 L&T announced Rs 21,500 cr of orders in Q2 Hydrocarbons, Forgings, and Shipyard losses are likely to impact consolidated results Higher expenses, finance costs, high tax rates will impact PAT
Guidance:
20 per cent of order inflow for FY15 15 per cent revenue growth guidance for FY15
FEATURED ARTICLES

Here Are Some Things That Soon-To-Be Iowa Senator Joni Ernst Actually SaidHere Are Some Things That Soon-To-Be Iowa Senator Joni Ernst Actually Said
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Voters in Iowa elected Republican Joni Ernst to the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, making her the state's first woman senator.
Ernst, a state senator and lieutenant colonel in the Iowa National Guard, catapulted to stardom during the GOP primary with ads featuring her castrating hogs and pulling a handgun from her purse. The spots also helped Ernst win support from prominent Republicans, including New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida. The woman who branded herself a "mother, soldier, leader” convinced Republicans she was the party's best chance to turn red a Senate seat held by retiring Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin.
While Ernst propelled herself to victory by painting herself as a Midwestern woman who grew up on a farm, Democrats pointed to questionable statements to claim she's a hard-right conservative, if not a conspiracy theorist.
Agenda 21
While campaigning last November, Ernst backed a right-wing theory that the United Nations' sustainable development plan Agenda 21 is a conspiracy that would enable the government to strip Americans of their freedom and eliminate private property rights.
All of us agreed that Agenda 21 is a horrible idea. One of those implications to Americans, again, going back to what did it does do to the individual family here in the state of Iowa, and what I've seen, the implications that it has here is moving people off of their agricultural land and consolidating them into city centers, and then telling them that you don't have property rights anymore. These are all things that the UN is behind, and it's bad for the United States and bad for families here in the state of Iowa.
States Can Nullify Federal Laws
At a forum held by Iowa's Faith & Freedom Coalition in July, Ernst suggested that states can somehow nullify laws passed by the federal government.
You know we have talked about this at the state legislature before, nullification. But, bottom line is, as U.S. senator, why should we be passing laws that the states are considering nullifying? Bottom line: our legislators at the federal level should not be passing those laws. We’re right ... we’ve gone 200-plus years of federal legislators going against the 10th Amendment’s states’ rights. We are way overstepping bounds as federal legislators. So, bottom line, no we should not be passing laws as federal legislators -- as senators or congressman -- that the states would even consider nullifying. Bottom line.
WMDs In Iraq
Ernst told the Des Moines Register's editorial board in May that she believed there were weapons of mass destruction found during the United States' invasion of Iraq. From the Daily Beast :
"We don't know that there were weapons on the ground when we went in," she said, "however, I do have reason to believe there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq." When a Register reporter quizzed her on what information she has, Ernst said, "My husband served in Saudi Arabia as the Army Central Command sergeant major for a year and that's a hot-button topic in that area."
Ernst later clarified those comments in a statement conceding that there were no WMDs in Iraq, although the country had used them before.
47 Percent Mentality
Audio recorded by Radio Iowa in 2013 revealed that Ernst, like many conservatives, holds a "makers vs. takers" view toward social welfare programs. But as Greg Sargent reported , her comments went further than former GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney's infamous "47 percent" video.
We’re looking at Obamacare right now. Once we start with those benefits in January, how are we going to get people off of those? It’s exponentially harder to remove people once they’ve already been on those programs ... we rely on government for absolutely everything. And in the years since I was a small girl up until now into my adulthood with children of my own, we have lost a reliance on not only our own families, but so much of what our churches and private organizations used to do. They used to have wonderful food pantries. They used to provide clothing for those that really needed it. But we have gotten away from that. Now we’re at a point where the government will just give away anything.
Climate Change Skeptic
While hardly unique among Republicans, Ernst has claimed she does not possess the scientific knowhow to weigh in on whether humans are causing climate change. But she did chalk it up to "cyclic changes in the weather" during an interview in May.
Yes, we do see climates change, but I have not seen proven proof that it is entirely man-made. I think we do have cyclic changes in weather, and I think that's been throughout the course of history. What impact is man-made. ... but I do think we can educate people to make good choices.
She Really Likes Her Gun
An ad featuring Ernst shooting at a target that is supposed to represent the federal government isn't the first time she has used such a stark metaphor. Speaking at a 2012 NRA event , Ernst said her firearm would help protect her if the government imposes on her rights.
I have a beautiful little Smith & Wesson, 9 millimeter, and it goes with me virtually everywhere. But I do believe in the right to carry, and I believe in the right to defend myself and my family -- whether it’s from an intruder, or whether it’s from the government, should they decide that my rights are no longer important.
Ernst also has suggested that President Barack Obama should be impeached , expressed openness to privatizing Social Security , called for abortion providers to be punished if a fetal personhood bill were passed, and opposed a federal minimum wage hike .
live blog

Amanda Knox Is Now A Freelance Reporterreddit
Amanda Knox has gone from making the news to writing it herself.
Nearly a year after being found guilty of murder for the second time , Knox is currently working as a freelance reporter for the West Seattle Herald , a local weekly newspaper in Washington.
The paper's managing editor, Ken Robinson, told The Huffington Post that Knox has been writing for the paper for a few months.
"She sent over some writing samples," Robinson said. "And then I asked her to do some coverage of the West Seattle arts scene. This is her hometown paper."
At first, Knox used a pen name, but she has recently started writing under her own byline, even covering local human interest stories, such as this Kickstarter campaign for a cashew milk company .
“She’s a great writer, she knows the arts and she’s dependable ,” Robinson told Q13 FOX News. “She's kind of a dream for a small community paper. She never misses a deadline."
Robinson told HuffPost he's never met Knox in person; they've only corresponded by email.
Knox and her Italian former boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito, were first arrested for the murder of Knox's British study-abroad roommate , Meredith Kercher, in 2007. The two were found guilty in an Italian court in 2009 but were acquitted in 2011, at which point Knox returned to the United States. In January 2014, the court upheld the 2009 guilty verdict and sentenced Knox and Sollecito to more than 25 years. Knox has not been extradited to Italy while her case is appealed.
Her story has been adapted into two films: a 2011 Lifetime original movie starring Hayden Panettiere and a version starring supermodel Cara Delevingne .
Also on HuffPost:

US FDA withdraws approval for 2 Ranbaxy generic drugsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
US FDA withdraws approval for 2 Ranbaxy generic drugs
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, November 6:  
The US Food and Drug Administration has rescinded approvals given to Ranbaxy Laboratories for two drugs in 2008, the company informed the Bombay Stock Exchange on Thursday.
The tentative nod given to Ranbaxy to manufacture and sell esomeprazole magnesium delayed-release capsules (20 mg and 40 mg) for heartburn and for anti-viral valganciclovir hydrochloride tablets (450 mg), in February and June of 2008, respectively, have been withdrawn since the regulator felt its decisions to grant approval were in error.
“FDA has said that its original decisions granting tentative approvals were in error because of the compliance status of the facilities referenced in the ANDAs at the time the tentative approvals were granted,” Ranbaxy said.
The company had received approval from FDA to launch the first generic versions of AstraZeneca’s heartburn medicine Nexium and Roche’s antiviral Valcyte. Ranbaxy had, as a result, a six-month period of exclusivity for launching the generic equivalent of Valcyte, which now stands cancelled.
AstraZeneca’s patent on Nexium ended in May this year, while Roche’s patent is to expire in March 2015. Roche had earlier challenged Ranbaxy when it had filed its ANDA for approval, citing alleged patent infringement on valganciclovir.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Tax leaks set to spur state aid probesState aid probes set to intensify in wake of leaks
Vanessa Houlder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec213dac-65da-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Woman Accused Of Witchcraft Burned Alive In ParaguayWoman Accused Of Witchcraft Burned Alive In Paraguay
Posted:
reddit
ASUNCION, Paraguay (AP) — An indigenous woman was burned alive in Paraguay after being accused of witchcraft, a local prosecutor confirmed Wednesday.
Prosecutor Fany Aguilera said that members of the Mbya Guarani ethnic group tied 45-year-old Adolfina Ocampos to a wooden pole and shot arrows at her before they burned her alive. Ocampos was sentenced to death last week by the community's chief in Tahehyi, a village some 180 miles (290 kilometers) north of the capital, Asuncion. The date of the killing was unclear.
Aguilera has charged nine men in the village with first-degree murder, and they have already acknowledged killing the woman.
A report by the UN Refugee Agency estimates that thousands of people worldwide are accused of being witches every year. The UN says they are often abused, cast out of their families and communities and sometimes killed.
But the case here is unusual.
"I've been working in Paraguay for 40 years and I can't remember a similar episode of an execution for alleged sorcery," said Jose Zanardini, an Italian anthropologist and Catholic priest. "The tragic death of this woman is isolated and out of the ordinary within the coexistence of Paraguay's 20 ethnic indigenous groups. In general, the Indians are very peaceful and tolerant."
The state agency for the protection of indigenous peoples said in a statement Wednesday that "although the indigenous communities are ruled by customary law, their acts cannot violate the constitutional rights of respecting the life and the liberty of people."
More:

Libya s top court dissolves elected parliamentA Libyan military soldier talks on a walkie-talkie outside an empty damaged building that was used by Islamic militias during heavy clashes in Benghazi, Libya.
By: Associated Press | Tripoli | Posted: November 7, 2014 12:11 am
In a blow to anti-Islamist factions, Libya’s highest court on Thursday ruled that general elections held in June were unconstitutional, the country’s parliament and government which resulted from that vote should be dissolved.
The development further deepened the rift in the politically divided Libya, which has been mired in months-long bitter clashes and turmoil that have left the country with two rival parliaments and governments, killed hundreds and displaced whole populations of war-torn cities and towns.
The Supreme Constitutional Court issued its ruling from the capital of Tripoli, which is controlled by Islamist-allied militias from the powerful western coastal city of Misrata.
The militias, which took Tripoli in August, revived an earlier parliament that ran the country before the elections. They also forced the recently elected parliament, dominated by anti-Islamists, to convene in the far eastern city of Tobruk.
The fact that Libya’s top court ruled from Tripoli raises the question whether it did so under pressure from the militias.  The ruling declared illegal a March amendment to the country’s transitional constitution that laid out the roadmap to the June elections, hence effectively rendering the parliament and government that followed the vote also illegal.
The Tobruk parliament convened following Thursday’s ruling but it was unclear if lawmakers would officially reject it.
Abu-Bakr Baeira, a leading lawmaker in the Tobruk parliament, described the court’s decision as “politicised” and warned it would only further partition Libya.
“Tripoli is hijacked,” Baeira, who is a strong advocate for setting up a semi-autonomous region in eastern Libya, told The Associated Press over the phone from Tobruk. “We don’t recognise anything that comes out of it.”
The parliament’s deputy speaker, however, hailed the ruling as a “victory for the nation.” Saleh al-Makhzoum said it had rendered the Tobruk parliament “nonexistent.”
In Misrata, rallies were held, complete with fireworks, to celebrate the ruling.
Former lawmaker and historian Faraj Najm said the ruling resets Libya “back to square one” and that the choices now before the Tobruk-based parliament are “between bad and worse.”
If lawmakers reject the ruling, “we will end up with two entities, both with questions over their legality,” he said.
The United Nations Support Mission in Libya, or UNSMIL, said it was studying the ruling and warned rival camps from taking actions that only “escalate the existing polarization or result in a further deterioration of the security situation.”
The Tobruk parliament was Libya’s second elected legislature since longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi was overthrown and killed in a 2011 uprising against his rule.  Since then, Libya has been gripped by unrest as authorities struggled to reign in regional, ideological and other militias vying for power.
Meanwhile, full-blown war is underway in the eastern city of Benghazi _ the birthplace of continued…

PM Modi to visit Varanasi today  likely to inaugurate several projectsPrime Minister Narendra Modi launched his model village project in Uttar Pradesh’s Jayapur on Friday, saying it was the village that was adopting him and not the other way round.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugrates a trade facilitation centre for weavers in Varanasi. (PTI Photo)
Modi, who won the Lok Sabha election from Varanasi, is on a two-day visit to the holy city, his first after becoming Prime Minister. He was in Jayapur to launch the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana, under which every parliamentarian has to adopt a village in his constituency and remodel it.
“I have not adopted Jayapur; it’s Jayapur that has adopted me,” Modi said to a rousing reception. “The model village would become a model for others to emulate, when one is ready, the rest will follow.”
Calling himself a “sevak”, the Prime Minister appealed to the villagers to ensure their children washed their hands before a meal and to check the killing of the girl child.
“Female foeticide is shocking,” he said. “Supposing the male-female ratio is 1000:800. It means that 200 males won’t have a girl to marry. Let’s begin a new chapter; let’s celebrate the birth of girl child.”
Modi said it was the small and simple things that make a difference, urging the people to take pride in the village.
 
“You may think what kind of a PM talks of public participation in solving local issues, to take our children to polio booths, ensure cleanliness and the need to honour our elders or to celebrate the birthdays of our villages,” he said. “That’s the problem. So far tall talks have led to nothing. I want to do big things by getting things done the right way.”
He said those who were in a sudden rush to get villages selected under the model village scheme were wrong to believe that money is going to flow into such villages. “That’s not going to happen for this is a self-driven scheme, which doesn’t have any financial provision,” he said.
The PM said he chose Jayapur because it was the first village he had heard of after arriving in Varanasi.
Modi arrived at the airport located at Babatpur near Varanasi around 10:00am and left straight for Bada Lalpur village.
He will interact with the general public in Ravindrapuri locality of the city and hold a meeting with local BJP leaders at the guest house of Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW).
Modi is also scheduled to unveil a statue of Swami Vivekananda, whom he has always held as his icon, at Vijayanagaram Tiraha crossroad in the city.
He is also likely to visit a hospital situated inside the "ashram" set up by followers of spiritual leader Shri Anandamay Maa.
Security has been tightened for the Prime Minister's visit. According to inspector general of police (public grievances) Ashok Jain, 12 SP rank police officials of Uttar Pradesh, 18 additional SPs, 20 deputy SPs, 135 sub-inspectors, besides more than 1,000 personnel of the Provincial Armed Constabulary have been deployed.
The Special Protection Group which is responsible for the Prime Minister's security would be assisted by officials and personnel of the Uttar Pradesh police.
The Prime Minister's visit, which is likely to last a little over 24 hours, has sent soaring the hope of a better future among residents of the holy town, which has been facing crumbling infrastructure and lack of basic amenities.
Among the oldest cities in the world, Varanasi has been constantly in the spotlight ever since Modi chose to retain the constituency he had won by a huge margin of 3.7 lakh votes, vacating Vadodara in his home state of Gujarat where his victory (by 5.7 lakh votes) was even bigger.
(With inputs from agencies)

One dead  4 missing as naval vessel sinks off Visakhapatnam coastOne dead, 4 missing as naval vessel sinks off Visakhapatnam coast
PTI  Visakhapatnam/New Delhi, November 06, 2014
First Published: 22:59 IST(6/11/2014) | Last Updated: 11:08 IST(7/11/2014)
Comments
A Torpedo Recovery Vessel of Indian Navy on Thursday sunk off the Visakhapatnam coast during a naval exercise killing one sailor while four others went missing. 23 people have been rescued and a search and rescue operation was launched for the missing. At the time of the incident which occurred at 8pm, there were 28 personnel on board.
"The vessel was on a routine mission to recover torpedoes fired by fleet ships during a routine exercise, when it experienced flooding in one of its compartments," the Navy said. "One sailor has lost his life during the rescue operation and four personnel are reported missing.
23 personnel have been rescued safely by the Search and Rescue (SAR) ships dispatched to the area," Navy said in a statement issued in Delhi. Navy officials said the flooding happened when the vessel was on its way back after collecting the "dummy" torpedo that was used in the exercise.
"The incident happened within 10-15 kms off Vizag post," a Navy spokesperson said in Visakhapatnam. The boat sunk because of "some flooding", he said.
The Torpedo Recovery Vessel (TRV) is an auxiliary vessel which is used to recover practice torpedoes fired by fleet ships and submarines. The ship, which is 23 meters long and 6.5 meters at the beam, was built by Goa Shipyard in 1983 and has served the Indian Navy for the last 31 years.
The accident is one of the many that the Navy has witnessed over the last year. Navy chief Admiral R K Dhowan took over as the Chief of the Naval Staff on April 17 this year, after his predecessor D K Joshi quit following a series of accidents.
Admiral Joshi's resignation came immediately after a fire on the INS Sindhuratna, which left two sailors dead. On October 31, INS Kora suffered minor damage after it was scraped by a merchant vessel near Visakhapatnam.

Financial Technologies sells entire stake in Indian Energy ExchangeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ranbaxy slips nearly 5% as US pulls approval for AstraZeneca and Roche drugsYou are here: Home > Collections
Ranbaxy slips nearly 5% as US pulls approval for AstraZeneca and Roche drugs
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 7, 2014, 11.10AM IST
Tags:
AstraZeneca
(The FDA has stripped Ranbaxy of…)
NEW DELHI: Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd slipped as much as 4.7 per cent in trade on Friday, after the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has revoked a tentative approval for Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd to make a cheap copy of AstraZeneca Plc's heartburn drug Nexium, after its Indian plants were banned over quality control issues.
The FDA has also stripped Ranbaxy of tentative approval and six-month exclusivity for a copy of Roche Holding AG's antiviral Valcyte, a fresh blow to the Indian company that has been hit by a raft of regulatory bans over poor production quality, Reuters reported.
At 09:20 a.m.; Ranbaxy Laboratories was trading 3.7 per cent lower at Rs 629.40. It hit a low of Rs 623 and a high of Rs 634 in trade today.
The US regulator has banned output from all Ranbaxy's India-based plants under a wider scrutiny of the country's $15 billion pharmaceutical industry, which is the largest supplier of generic medicines to the United States, added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian Shares Slump  Euro Wallows Near LowsYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Slump, Euro Wallows Near Lows
Reuters | Updated On: November 07, 2014 09:29 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Tokyo: Asian shares edged down on Friday ahead of US employment data later in the session, while the euro wallowed around two-year lows after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi vowed to take more easing steps to spark growth in the euro zone.
Investors were likely to remain cautious ahead of the key US nonfarm payrolls report. Solid gains in employment would increase speculation that the USFederal Reserve could raise US interest rates in the middle of next year.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down about 0.3 per cent, on track for a weekly loss of about 1.7 per cent.
Japan's Nikkei stock average rose 0.4 per cent, poised to gain over 2 per cent for the week following the Bank of Japan's surprise easing move on October 31.
"Valuation is still cheap, but people are cautious as the market seems overheated," said Jun Yunoki, a strategist at Nomura Securities in Tokyo.
On Thursday, Wall Street rose in a volatile session, with the Dow Jones industrial average and S&P 500 hitting record closing highs. European shares posting modest gains after Draghi said further stimulus steps mean the ECB's balance sheet would be as large as it was in March 2012, when it grew to 3 trillion euros.
Draghi's remarks came after the ECB kept interest rates at a record low of 0.05 per cent.
"The trade in FX still centers around policy divergence and in Draghi's own words, the 'main message' today is that 'ECB assets will expand as others contract.' As long as there is a risk of additional easing from the ECB, the euro will remain under pressure," said Kathy Lien, managing director at BK Asset Management in New York, in a note to clients.
But with speculators holding the largest amount of euro/dollar short positions since July 2012, the single currency is vulnerable to a short squeeze up to $1.2600, she added, and said she viewed any euro rallies as an opportunity to sell before its eventual move down to $1.2250.
In Asian trading, the euro edged up to $1.2381 after brushing a more than two-year low of $1.2370.
The dollar bought 115.18 yen, not far from a fresh 7-year peak of 115.52 touched overnight.
Japanese cabinet ministers expressed concern about the yen's rapid fall, suggesting that the government may be trying to ward off criticism that it is intentionally devaluing its currency to boost exporters' competitiveness.
Later on Friday, the nonfarm payrolls are expected to show a rise of 231,000 jobs last month after increasing 248,000 in September, according to a Reuters survey of economists. The jobless rate is seen steady at a six-year low of 5.9 percent.
US data on Thursday showed the number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits fell more than expected to 278,000 last week, compared with forecasts of 285,000. Claims have now been below the 300,000 threshold for eight straight weeks, suggesting that employment growth was gaining momentum.
The Australian dollar fell to its weakest since July 2010 and was last flat on the day at $0.8558. In its quarterly monetary policy report, the Reserve Bank of Australia highlighted the strong local currency as a key source of uncertainty as the central bank forecast sub-par domestic growth.
In commodities trading, spot gold was steady at $1,140.80 an ounce, not far from a 4-1/2 year low and set to post its third straight weekly drop.
The stronger dollar and supply fears continued to pressure oil prices. Brent dropped about 0.5 percent to $82.43 a barrel, while US crude fell about 0.3 per cent to $77.66.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Australian spy agency warns of G20 cyberattacksAustralian spy agency warns of G20 cyberattacks
PTI
Tweet
Sydney, Nov 7:  
An Australian intelligence agency has warned that cyber-criminals will target the upcoming G20 summit in Brisbane, saying that they could include state-sanctioned hackers, trade spies or activists.
As world leaders prepare to visit the Queensland state capital for the high-powered November 15-16 meeting, the Australian Signals Directorate (ASD) has reportedly been briefing industry about the threat.
“Targeting of high-profile events such as the G20 by state-sponsored or other foreign adversaries, cyber-criminals and issue-motivated groups is a real and persistent threat,” the directorate said in its G20 cyber-security advice.
It said malicious e-mails appearing to relate to summits held in 2012 and 2013 had been sent to Australian government agencies to compromise computer networks and seek information.
A spokesman for CREST Australia, which provides cyber and information security to individuals and businesses, said today that hackers could have a wide range of motivations.
“They would love to just, you know, get into the traffic light system for example and just disrupt that. And what they’re after really is free international media,” Greg Rudd told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
Rudd said hackers also tried to disguise their attacks, making it harder to know from where they originated.
“Because China is an obvious suspect and Russia is an obvious suspect, a lot of hackers all over the world have gone out of their way and developed it into a bit of an art form to lay the blame at China and Russia’s feet for all sorts of hacks,” he said.
The ASD, which provides foreign signals intelligence to the Australian government and military, warned that the most commonly used technique to gain access to networks was via socially engineered emails.
These e-mails, which often appear work-related or from a friend or acquaintance, attempt to deceive the receiver into clicking on a link or an attachment which can install malicious software onto their computer.
Once installed, this software can facilitate the theft of information.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

Country restless over RSS s intrusion in govt: CPMCPI(M) Politburo member Brinda Karat today expressed concern over “intrusion” of RSS in all the government institutions and said that people who had voted Narendra Modi to power on development plank are “restless” due to it.
“RSS has access to power, RSS is partner to power in Modi government,” Karat said.
“Courtesy Modiji and his party, RSS has not only intruded in all the government institutions but is also increasing its partnership,” she said.
Karat was delivering a lecture titled: ‘Results of multifarious changes in Indian politics’ in memory of Prof Ganga Sharma.
“An organisation (RSS) that did not accept our nation’s Constitution, and when BJP came to power, it has got access to power…public has not voted Modiji for it,” the CPM leader said.
“People of this country are not happy and are restless because they have voted Modiji on development plank in LS polls…I wonder how RSS leadership will run entire country’s system…”
“But the development that is visible now is for whom… labourers are attacked (Hamla)…farmers are attacked… MNREGA is being weakend…forest rights are being finished… then the development for whom and at what cost… The development is not of Dalits, minorities, women, tribals,” she questioned. .
“It is clearly visible that development is for Corporate sector, but the people of this country did not vote Modiji for this corporate… ”
“Your (Modi) definition of development itself is raising serious questions before all these people waiting for their rights,” she said.
Commenting on the upcoming Delhi polls, Karat said, “Recent communal tensions in Trilokpuri and Bawana areas are reflection on present politics. The way RSS and its organisations flaring up communal sentiments is very dangerous now.”
“Jahar ki kheti par vote lena Janvadi pranali par theek nahin hai (Seeking vote by cultivating poison in society is not a right thing in a democratic system),” she said.
“There is clear involvement of RSS and BJP leaders in Bawana/Triolkpuri incident…in the name of cow slaughtering a campaign is being run in Haryana and Delhi and a few areas are put on target…it is their planned way,” she said.
“Dharam (religion) has a special place in heart and brain of every citizen…”
“But by twisting Dharam, they (BJP/RSS) using it as a weapon to achieve political goals and political rashtra… Aditya Nath’s criminalising language, RSS chief Mohan Bhagawat is giving challenges that ‘Sab Hindu Hain Jo Hindustan Main Hain’…why Modi is silent on these…why he (Modi) is not putting a tweet on them,” she questioned.
“There has to be balance between Astha (belief) and science,” Karat said, referring to Modi’s remark at a science conference in which he had linked plastic surgery to Lord Ganesha.
Assailing Modi’s claims of development on which he was voted by public, Karat said,”It is visible now…from outside it is Modi, from inside it is RSS…from outside it is development, from inside it is devastation….Just one face, one heart, one brain, and one planned aim to neglect secularism and public unity”.
Karat further said,”50 per cent of MPs in Parliament are crorepati and they do not want reforms in MNREGA, labourers’ right… protection to minority, women, Dalits, and tribals”.
There was an urgent need for reforms for Below Poverty Line (BPL) people as wages to urban woman of Rs 32 and Rs 26 to rural woman was “illogical and unjustified” in these times, she said.
“Of course the era of coalition government gone as one major party (Congress) was gone, another party (BJP) took over after decades of mixed government,” she said in her fifty five minutes speech.
Elaborating impact of capitalism, Karat ridiculed that a group of industrialists was advocating for Modi’s economic policies and hailing the changes in development, was that true chain of changes.
TAGS: CPM Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

The Mentalist to end after seventhseasonBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:16 am
Crime procedural TV drama ‘The Mentalist’ is all set to end after the seventh season, CBS has announced. Season seven will also be shortened to only feature 13 episodes, reported Us magazine.
The popular show will, however, be premiering its final installment sooner than anticipated. The two-hour series finale will air on February 18. There were reports that there is a chance that the series, which stars Patrick Jane (Simon Baker) as a fraud-turned-crime solver, could be shopped around to other broadcast or cable networks.
TNT currently airs reruns of ‘The Mentalist’, making it a good choice for a potential new home for the show.

HC grants bail to 4 accusedbuildersPrint
Written by Ruhi Bhasin | Mumbai | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:13 am
Observing the concern for the loss of 74 lives in the Mumbai building collapse in 2013 would indeed be genuine, but the remedy is not to detain the applicants without trail, the Bombay High Court granted bail to four builders held in this connection on the condition of Rs 2 lakh as bail amount.
This would be made available to the trial court to meet part of the compensation amount as might be awarded to the victims, if the applicants are found guilty, the HC ruled.
Justice A M Thipsay said that the applicants seem to be liable at least to a certain extent and certain degree, for the loss of lives and the injuries caused to several persons, at the end of the trial.
“It is not that the applicants do not appear to have committed any offence. But the suggestion that the applicants might agree to deposit some reasonable amount so that, in the event of them being found guilty at the conclusion of the trial, this amount would be available to the trial court to meet part of the amount of compensation as might be awarded to the victims,” said Justice Thipsay.
The HC said if the concern for the loss of lives was genuine, the state or the Thane Municipal Corporation should look at formulating a scheme to ensure that the dependents of the persons who died in the collapse are given compensation.
The building that was being constructed illegally without permission from the civic body.
ruhi.bhasin@expressindia.com

Andhra CM Chndrababu Naidu plans  start-up v...Andhra Pradesh
(Naidu was the only panelist…)
NEW DELHI: Andhra chief minister Chandrababu Naidu has decided to play angel investor to rural innovators by launching what he called 'start-up villages and incubation centres and said the state has tied up with Google and Facebook to help entrepreneurs and farmers get better incomes through online trading.
"It doesn't matter if we lose some money, but we have to promote start-ups as they are the future," the CM said at a session on uniting India's states held at the World Economic Forum's India Economic Summit .
Andhra chief minister Naidu was the only panelist at the session, where four other chief ministers, including Vasundhara Raje and Shivraj Singh Chouhan were expected to attend.
Naidu also said there is a need to change the narrative about economic reforms so that the common man understands the benefits that will accrue to him or her.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Financial Technologies gains over 3% on exiting IEXFinancial Technologies gains over 3% on exiting IEX
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 7, 2014, 10.15AM IST
Tags:
Commission
(The Central Electricity…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Financial Technologies (FTIL) gained over 3 per cent after Jignesh Shah led company willfully exited Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) by selling its entire 25 per cent stake to a clutch of investors, including TVS Shriram Growth Fund.
The stake sale is likely to fetch a little over 570 crores.
FTIL said the company had entered into a share purchase agreement with TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1, Kris S Gopalakrishnan, Lakshmi Narayanan, Rajeev Gupta, Dalmia Cement Bharat Power Ventures, Kiran Vyapar Ltd , TVS Capital Funds and Agri Power and Engineering Solutions for stake sale.
The Central Electricity Regulatory Commission had ordered FTIL to sell its stake after it was declared not 'fit and proper' to hold stakes in exchanges.
"The said transaction is subject to fulfillment of certain condition precedents including buyout of the application software and other technology for its own use only by IEX and regulatory approvals, if any. As per the SPA, the transaction will close within 30 days, unless extended by all the parties," FTIL said in a filing to stock exchanges.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 184.10, up 2.51 per cent, on the BSE. It gained 3.59 per cent to touch a high of Rs 186.05 intraday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

20 ministers may be moved in PM Narendra Modi s Cabinet shake-up on SundayComments
About 20 cabinet ministers and ministers of state (MoS) are likely to be sworn in at a function at Rashtrapati Bhawan on Sunday afternoon in a significant revamp of Narendra Modi's ruling team.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
The Prime Minister is set to expand his 44-member strong council of ministers by inducting new faces, promoting junior ministers and reshuffling the portfolios of many others.  Government sources said that the reshuffled team would likely be unveiled at 1.30pm on Sunday, two days before Modi leaves on a three-nation, 10-day tour. President Pranab Mukherjee , who will swear the ministers in, returns on Saturday from a trip to Bhutan.
The man tipped by many to become India's new defence minister, Manohar Parrikar, all but confirmed that he would be making the move to Delhi. Parrikar, who is chief minister of Goa, flew back to Panaji after meeting Modi and BJP president Amit Shah in Delhi, and told reporters: "I am not comfortable, I have too much affection towards the state. But rationality tells me if nation requires your services, I should take it. Whenever Goa wants my services, I will be there," he said.
Parrikar said that the BJP leadership had told him to accept an assignment at the Centre if it were offered.
"It is the prerogative of the Prime Minister. However, I would like to inform that the party has indicated to me that if such assignment comes, you should accept it,” he said.
Sources at Rashtrapati Bhavan said that the list of ministers to be sworn in is yet to be handed over but confirmed that Modi and Mukherjee had held a half hour discussion at the presidential palace.
BJP's largest ally, the Shiv Sena, is set to get to more berths. Sena sources said that the party may get one MoS with independent charge and another MoS portfolio. The Sena currently has one minister in the cabinet, Anant Geete, who is likely to retain the heavy industries portfolio.
Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu, who is tipped to get a portfolio, remained tight-lipped. Asked if he was being inducted in the Cabinet, Prabhu, who is the PM's sherpa for the upcoming G20 Summit, joked, "That should be on the G20 agenda!”
BJP vice president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, former finance minister Yashwant Sinha’s son Jayant Sinha, Haryana leader Birender Singh, Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, Himachal Pradesh leaders JP Nadda or Anurag Thakur, Bhumihar leaders from Bihar Giriraj Singh or Bhola Singh and a couple of others are in contention for ministerial slots.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu, whose Telugu Desam Party is a BJP ally, also indicated that an expansion of the cabinet was on the cards. "You will know details about the Cabinet expansion in two days," said Naidu, who had walked off stage for a few minutes during an interview at the World Economic Forum's India summit to attend a phone call from somebody he declined to identify. His party currently has one ministry and may get one more.
Parrikar, who led BJP to victory in the 2012 assembly polls in his state, said he was not comfortable about having to shift to the Centre.
"One reservation (about moving to Delhi) is because I have been elected for a five-year term with a popular mandate. My feeling is unless I complete the term it is not right on my part to leave mid-way. If I get an offer from the Prime Minister, then I will let you know what are my reasons for accepting the offer," he said.
Parrikar said he would be meeting BJP MLAs on Friday to brief them about developments. He, however, refused to say anything about who would be his successor. "There are many issues in deciding the successor... his capacity to deliver and to take everyone along. That is the party's internal assessment," he said. State assembly Speaker Rajendra Arlekar, deputy chief minister Francis D'Souza and union minister Sripad Yesso Naik are seen as contenders for the CM’s post.
 

Robert O Neill  the US Navy SEAL who shot Osama bin LadenUnmasking Robert O'Neill, the US Navy SEAL who shot bin Laden
Agencies
New Delhi, November 07, 2014
First Published: 09:03 IST(7/11/2014)
print
A picture of former US Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill, who pumped three shots to the head of elusive al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden during a top-secret 2011 raid on his hideout in Pakistan . (Twitter Photo)
A decorated ex-Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill has been unmasked as the man who pumped three shots to the head of elusive al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden during a top-secret 2011 raid on his hideout in Pakistan.
The identity of Rob O'Neill, 38, was revealed by the special operations community blog SPFrep.com, The Independent reported, adding that he is due to appear in an interview with Fox News to be aired Nov 11 and 12.
The two-part Fox News programme called "The Man Who Killed Osama Bin Laden" would provide "an extensive, first-hand account of the mission, including the unexpected crash of one of the helicopters that night and why SEAL Team Six feared for their lives".
Tom O'Neill, the father of the Navy SEAL Rob, told the Daily Mail that he was not worried about the potential threat posed by Rob revealing his identity as the member of Team Six who shot the Al Qaeda founder three times in the head.
"People are asking if we are worried that ISIS (as the Sunni radical group Islamic State was previously known) will come and get us because Rob is going public. I say I'll paint a big target on my front door and say come and get us," he told the daily.
The veteran, who became a public speaker after his 16 years of service in the US military, was decorated 52 times.
He left as a senior chief petty officer. His decorations include two Silver Stars, four Bronze Stars with Valor, a Joint Service Commendation Medal with Valor, three Presidential Unit citations, and two Navy/Marine Corps Commendations with Valor.
He has reportedly decided to speak out after losing some of his military benefits because he left the SEALS after 16 years instead of serving a full 20 years.
O'Neill was one of 23 SEALS who flew into the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad on the night of 2nd May 2011, but the last to see bin Laden alive.
O'Neill, was last year interviewed by Esquire magazine, where he went under the pseudonym 'The Shooter'. He told how he joined the army at the age of 19 as a reaction to his then-girlfriend leaving him. In this interview, 'The Shooter' goes on to mention that he killed Osama bin Laden with three shots.
After the interview, a serving SEAL was quoted by CNN as disputing O'Neill's account that he had shot bin Laden with three shots. He said that O'Neill had shot bin Laden once in the head after which two more SEALs rushed into the room. They shot him in the chest when they saw him lying mortally-wounded on the floor.
O'Neill served more than a dozen tours of duty in active combat, including Iraq and Afghanistan, undertaking 400 separate combat missions.
He has been a part of many many profile operations. He was the lead jumper on the ship Maersk Alabama, which was taken over Somali pirates in 2009.
His exploits have already been portrayed on the big screen in the action flicks "Zero Dark Thirty", "Captain Phillips" and "Lone Survivor."
 
The revelation of Bin Laden's apparent killer comes a day after the head of the US Naval Warfare Special Command issued a letter warning Navy SEALs against breaking their promise to maintain secrecy after their missions.

Rupee down 11 paise at 61.53 in early tradeRupee ends 21 paise lower at 61.63
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 7:  
The rupee on Friday ended 21 paise lower at 61.63 per dollar against the previous close of 61.42 amid dollar demand from importers and gains in the American dollar overseas.
Forex dealers attributed the rupee’s weakness to increased demand for the US currency from importers. Besides, the dollar’s strength against other currencies overseas put pressure on the rupee, they said. Forex market remained closed yesterday on account of “Guru Nanak Jayanti’’.
A note from India Forex Advisors said, “The key US labour market data and Janet Yellen’s speech will be watched keenly by investors. The US Dollar is expected to bag further gain with the hawkish stance of Fed and ongoing US economic reports.”
Call rates rise, Bond yields
The inter-bank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short-term funds from one another, ended higher at 8.15 per cent from the previous close of 8 per cent.
Yield on the 10-year benchmark 8.40 per cent government security, maturing in 2024, hardened to 8.20 per cent from the previous close of 8.19 per cent. The price of the bond fell to Rs. 101.20 from Rs. 100.36.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

Sensex sheds 78 points; metal  capital goods stocks lose shineSensex ends marginally in the red
Our Bureau/Agencies
Mumbai, Nov 7:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session marginally in the red amid firm European cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended down 47.25 points at 27,868.63 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty ended at 8,337, down 1.3 points.
Among BSE sectoral indices, metal index fell the most by 1.27 per cent, followed by capital goods 0.72 per cent, power 0.65 per cent and auto 0.46 per cent. On the other hand, realty and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 2.43 per cent and 2.28 per cent, respectively.
Dr Reddy's, Sun Pharma, Axis Bank, HUL and ONGC were the top five Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were BHEL, GAIL, SSLT, Hero MotoCorp and HDFC Bank.
European shares
European shares were steady on Friday morning, supported by positive corporate results from blue-chips, including ArcelorMittal, as investors awaited key US monthly jobs data.
At 0843 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was up 0.2 per cent at 1,354.26 points. The index has been stuck in a range over the past week, with strong corporate results offsetting weak European macro data.
"There's still no trend at the moment, this market is driven by short-term speculative positions mostly played by hedge funds," said Jean-Louis Cussac, head of Paris-based firm Perceval Finance.
"With the year coming to an end, a lot of fund managers are more concerned about protecting the gains made so far this year then to make fresh bets."
All eyes were on the US jobs data, due at 1330 GMT. A Reuters survey saw employers hiring new workers at a fairly brisk pace in October, underscoring the economy's resilience in the face of slowing global demand.
The survey forecast 231,000 new jobs were added during the month, after 248,000 in September. The unemployment rate was seen holding steady at a six-year low of 5.9 percent.
Around Europe, Britain's FTSE 100 index was up 0.5 per cent and Germany's DAX up 0.2 per cent, with France's CAC 40 flat.
Most Asian stocks rose, paring a weekly decline on the regional index, after a drop in American jobless claims bolstered optimism in the world’s largest economy before a government report on employment.
The euro wallowed around two-year lows after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi vowed to take more easing steps to spark growth in the euro zone.
Investors were likely to remain cautious ahead of the key US non-farm payrolls report. Solid gains in employment would increase speculation that the US Federal Reserve could raise interest rates in the middle of next year.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

Transporter reboot gets delayed until summer2015It was scheduled to make its way out on March 6, 2015, but moved back to summer.
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:46 am
‘The Transporter Legacy’ is all set to hit theatres on June 19, 2015. The film, which is a sequel of ‘Transporter’, was scheduled to make its way out on March 6, 2015, but moved back to summer, reported Ace showbiz.
It’s set to face off Fox’s drama ‘Paper Towns’ and Pixar’s animation ‘Inside Out (2015)’. Jason Statham will not reprise his tough guy role as driver Frank Martin in this fourth installment. He will be replaced by new guy Ed Skrein.
Other cast members include Loan Chabanol, Radivoje Bukvic, Gabriella Wright and Anatole Taubman.

After catfight  UP seeks two more lions fromGujaratAkhilesh himself monitors work at Etawah’s Lion Safari.
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:42 am
Lions that Gujarat gave to Uttar Pradesh were part of the political discourse during the 2014 Lok Sabha elections with chief ministers of both states trading barbs over it.
A few months on, UP has again written to Gujarat for a pair of big cats — after its Lion Safari in Etawah suffered a major blow with the death of an ailing lioness, Lakshmi, a few days ago. Besides, another ill lion, Vishnu, is showing little signs of recovery, worrying the government further.
“Vishnu is very critical. Not much can be said about his condition,” said Anil Patel, Divisional Forest Officer (DFO), Chambal region that covers the lion safari.
“We are in talks with Gujarat officials and they are ready to give one more pair of lions. The formalities will be over soon,” Patel added. He also said the lions will reach UP in December.
Rupal De, Chief Wild Life Conservator of the state, too, said: “We are in the process of getting another pair of lions from Gujarat as Vishnu’s condition is deteriorating by the day,”
Four pairs of Asiatic lions – three from Gujarat and one from Hyderabad – were brought to the safari. Both Lakshmi and Vishnu were brought from Hyderabad.
Officials claimed the three pairs from Gir in Gujarat were doing fine.
Earlier this year, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chief Minister had traded barbs over animals that they had given to each other.
During a rally in Bareilly, Modi had said the UP Chief Minister could not handle the lions given by the Gujarat government. He also said that Akhilesh should have instead asked for Amul from his state, which would have brought development in UP.
Akhilesh had retorted that the lions were “gifted out of political courtesy” and that it was time to tell about the animals they have given to Gujarat.
Minister of State for Zoo and wildlife Shiv Pratap Yadav, who is monitoring the safari after Laksmi’s death, said: Asiatic lions are available only at Gir in Gujarat. From where else can we get them. It is a normal process of exchange of animals which occurs at zoo level in the country and at times at international level. We also give several animals to Gujarat.  BJP should desist from any politics on the issue.”
Akhilesh himself monitors the development of lion safari that is his father and Samajwadi Party chief’s dream project.
During his Diwali visit to home town Etawah, he had checked on ailing Lakshmi.
Forest officials, meanwhile, claim that the work at lion safari’s will continue as per the schedule. “It will not be affected. Vishnu is critical but the three pairs are fine. We will go ahead with their breeding as per schedule,” Patel stated.
After Lakshmi’s death, veterinarians are present round-the-clock to attend to the lions. A daily report about their well-being is being sent to forest officials in Lucknow.

Tribunal orders probe into pollution inMahulPrint
Written by Anjali Lukose | Mumbai | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:41 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 12:40 pm
The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has directed the environment department to investigate sources of pollution in Mahul village in Chembur, and treat the application filed by residents of Mahul and Ambapada villages against Sealord Containers and Aegis Chemicals for allegedly causing pollution, as a complaint. The tribunal further warned that if the problem of air pollution is not solved within six months, they would take “stern action” and order the industries which handle hazardous material or generate air pollution to re-locate.
The tribunal was hearing the application filed by residents, who had approached NGT this April. The tribunal had, in September, named the units of BPCL Ltd, HPCL Ltd, Tata Power Ltd, Natural Oil Blending Ltd (NOBL), Chemical Terminal Trombay Ltd. (CTIL) and RCF Ltd. in Mahul area as respondents in the case for “generating particulate material and having stack or process emission”. This move came after a report by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) in August had pointed fingers at these companies, which are located in the vicinity of Sealord Containers and Aegis Chemicals, as well.
In its order, the tribunal bench stated that if any particular source is identified, then necessary orders under Section 5 of the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, or under the Air (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, shall be passed without delay, despite the matter being subjudice.
“There can be no denial to the fact that the inhabitants of Mahul area, are suffering from air pollution, notwithstanding the fact that the contribution of individual respondents are yet to be identified,” the order stated. The NGT observed that the residents’ allegation, that Sealord Containers and Aegis Chemicals are the culprits behind pollution, is “yet to be prima facie verified”.
“We are a liquid storage facility. We do not manufacture or process any product. We have a system where all our products are transported via pipelines, with no exposure to environment, so there is no question of us causing pollution. We have always complied with MPCB’s norms,” said Rajiv Chouhan, group president, business development, Sealord Container pvt ltd.
The next date of hearing is November 11.
anjali.lukose@expressindia.com

I took break because I didnt have fire in my belly: Cheryl Fernandez-VersiniBy: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:37 am
Pop star Cheryl Fernandez-Versini has revealed that the two-year music break was necessary in her career to get some reality check. The 31-year-old singer said people warned her to take such a long break because it might ruin her career, reported Digital Spy.
“People were like, ‘You’re crazy, you shouldn’t do this. It’s a bad career move’,” she recalled. “(I said), ‘It’s me or me mental health’. Honest. My gut instinct was like, ‘It’s enough’. For the first time since I wanted to be a popstar, I didn’t have any fire in my belly. Without realising it, I had gone to a dark place. I needed a reality check and get some real feelings back,” she said.
The singer, who is married to husband Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini, also revealed that she is not ready to have children yet. “I’ve got 11 nieces and nephews, and I’ve been through every single stage with all of them. I had three of them down a couple of weeks ago, and I love having them. But it’s also nice saying, ‘Bye! Go see your mam and dad now!’.”

Beyonce sued for USD 3M over single XOIn his suit, Lane says he wrote the song 'XOXO' and shared it with another singer who provided background vocals for Beyonce. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:30 am
Beyonce Knowles is being sued over her single ‘XO’ by her background singer Ahmad Javon Lane. Lane has filed a lawsuit against the singer, claiming that the hit is a rip-off of his song called ‘XOXO’, reported TMZ.
In his suit, Lane says he wrote the song ‘XOXO’ and shared it with another singer who provided background vocals for Beyonce. The 33-year-old diva learned of the song and then stole it for her 2013 self-titled album Beyonce. Lane is now seeking at least USD 3 million in damages. This is not Beyonce’s first time to have faced trouble over ‘XO’.
In late December, former NASA astronauts and their family slammed the former Destiny’s Child member for using audio from the space shuttle Challenger explosion at the beginning of the track.

HC: Is conviction of an Indian by foreign court binding onusThe HC observed none of the provisions of Indian courts are permitted to take cognizance of the conviction of an offence by an Indian committed outside India.
Written by Aamir Khan | Mumbai | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:28 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 10:29 am
Whether conviction of an Indian by a foreign court for the offence committed in that country can be taken notice of by the courts or authorities in India and such conviction would be binding on courts and authority in India while trying such person for such offence in India?” asked the Bombay High Court as it referred the case to its larger bench while stressing that the point was of “wide public importance”. The HC observed none of the provisions of Indian courts are permitted to take cognizance of the conviction of an offence by an Indian committed outside India.
Prabodh Mehta, trustee of multi-specialty Lilavati Hospital, was removed from the post following an order of Joint Charity Commissioner on the complaint of Mehta’s relative and trustee Charuben. The JCC in March 2013 had acted on the ground that he was convicted for an offence of moral turpitude in Belgium as alleged in the Charuben’s complaint.
Thereafter, even the City Civil Court rendered a finding that Charuben had proved that Mehta was convicted of an offence involving moral turpitude. Aggrieved by the Civil Court’s order Mehta filed an appeal and maintained that the foreign court had “erased his criminal record” and (he) is “clean towards the outside world”.
Senior Counsel Iqbal Chagla, who appeared for Mehta, submitted that the offence of moral turpitude alleged by Charuben should have been in the capacity of the trustee or in relation to the trust, and conviction arising out of it, should have taken place in India and not anywhere to have attracted Section 41D of the Maharashtra Public Trusts Act.
Citing a judgment of the Nagpur High Court Chagla submitted that even if the HC comes to the conclusion that there would be no effect of rehabilitation/pardon to Mehta granted by Court in Belgium, the authorities under the Maharashtra Public Trusts Act, 1950 “can not take notice of such alleged conviction” while deciding the application for removal of the trustee under the said Act.
The senior lawyer also said only if such offence would have been committed in India subject to the provisions of the Maharashtra Public Trusts Act, cognizance of such act could be taken. The Nagpur High Court had taken a view that the conviction of an Indian beyond the territory of Indian cannot be taken notice of by an Indian Court.
Appearing for Charuben, senior counsel Mahesh Jethmalani contested the submission of Chagla arguing that such a judgment cannot be referred to as Nagpur High Court was then part of Madhya Pradesh.
Jethmalani cited a judgment of Bombay HC’s division bench It submitting that Mehta had committed very serious offences in continued…

Sensex slips over 100 points  Nifty tests 8300; top 12 stocksSensex slips over 100 points, Nifty tests 8300; top twelve stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 7, 2014, 11.26AM IST
Tags:
AstraZeneca
(50-share Nifty index came…)
NEW DELHI: After starting on a muted note, the S&P BSE Sensex slipped over 130 points in trade on Friday, led by losses in HDFC Bank, L&T, SBI, ITC and M&M.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under bit of pressure and was trading near its crucial psychological support level of 8300, weighed down by losses in banks, metals, oil & gas and capital goods stocks .
At 11:25 am, the Sensex was at 27,826.39; down 89.49 points.
The Nifty was at 8,319.15; down 19.15 points.
"We maintain our view that the trend is strongly bullish and we continue to mention the near term targets of 8450 - 8550 levels, which is the 127% 'Price Extension' zone," said Angel Broking note.
"Last two day's movement can be considered as a breather before the next leap. 8300 - 8250 are likely to act as important support levels for the Nifty," the report added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was 0.40 per cent higher and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.67 per cent.
The S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 0.86 per cent, the S&P BSE Auto Index rose 0.31 per cent and the S&P BSE FMCG Index advanced 0.35 per cent.
The S&P BSE Healthcare Index declined 0.39 per cent and the S&P BSE Oil & gas Index was 0.19 per cent lower.
DLF (up 3.27 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 1.52 per cent), HCL Tech (up 0.92 per cent), Axis Bank (up 0.88 per cent) and L&T (up 0.85 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Hero MotoCorp (2.78 per cent), Sun Pharma (2.75 per cent), NMDC (1.38 per cent), M&M (1.19 per cent) and HDFC Bank (0.98 per cent) were among the major losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 817 gainers against 496 losers.
The Asian markets were in the green following a positive close on the Wall Street. Japan's Nikkei 225 index was up 0.35 per cent, Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was 0.10 per cent higher, Shanghai Composite moved 0.59 per cent higher and Taiwan Weighted moved up 0.29 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modi visits Varanasiinterior policy
An MP does not adopt a village, a village adopts an MP, the Prime MInister said in his speech in Jayapur on Friday.
17:47: Mr. Modi said "People blessed us in Haryana, Maharashtra. They will bless us in J&K and Jharkhand too."
17:45: After the Jan Dhan Yojana was started, 1 crore bank accounts open every week, says Mr. Modi.
17:41: The government has decided that all the people receiving pensions will not receive less than Rs 1000 each, says Mr. Modi
17:40: People of UP have special contribution in providing stability to the nation through full mandate. says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
17: 27:In the last 30 years, a government formed by majority given to a single alliance was never formed in India: Modi
17: 26: It's my 1st opportunity to meet party workers after polls,It is your hard work that I've got chance to become public representative: Modi
17:25: Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses about 16,000 BJP booth workers in DLW ground in Varanasi.
12.49: Prime Minister Narendra Modi concludes his address in Jayapur, the village he has adopted now.
12.48: I assure you, that we will all develop a new Jayapur together in the truest sense: PM
12.48: I am not born to talk about big things. It is through small things that I intend to do big things: PM Modi
12.44: Do we need the govt to tell us to get our children vaccinated for Polio? Can't our youth take on this responsibility?, asks Mr. Modi
12.41:When a girl is born in the family, we must celebrate it as a festival. Can our Jayapur begin this festival to welcome our daughter? asks PM
12.39: Let us decide that no child will eat without washing hands in our village. Do we need any govt to do this?, asks Mr. Modi
12.38: Those who have left the village for studies or jobs must come back to celebrate the birthday of their village: PM
12.38: When everybody will celebrate the birthday of a village, it will also end the caste system: PM
12.38: We will celebrate the birthday of our village every year: PM at Jayapur
12.37: If we can't find out when Jayapur was officially recognised as a village, we should choose a date, celebrate its birthday: Mr. Modi
12.37: People should not rely on schemes alone for the development of villages, they should also take initiatives: PM
12.37: People think Modiji is coming to the village now it will be clean, is this right? Can't we work for cleanliness of our village on our own?, asks Mr. Modi
12.35: Being MP, CM, PM we can go anywhere but what we learn from villages in unparalleled: PM
12.34: People should not rely on schemes alone for the development of villages, they should also take initiatives: PM
12.32: I want to create a mentality to work for development of people who have helped us move forward: PM
12.31: An MP does not adopt a village. A village adopts an MP: PM
12.31: Jayapur took special place in my heart long time ago. All other tales being told are false. I myself did not know about them: PM
12.30: The Prime Minister launches several veiled attacks on Akhilesh Yadav govt through references to 'potholes', roads.
12.27: I am reading a lot on why Jayapur was chosen. I selected this village for a very small reason. I want to share it with you: PM
12.27: I can't learn things by sitting with babus, need the experience of villagers: PM
12.26: It is not that I have adopted Jayapur. I have come here with a request to you to adopt me and teach me a lot: PM
12.25 Jayapur was the first village that I had heard of in Varanasi, that too when tragedy struck the village. Therefore have adopted it: Modi
12.24: It's a privilege to associate with Jayapur village. I am not adopting Jayapur but I request you to adopt your MP: Modi
12.21: We have introduced Sansad Adarsh gram Yojana scheme for MPs, even I had to take responsibility as part of this: PM
12.20: When BJP announced me as Lok Sabha candidate from Banaras, after few moments I got news that 5 people were killed in a fire in Jayapur: PM
12.19 PM Narendra Modi reaches Jayapur village in Varanasi. Starts his address.
Prime Minster Narendra Modi took a helicopter to reach Jayapur village.
11.29: PM Narendra Modi ends his speech
11.29: I am here today and tomorrow. Will meet a lot of people, talk to them: PM
11.29: You have instilled faith in me, given me love. I assure you that I am for you. Will dedicate all my efforts for development work here: PM
11.28: Eastern UP needs rapid development, govt to revive ailing banks. Development cannot be confined to Western India alone: PM
11.28: We should rise above politics and help in financial growth of the region: PM
11.28: We have dedicated ourselves to developing the eastern parts of the nation: PM
11.28: If India has to develop only one region can't develop. The eastern part must develop rapidly: PM
11.28: Modi: Usual for netas to forget poll promises, but I am here because of your love, says Mr. Modi
11.27: This centre is outside Kashi. We wanted it to be near the city but we could not get the desired land so have come slightly away from city: PM
11.26: Will talk less on improving Banaras, my responsibility is to do things, before doing, won’t indulge in big talks: PM
11.25: 20 crore girls will get married in the next few years, which means that many Banarasi sarees will be needed: PM
The crowd that attended Narendra Modi's speech in Varanasi.
11.24: Funds to improve textiles sector to be disbursed via PM Jan-Dhan Yojana, says Mr. Modi
11.23 Every household has a market for Banarasi saree: PM Modi
11.21: Trade facilitation centre to be set up to promote Banarasi sarees, says Mr. Modi
11.20: Let us modify ourselves to match needs of global market to take textiles sector to new high: PM
11.19: Weavers should be given proper training. We want to work for this: PM
11.18: E-business is increasing. There are opportunities in the global market: PM. Read full story
11.17: We must seriously think how new generation can join textiles industry, not out of compulsion but because they take pride in this: PM
11.15: Addressing weavers in Varanasi, PM Narendra Modi talks about modernisation of the textile industry.
11.14: We need research towards technology up gradation. We have begun work in this direction. HRD is also important, says Mr.Modi
11.13 Just like the way weavers weave clothes, the textile sector weaves together all the sections of our society: PM Modi
11.10: Textiles sector should be improved with a comprehensive vision, only providing funds will not help: PM
11.08: This sector gives employment to poorest of the poor.All sections of society are integrated in this sector, says Mr. Modi
11.07: After agriculture, if there is a sector generating maximum employment it is textiles: PM
11.06: I am here as your Sevak, am going to be with you in times of happiness and sadness: PM
11.05: Varanasi has a very special place in my heart. Varanasi has made me their own. I am here in the midst of my own. The joy is different: PM
11.00: Prime Minister Narendra Modi starts speaking
10.57: For a long time we were losing interest in textile sector but we are working to change that. Textile parks,investment announced, Mr. Gangwar said.
10.56: The presence of PM is very encouraging. The PM is turning into reality everything that he talked about before the elections, says Mr. Gangwar
10.55: Union Minister Santosh Gangwar starts speaking
10.53: The PM, U.P. Governor Shri Ram Naik, Minister Shri Santosh Gangwar and other dignitaries have arrived on the dais
PM Shri @narendramodi at an exhibition of handloom and handicrafts at Varanasi pic.twitter.com/GIP9jNjc3C
— PIB India (@PIB_India) November 7, 2014
Watch the Live feed here:
10.50: During his tour, the Prime Minister is likely to lay the foundation stone of a trade facilitation centre and a crafts museum, announcement for which was made in the first general budget presented by his government in June this year.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being received by Governor and Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh on his arrival in Varanasi.
PM Shri @narendramodi being received by Governor and Chief Minister of UP on his arrival in Varanasi pic.twitter.com/cAehEdAykW
— PIB India (@PIB_India) November 7, 2014
10.20: Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaches Varanasi.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be visiting Varanasi on Friday and is likely to adopt a village under his "Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana". This is Mr. Modi's first visit to his constituency after assuming office.
Modi-Varanasi connection

Sensex Falls Over 150 Points  Nifty Below 8 300You are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Trade Flat; Bank Stocks Weigh
NDTV | Updated On: November 07, 2014 10:02 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
BSE Sensex and Nifty traded flat on Friday with profit-taking in banking stocks weighing on the markets. Weak Asian markets also weighed on the sentiment.
The Sensex was down 5 points to 27,911 while Nifty was almost unchanged at 8,338. However, buying was seen in broader markets, with BSE midcap and smallcap indices edging higher.
Market analyst Sarvendra Srivastava says Nifty is likely to trade in the 8200-8350 range in the near term. If the dollar index rises further it could pressurize global markets and could weigh on Indian markets, he added.
Banking stocks came under some pressure today after their outperformance in the recent rally. The Bank Nifty rallied close to 12 per cent in the past 12 sessions on hopes of an earlier-than-expected rate cut from the RBI.
SBI, HDFC Bank, PNB and Kotak Mahindra Bank were down between 0.6 per cent and 1.5 per cent.
Also weighing on Nifty, Sun Pharma fell nearly 1.8 per cent after US FDA revoked a tentative approval for Ranbaxy Laboratories' two drugs.
Sun Pharmaceuticals has agreed to acquire Ranbaxy Laboratories, which fell nearly 5 per cent.
Hero MotoCorp fell 2.5 per cent after reports said that US private investment firm Bain Capital is selling $200 million worth of shares of the two-wheeler manufacturer at a discount to the previous closing price.
Some buying was seen in IT stocks after Cognizant forecast revenue above estimates. Infosys shares were up over 1 per cent.
DLF, up 3 per cent, was the biggest gainer among Nifty stocks after the Securities Appellate Tribunal on Wednesday allowed the real estate developer to redeem Rs 1,806 crore in mutual fund investments.
Asian shares wobbled in early trading on Friday, while the euro wallowed around two-year lows after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi vowed to take more easing steps to spark growth in the euro zone.
Investors were likely to remain cautious ahead of the key US nonfarm payrolls report later in the session. Solid gains in employment would increase speculation that the US Federal Reserve could raise US interest rates in the middle of next year.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down about 0.1 per cent in early trading, while Japan's Nikkei stock average rose 0.6 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: November 07, 2014 09:58 (IST)

Bank of Baroda dips on decline in Q2 net profitHi Guest
Bank of Baroda dips on decline in Q2 net profit
Stock was down 2% to Rs 934 after the bank reported a 5.5% dip in Q2 net profit at Rs 1,104 SI Reporter | Mumbai November 7, 2014 Last Updated at 10:40 IST Bank of Baroda was down 2% to Rs 934 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) at 1035 hrs as the ...

Sensex flat in early trade; Tata Motors up  Sun Pharma downThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Benjamin Netanyahu lauds India s science prowessThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

RBI makes SMS mandatory for high value cheque clearanceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ranbaxy Labs after US FDA withdraws approval for 2 generic drugsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mcx india is a unique play in the market with around 85% volumes of co...Silver Member
22 Followers
MCX India is a unique play in the market with around 85% volumes of commodity trading in India. The entry barrier to setting this kind of business is very high. With the recent changes in share holders, I view this stock very very positively - My target for MCX India is Rs 1450 for the short term with a stoploss of Rs 800
11.01 AM Nov 7th  | Track

Resistance at 8332!!!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Good bank good returns good profitibilityCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Why only operators the whole bloody market is for well healed folks w...Platinum Member
197 Followers
Why only operators? The whole bloody market is for well healed folks who bet 5 lac or higher for each purchase lot for 6 to 8 hours or a day trade. Majority rest must buy low, hold and sell on the 366th day of purchase. Go out and eat an ice cream with your grand kid and forget day to day market. That is for folks with nothing else to do otherwise with money!
In reply to : pyajj message
11.01 AM Nov 7th

Investigation: Broken BondsRefunding that saved money $1.87 billion
Source: Tribune analysis of public documents
Spending like nobody’s watching
Published Nov. 6, 2013, 9:56 p.m.
Chicago has spent millions of borrowed dollars to renovate the massive Pershing Road warehouse complex. Chris Walker - Chicago Tribune
The city of Chicago took control of three hulking warehouses on West Pershing Road for $1. But it was hardly a bargain. Over the last nine years the city has used more than $41 million in borrowed money to repair and retrofit the behemoths — even after a top official warned they were a “financial sinkhole.” Today much of the space isn’t being used, and there is no end in sight to the repairs. The buildings, with their shattered windows and leaky roofs, stand as a decrepit monument to Chicago officials’ indiscriminate borrowing and spending. In analyzing the city’s capital expenditures from general obligation bonds, the Tribune uncovered speculative purchases, shortsighted building projects, puzzling choices and massive overspending. And because Chicago is not required to put referendums before voters before issuing bonds, political leaders rarely pay a price for their poor choices. After all, they can always just borrow more money.
Read the story
A ‘financial sinkhole’ on Pershing Road
Dating to World War I and built as an Army supply depot, a massive three-building complex on Pershing Road served for 17 years as headquarters for the Chicago Public Schools. After the district fled the buildings for more modern quarters, the city took control and began spending millions of dollars in bond money on various repairs and improvements. Today the buildings are largely vacant and still in disrepair. A Chicago building inspector described the property as dangerous and hazardous.
Cumulative spending by city of Chicago on Pershing Road warehouses
Source: Tribune analysis of public documents
Emanuel’s strategy: Buy time, pay later
Published Nov. 8, 2013, 11:23 p.m.
The administration of Mayor Rahm Emanuel has issued more than half a billion dollars in taxable bonds. Nancy Stone - Chicago Tribune
Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s administration faces serious financial challenges: mounting pension liabilities, massive structural budget deficits, eroding infrastructure and depressed revenues. The mayor has launched initiatives, like the speed cameras, that will bring in new money. He has cut spending by consolidating city services and laying off employees, among other measures. One tactic has gotten less attention: the aggressive use of taxable bonds. The cash from these bonds helps Emanuel’s team fill budget holes and make debt payments without raising property taxes. But this short-term relief comes with huge long-term costs that will make it more difficult to chip away at the city’s debt burden in the years ahead. Why? Taxable bonds are very expensive.
Read the story
City relying on taxable bonds
Since Rahm Emanuel became mayor in 2011, Chicago has issued fewer tax-exempt bonds and more taxable bonds. The federal government limits how money from tax-exempt bonds can be spent, but taxable bonds can be used more freely. The flexibility has helped Emanuel close budget gaps without raising property taxes or dramatically slashing services. But because of their high interest rates, taxable bonds are especially costly in the long run.
Total general obligation bond issues, by year
Note: Figures do not include stimulus or private placement bonds
Source: Tribune analysis of city documents
A lesson in mismanagement
published Dec. 7, 2013, 12:16 a.m.
CPS borrowed about $8 million to renovate Humboldt Park’s Piccolo Elementary Specialty School. Today, 6 in 10 desks are empty, and projections show it is expected to lose students through 2017. By then, Piccolo is expected to have fewer than a third of the 1,320 students it can handle. Chris Walker - Chicago Tribune
When Chicago officials announced one of the largest school closings in U.S. history last year, they said dwindling enrollment left them little other choice. But what they didn’t explain was how the district helped bring the crisis on itself through years of borrowing and spending that took little notice of demographic trends. Since 1996, Chicago Public Schools has issued more than $10 billion in bonds to fund school construction and repairs, much of it amid population declines. Along the way, it invested millions into schools that it later closed, baffling and angering parents. It also piled up debt that is fueling today’s painful budget decisions.
Millions of dollars from a South Shore TIF district went to fund a $96 million high school where enrollment has fallen short of expectations. Abel Uribe - Chicago Tribune
TIF funds drained for schools
By 2006, Chicago Public Schools was in the midst of steady enrollment declines and weighed down by more than $4 billion in construction debt. But Mayor Richard M. Daley doubled down on school construction that year, launching a $1 billion program ahead of an upcoming re-election bid. He dubbed the campaign “Modern Schools Across Chicago” and found a questionable way to fund it: by draining millions of dollars from tax increment financing districts in impoverished neighborhoods.
Read the story
Billions of dollars in debt
Aggressive borrowing to fund school construction projects has put the Chicago Public Schools deeply in debt. The amount of outstanding debt from general obligation bonds has grown more than tenfold since 1996, to more than $5 billion. With interest that figure jumps to more than $10 billion. Officials have saved some money by refinancing $3 billion in debt, but in the past three years they also used $366 million in borrowed funds to push debt payments into the future, a maneuver called “scoop and toss” that will cost more in the long run.
Outstanding bond debt for Chicago Public Schools by year
Note: 2010 figures do not include certificates of participation
Source: Chicago Public Schools Comprehensive Financial Reports
Education funds used to pay off bonds
Every year, Illinois sends education funding called general state aid to districts statewide. Historically, the Chicago Public Schools has used this per-pupil funding to operate the system. But beginning in 2000, officials began diverting some of the money to pay down debt from the district’s school construction program. At first CPS said no more than $100 million a year could be spent that way, but it has since increased the limit. In 2011, more than a quarter of all unrestricted general state aid went toward debt payments instead of new opportunities for students.
Percentage of general state aid spent on annual debt payments
Source: Chicago Public Schools Comprehensive Financial Reports
Fewer children for Chicago schools
Demographers predicted in reports commissioned by Chicago Public Schools that the district’s enrollment would level off and then decline. That is exactly what happened, yet CPS kept spending borrowed money on construction projects across the city. Roughly three-quarters of the bonds issued for the district’s building campaign — more than $8 billion — came between 2002 and 2012 as enrollment fell. Since 1996, officials have invested more than $1 billion in schools that now are less than 60 percent full; they spent tens of millions more on schools that closed this year.
Annual enrollment in Chicago Public Schools
Source: Chicago Public Schools
How we reached our conclusions
Over the course of eight months, Tribune reporters examined thousands of pages of documents – including city spending records, bond offerings, accountants’ reports, tax certificates, land records and City Council proceedings – to analyze how the city of Chicago issues general obligation bonds and then spends those funds. The team then built comprehensive databases to follow the money over years of city spending. Reporters also studied bond regulations and tax codes and spoke with a variety of financial and legal experts to fully understand the process, tax rules and best practices.

Unlimited Vacation Virgin s Branson Says OK
Uncle Sam won t forget about your student loansgailmarksjarvis RT @ProSyn: Weak German growth is hurting the #eurozone, says @CEPS_thinktank's Daniel Gros http://t.co/25ijhGt1Sh
Eva Garcia
Rick Loomis / McClatchy-Tribune
Eva Garcia, 25, of La Puente, Calif., graduated from Everest College in 2009 after taking classes in medical billing and coding. In the ensuing years she has struggled to find a job in her field despite assurances of job placement. Now she finds herself unemployed with nearly $6,000 in debt.
Eva Garcia, 25, of La Puente, Calif., graduated from Everest College in 2009 after taking classes in medical billing and coding. In the ensuing years she has struggled to find a job in her field despite assurances of job placement. Now she finds herself unemployed with nearly $6,000 in debt. (Rick Loomis / McClatchy-Tribune)
There's no way to hide from your student loans, even as seniors.
No matter how bad your finances are, bankruptcy won't save you from student loans.
If you are in default on your student loans, fix it before Uncle Sam tracks you down.
Want to spot the "no exit" of painful debt?
It's your student loans. If you borrow for college and find yourself unable to pay at some point, you won't be able to escape the loans.
Student loans aren’t automatically discharged in bankruptcy court and relief is rare, with debtors having to prove unusual hardship that’s likely to remain.
If you are in default, you can't just ignore the payments and hope no one notices. - Gail MarksJarvis
On the other hand, you can get some relief on monthly payments for federal student loans if you pay on time. Your payments can be reduced to a more manageable level if your income is too low to handle the full payment. And if you have no job, you can get permission from the government to skip your loan payments for a few months. But all that assumes you are on top of your loans and don't decide to ignore what's too upsetting to face head-on.
If you miss payments continually for nine months, and go into what's called default, you will put yourself in a box that, in the long term, you will not escape.

The cold war at work1
"Go back 120 years when most of us were farmers who went into town once a week," said Gerba, a microbiology professor. "You might have been exposed to a few people's germs. But today, like at this meeting, we're going to be exposed to maybe thousands of people's germs that are going to be deposited on … surfaces we're going to be touching."
Gerba, whose work has been reported on NBC's "Today" show, in The Wall Street Journal and elsewhere while awaiting review, put a harmless but traceable virus on a doorknob in one of three entrances to a building with 80 workers.
The virus soon painted office light switches, phone handsets, the tops of desks and tables, in cubicles and restrooms in no more than two hours and, within four hours, more than half of commonly touched surfaces and almost half the employees had the virus.
"The hand is quicker than the sneeze in the spread of disease," Gerba told moderator Michael Schmidt of the Medical University of South Carolina. "What we learned is the first area to be contaminated was the coffee break room because, what's the first thing you do when you go to work — you get a cup of coffee. You want to be the first from what we learned. That turned out to be a hot spot because a lot of people go in there, more of a hot spot than the restroom, which a lot of people might blame."
The coffeepot is its own festering petri dish. A study a few years ago by NSF International, a Michigan-based independent public health and safety organization, identified coffeepots as often home to yeast and mold if they're not properly cleaned and decalcified every few months.
But back to colds, Gerba cited other research that show one-third of the surfaces people touch have a cold or flu virus on them. "It's more frequent than you might think because a lot of people come to work with a cold or flu and they contaminated these areas," he said.
You touch these areas and you take some new friends with you.
"A lot of the common diseases like diarrhea, colds, flus are spread by your hands when you touch your face," Gerba said.
"The average adult touches their face once every three or four minutes. So it's a very frequent thing, and every time you do that — you touch your nose, mouth or eyes — you have a probability of transmitting disease. So that's how the dynamic works."
What Gerba, whose research was underwritten by Kimberly-Clark Corp., the maker of Kleenex, found was that the use of sanitizers, disinfectant and wipes for the hands and affected surfaces makes a huge difference. Which means you can wash your hands of the problem, literally and figuratively.
Now I'm not a germophobe. I'm both pro-vaccine and one of those people who believe that exposure to germs helps build our immune systems. Or makes us ill. Sometimes both.
I generally believe that that which doesn't kill us makes us stronger. But I say "generally" because sometimes that which doesn't kill us can leave us diminished and debilitated.
So I don't want to get sick if I can avoid it. I'll stay away from the office coffeepot and maybe even the plate of food everyone is picking at if that helps. I'll keep my nose, and hands, clean.
But, while I don't mind a hands-on editor, maybe it's a good idea for everyone else in the office if those with a cold or flu work from home. If we get ill, too, it's on them and everything they touch.

Working through phone warranty options0
Don't be pressured. It might surprise some buyers that you don't need to buy a warranty at the exact moment you purchase the phone — although it won't be covered until you do, and some require a warranty purchase within 30 or 60 days of buying the phone.
Comparing offerings. The primary venues for extended phone warranties are from wireless carriers, third-party warranty companies and retailers that sell phones.
Reviewers generally favor AppleCare+ for iPhones and SquareTrade for many types of electronics.
But few highly rate warranties offered by wireless carriers, such as Verizon Wireless or AT&T. The warranties tend to be expensive, about $10 per month, and have huge deductibles. Both those carriers, for example, charge a $199 deductible per claim. So if you break your phone 12 months after you bought it, you will have paid about $320 to get it replaced or repaired, maybe more than if you had it repaired on your own. Moreover, under some plans, you might get a refurbished phone as a replacement instead of a new one.
But the big plus of wireless carrier plans is that they usually cover loss and theft, while many others do not.
Third-party warranties, from the likes of SquareTrade and Protect Your Bubble, are less expensive than wireless carrier plans, both monthly premiums and deductibles. For example, SquareTrade's monthly cost for an iPhone 6 is $5 per month or $99 for two years, with a $75 deductible if you make a claim. Protect Your Bubble is about $6 per month with a $50 deductible.
Extended warranties offered by retailers come in widely different types, with some more like the wireless carriers, while others offer the SquareTrade brand.
Pay monthly. One idea if you're uncertain about making a big upfront commitment to a warranty is to pay monthly to protect your phone when it's brand new. That way you can insure the phone during the most expensive period of its life — before used ones are widely available for sale, for example. You can cancel the warranty when you feel you don't need coverage anymore.
Buy replacement phone online. If you're savvy about phones and online shopping, you can buy a replacement phone on the Internet, potentially cheaper than the cost of warranty premiums plus deductible.
Need for speed. Before you buy a warranty, check details on how you would receive a new phone or get your old one repaired. Some services, such as SquareTrade, offer the option of replacing the phone overnight or going to a repair shop, including an Apple Genius Bar for iPhones, to have the phone fixed, and they will reimburse you.
Bigger screens, bigger trouble? The trend in recent years is toward larger smartphone screens. "We found that screens that are greater than 4 inches are 25 percent more likely to break," Hoffman said.
Bigger screens simply have more surface area to crack, Anderson said.
And as phones get bigger, consumers might be more likely to skip using a case because that makes the phone that much bulkier.
Nearly half of phone users, 48 percent, don't use a case because it adds bulk when carrying the phone, according to SquareTrade.
Naked phones. Using a phone case, especially the sturdier ones, can mitigate the chances of a break and the need for a warranty — although most won't help with submersion in water.
In an interesting twist of logic for those averse to phone cases: You could rationalize spending $100 on a two-year warranty because it's mitigated by the cost of the case you didn't buy.

BENOIT TESSIER / Reuters
Chicago to try giving NFL the business with draft1
But Chicago also historically has plugged up practically everyone's air game, either by strategy (secretly and suddenly closing Meigs Field in the middle of the night) or circumstance (pretty much every day at O'Hare).
The NFL will take anything you give it, from nonprofit status for its league office operators on Park Avenue, which Goodell presides over for a mere $44 million per, or public subsidies for the stadiums its billion-dollar franchises call home.
The league wears opponents down, makes them make mistakes, often through misdirection — like threatening to move teams to Los Angeles or, until recently, research reports deflecting evidence of a link between football injuries and long-term brain damage.
Suffice it to say, both the NFL and Chicago have had policing issues.
And while the NFL operates with a financial surplus, Chicago fights a deficit, though some would argue that makes Chicago hungrier.
Another dramatic difference between the two is the NFL always goes for the big score, several million dollars or hundreds of millions of dollars at a pop with TV deals and such. Chicago goes after money a little bit at a time, thinking no one will notice all the surcharges, user fees, add-on taxes and the like.
But there's one amusement tax on tickets sold and resold, and another amusement tax on pay TV. There's a nickel-per-bottle tax on bottled water, a soft drink tax and a fountain soft drink syrup tax. People catch on eventually.
Throw in a hotel accommodations tax, a parking tax, a ground transportation tax and a restaurant tax, special extra taxes for airport rides and meals in restaurants in certain areas and … well, you get the idea.
It will be an insult to Chicagoans if the city doesn't try to hit draft day trades with some sort of transaction tax.
Chicago will roll out the red carpet for practically anyone. But no one should be surprised to be billed for padding, installation, cleaning, storage, security, liability indemnification, land-use permits, temporary air rights, potential repair, a backup rug, a union crew with hand vacs on standby and anything else that can be dreamed up.
On the other hand, when Chicago and the state of Illinois go into prevent defense out of fear they will lose business, they start throwing tax breaks and other considerations around, and that's never a great idea.
If the NFL doesn't get charged to replace the sod damaged after the big football festival, you'll know who won this showdown.
Vegas has yet to set a line on who's the favorite. But since the league is experimenting with staging the draft outside New York, and Chicago seeks only a few days' exposure on basic cable and a lasting relationship, there should be little incentive to run up the score this time.
Should the NFL score big, however, expect talk sooner or later of taking the draft to Indiana, Wisconsin, Michigan, Missouri or Minnesota — just like any other business does when it's successful here.

Putins meeting with old pal dims focus on UkraineOctober 17, 2014 7:01 pm
Putin’s nightcap with old pal Berlusconi dims focus on Ukraine
James Politi in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2de708cc-5602-11e4-a3c9-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vietnam removes head of Ocean BankVietnam removes head of Ocean Bank
Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6546e792-5b70-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Putin unleashes fury at US folliesPutin unleashes fury at US ‘follies’
Neil Buckley in Sochi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fa42acf8-5b9f-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

revolution at the tills© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcce5996-5549-11e4-b750-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Developers riding 606 trail deeper into Northwest SideDevelopers riding 606 trail deeper into Northwest Side
Caption 606 construction
Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune
New construction on the 1800 block of North California Avenue in Chicago on Wednesday, Oct. 29, 2014.
New construction on the 1800 block of North California Avenue in Chicago on Wednesday, Oct. 29, 2014. (Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune)
Caption 606 construction
Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune
Workers work on the 606 trail near the 1800 block of North California Avenue in Chicago on Wednesday, Oct. 29, 2014.
Workers work on the 606 trail near the 1800 block of North California Avenue in Chicago on Wednesday, Oct. 29, 2014. (Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune)
Caption 606 construction
Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune
New construction on the 1800 block of North California Avenue in Chicago on Wednesday, Oct. 29, 2014.
New construction on the 1800 block of North California Avenue in Chicago on Wednesday, Oct. 29, 2014. (Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune)
Caption 606 construction
Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune
A worker lays brick on one of three new construction sights on the 1800 block of North California Avenue in Chicago on Wednesday, Oct. 29, 2014.
A worker lays brick on one of three new construction sights on the 1800 block of North California Avenue in Chicago on Wednesday, Oct. 29, 2014. (Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune)
Caption 606 construction
Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune
A bicyclist rides south under the 606 trail as new construction goes up in the background on the 1800 block of North California Avenue in Chicago on Wednesday, Oct. 29, 2014.
A bicyclist rides south under the 606 trail as new construction goes up in the background on the 1800 block of North California Avenue in Chicago on Wednesday, Oct. 29, 2014. (Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune)
It's a sea of construction workers along the 606 and in its neighborhoods.
606 already luring housing developers. Will businesses follow?
Along portions of Chicago's 606 trail, it's hard to tell the construction workers from the construction workers.
Some are working on the much-anticipated, elevated recreation space along Bloomingdale Avenue expected to open in June. Others are building homes, condominiums and apartment buildings nearby that will bring new residents into neighborhoods and up the steps to the trail's access points.
The $95 million transformation of an unused elevated railway spur into 2.7 miles of park and trail space is designed as a gateway between neighborhoods on the northwest side. But it also is helping fuel housing development that has moved past Western Avenue, pushing up property values and attracting new residents.
Caption Bloomingdale Trail renamed '606'
Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune
Work continues at Bloomingdale and Sawyer on the "606," formerly known as the Bloomingdale Trail. The 2.7 mile project will start at Ashland on the east and go to Ridgeway on the west.
Work continues at Bloomingdale and Sawyer on the "606," formerly known as the Bloomingdale Trail. The 2.7 mile project will start at Ashland on the east and go to Ridgeway on the west. (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Bloomingdale Trail renamed '606'
Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune
Two women take advantage of the quiet and unpopulated elevated Bloomingdale Trail near Chicago's Bucktown neighborhood on Thursday, June 13, 2013.
Two women take advantage of the quiet and unpopulated elevated Bloomingdale Trail near Chicago's Bucktown neighborhood on Thursday, June 13, 2013. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Bloomingdale Trail renamed '606'
Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune
A bicyclist rides on Milwaukee Avenue under the elevated Bloomingdale Trail, renamed the "606" in Chicago's Bucktown neighborhood on Thursday, June 13, 2013.
A bicyclist rides on Milwaukee Avenue under the elevated Bloomingdale Trail, renamed the "606" in Chicago's Bucktown neighborhood on Thursday, June 13, 2013. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Bloomingdale Trail renamed '606'
Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune
Workers place fencing on the Bloomingdale Trail or also known as "The 606" project at W. Bloomingdale Ave. between Spaulding and Sawyer Avenues in Chicago on Monday, Sept. 30, 2013. Neighbors near the Bloomingdale Trail, the centerpiece of the Northwest Side trail-and-parks project known as the...
Workers place fencing on the Bloomingdale Trail or also known as "The 606" project at W. Bloomingdale Ave. between Spaulding and Sawyer Avenues in Chicago on Monday, Sept. 30, 2013. Neighbors near the Bloomingdale Trail, the centerpiece of the Northwest Side trail-and-parks project known as the... (Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Bloomingdale Trail renamed '606'
Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune
The viaduct of the Bloomingdale Trail or also known as the "606" project on Humboldt Blvd. in Chicago on Monday, Sept. 30, 2013. Neighbors near the Bloomingdale Trail, the centerpiece of the Northwest Side trail-and-parks project known as "The 606," will see increased construction activity...
The viaduct of the Bloomingdale Trail or also known as the "606" project on Humboldt Blvd. in Chicago on Monday, Sept. 30, 2013. Neighbors near the Bloomingdale Trail, the centerpiece of the Northwest Side trail-and-parks project known as "The 606," will see increased construction activity... (Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune)
See more galleries
At the same time, the changes are likely to raise concerns about gentrification and the inability of some residents to afford more neighborhoods in Chicago. From 2007 to 2011, more than 23 percent of renters in Logan Square, 34 percent in Humboldt Park, 20 percent in West Town and 26 percent in Hermosa were paying 50 percent or more of their income on housing, according to Census data.
Already, there have been impressive gains in home prices.
In Logan Square, for example, the median sales price of a nondistressed, detached single-family home in September was $560,000, up 10 percent from a year earlier, according to data supplied to the Chicago Association of Realtors by Midwest Real Estate Data, the local multiple listing service. In Hermosa, it was $175,000, up 9 percent. In West Town, it was $790,000, up 15 percent from a year earlier.
Additional gains could come, if New York City is any example.

Journalism  seriouslyTHE HINDU Clamour communiqué. You can never be first, dear journalist. Photo: N. Sridharan
Veena Venugopal
Caught as it is between so many constraints, the state of the profession is utterly fraught
This was the week of the Lutyens virus. It started with Lutyens’ Spice, a Twitter handle that popped up seemingly out of nowhere. In the first few tweets, it was established that Lutyens’ Spice was a Delhi Journalist, who was willing to let unprintable political stories have a 140-character existence. Word of Lutyens’ Spice spread quickly among other Delhi Journalists and everyone ran for their phones to follow the handle. But then, before you could say Cardamom or Cinnamon, another Twitter handle turned up. Lutyens Masala. This was followed by Lutyens Insider and then Lutyens something else or the other, and within a couple of hours there were more Lutyens on Twitter than ministerial bungalows in central Delhi. By the end of the day, these Lutyens accounts abandoned all attempts at political gossip and inside stories and focused exclusively on speculating and uncovering which journalists were operating behind each of these Lutyens accounts.
This recasting of priorities isn’t surprising, for if there is one thing that Delhi Journalists are fascinated by, it is other Delhi Journalists. A generation of Delhi Journalists have become what can be called Opinionators — they can terminate you with their opinions and they will be back. Comment columns in op-ed pages are now largely reduced to Opinionators arguing against each other. As soon as one is published, it is uploaded and then re-upped (sic) every few hours on Twitter, so more people can join in. Camp loyalties are constantly under surveillance and followers chime in expectedly with appropriate words of approval or criticism. The next day, a counterpoint is published in another paper or blog and all of it resumes all over again. This goes on for a week, by which time each side is convinced they have triumphed. Forward and onward then, to the next Opinion.
Contrary to how it may sound, none of this is fun. It isn’t easy being a journalist anymore — in Delhi and elsewhere. Access is hard, influence is nearly non-existent and our enigmatic new prime minister and his iron-fisted control over his colleagues makes everything more difficult than it ever was. Media has transformed in the last decade and nothing works like it used to. It’s bad enough that important stories are increasingly harder to break; that TV news channels would have reported it before the newspaper arrives, that Twitter and Facebook would be full of it before the TV cameraman arrives. It’s virtually impossible to be the first. What is worse is that when you do manage to get your hands on an important story, it has to compete with links such as ‘Five ways to blast stomach fat’ or ‘Katrina wears a bikini.’ The reader, who was a large unknowable mass out there, is far easier to track now, yet she manages to remain a mystery. And so journalists write what they think is important and eventually come to believe that only what they think is important.
If the political journalist is working under circumstances that are dire, the business journalist is worse off. With public relation companies planting several dozen gatekeepers and hawkishly hovering each time a journalist meets a CXO, absolutely nothing of relevance is accomplished. Often, PR companies suggest ‘one-on-one interactions’, which only means you’ll be served tea from sparkling china cups in a sparkling office and the CXO, trained as he is in this, speaks several thousand words, all of which taken together tell you nothing. Throw in a ‘strategic’ in every other sentence and a ‘paradigm’ alternatively and everyone pretends that it is time well spent. Last week, on a Diwali mahurat trading show on a business channel, I watched as Beaming Anchor asked Ace Fund Manager what his investment tips for the viewers were. Ace Fund Manager filled the studio air with a prologue that lasted four full minutes, stating many disclaimers and several warnings. And then proceeded to give his top two pieces of investment advice — open a demat account and buy bluechip stocks. You have to concede, as stock tips go, even a poodle could have given better advice in a shorter time. Beaming Anchor, polite but dogged, pushed and pushed for an actual stock tip. Ace Fund Manager, now trapped in a I’m-smarter-than-you game, repeated his two meaningless tips. Now, I am aware investment managers are often disallowed by their companies to name specific stocks. In which case, they should let go of some television glory and stay home. Yet, everyone’s trapped in their roles. The TV channel, left with very little choice and a large number of programming minutes to fill, will ask Ace Fund Manager back, knowing he will come back and spout nonsense again. And viewers will sit down and watch it for 30 seconds before picking up their phones and clicking to see what Deepika Padukone is up to.
With journalism caught between so many constraints, the state of the profession is seriously fraught. It is only a question of time before a young ‘serious’ journalist realises there is very little serious journalism going on. You can either play the game or get out. And if you choose to play the game, there is only one successful role model today. The man who is recognisable by his first name alone, who thunders into your living room announcing not some namby-pamby prime time, but a Super Prime Time. If he’s successful, it is because he interpreted the term media circus rather literally. And appointed himself its ring master. The first step to successful journalism today is to discard every single principle you learned. Then get out and buy a dark suit. And teach yourself to shout.
(Veena Venugopal is editor BLink and author of The Mother-in-Law. Follow her on Twitter @veenavenugopal )
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Wal-Mart vows to lead on price this holiday shopping season0
It is in for competition. Minneapolis-based Target last week announced free shipping on all Target.com orders starting immediately through Dec. 20, and noted that 65,000 online items are available for store pickup, most fulfilled within an hour. It also planned to launch a Wish List app Friday that lets users save 10 percent on their wish list on one day of their choosing before Nov. 26.
Members of Target's Cartwheel coupon app, which has swelled to 11 million users from 3 million last holiday season, will find 50 percent off a different toy every day. And for the third year, Target is extending its price match policy, this time adding three extra days to last from Nov. 1 through Dec. 24.
Wal-Mart, which does price match for printed ads and lets store associates use their discretion for online price matching, said it is considering making online price match a broader policy but has not made any final decisions.
Meanwhile, Amazon on Saturday kicks off its Countdown to Black Friday with two "Deals of the Day" every day through Dec. 22, plus 15,000 limited-time "Lightning Deals." For the first time, members of Amazon Prime, its membership program, will have 30-minute early access to select deals.
Seattle-based Amazon also has launched a new capability that lets customers add items they discover on Twitter directly to their shopping cart or wish list without leaving their Twitter feed, by adding #amazoncart or #amazonwishlist to their Twitter reply.
Same-day delivery is another service catching on for the holidays.
Amazon's same-day service includes a search filter to find items available for same-day delivery and a noon cut-off time for placing orders, seven days a week. The service is available in 12 cities, but not Chicago.
Kohl's is testing Google Express in select delivery areas, including Chicago, where shoppers can shop local stores online and get items delivered on the same day or overnight.
Kohl's, which is based in Menomonee Falls, Wis., also for the first time is giving holiday shoppers the option to buy online and pick up in store at more than 100 locations, a feature that is becoming an industry standard.
Kohl's, which has suffered several years of flat or declining sales, announced at its investors conference this week that would invest about $4 billion over the next four years to improve technology and in-store experience.
It is putting a lot of stock in its new Yes2You Rewards program, the members of which will find extra savings through the holidays.
Kohl's also on Thursday announced it will open at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving day, nudging up from 8 p.m. last year. Macy's earlier this month also announced it pushed up its Thanksgiving hours to 6 p.m. from 8 p.m.
Bridget Weishaar, an analyst at Morningstar, said consumers continue to be very focused on price, as they were last year, and retailers will be heavily promotional as a result. In addition to a fundamental shift in shopping behavior to be value-focused — in part because people still don't feel confident with their incomes — she said several shopping categories, such as apparel, don't have must-have items this season enticing consumers to pay top dollar.
"The winners are going to be the ones who gives consumers the best price," Weishaar said.
But unlike last year, when stores were left with a lot of excess inventory that they had to heavily discount to get rid of, she said retailers have inventory levels more in check, and she expects them to be more strategic and targeted with their promotions.
Likewise, she expects retailers to be more careful about their shipping policies after carriers were overwhelmed with online purchases last year and many packages didn't make it to their destinations in time for Christmas.
UPS anticipates a load of more than 585 million packages in December, an 11 percent increase over 2013. On its peak delivery day, Dec. 22, it expects to deliver 34 million packages worldwide, double what it does in an average day.
A survey released this week by the National Retail Federation suggests retailers will be more conservative with their shipping policies to avoid last year's snafus. A fifth of retailers surveyed plan to set their guaranteed-by-Christmas standard shipping deadlines to expire Dec. 19 or later, less than the quarter that did so last year.
E-commerce continues to take shopping share from bricks and mortars. Fifty-six percent of shoppers say they plan to shop online for the holidays, up from 51.5 percent last year, according to the National Retail Federation.
As the physical and digital shopping worlds continue to blend, Wal-Mart has launched new items to its mobile app, including the Search my Store feature that points customers to the exact nearby store and aisle location where a product is located.
It also has launched a "checkout promise" to open more cash registers during peak shopping times, from noon to 6 p.m. from Nov. 22 to Christmas, to help speed checkout lines. At their peak all 100,000 registers will be open.

Say goodbye to the Chicago SpireChicago Spire site may transfer to Related Midwest
Spire attorney says developer 'unlikely' to keep control of site
Chicago Spire developer Garrett Kelleher and his venture partner appeared unlikely to make a required payment due Friday, based on an email his lawyer sent city officials Friday morning.
This would pave the way for Related Midwest to gain control of the city's most famous plot of dirt.
Tall buildings in Chicago
Chicago Tribune Graphics
Chicago Tribune Graphics
"Today is the deadline set by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for Garrett Kelleher and Steve Ivankovich to deposit funds to pay off creditors and bring the Chicago Spire out of bankruptcy," attorney Thomas Murphy wrote in the email, a copy of which was obtained by the Chicago Tribune. "Any bridge loan does not seem likely at this point and without an extension, equally unlikely, the property will revert to Related who bought the first mortgage from the Irish government. All creditors will be paid on an agreed schedule. As always it was great to work with you on this effort."
In an interview, Murphy said, "Garrett is deeply disappointed. He passionately believed in the project. While we are open to whatever possibilities exist at this, the 11th hour, we will be extremely disappointed."
A spokeswoman for Related Midwest declined comment. Shelbourne has until 11:59 p.m. Friday to make a payment.
As part of its Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization, Kelleher's Shelbourne North Water Street and Atlas Apartment Holdings were supposed to make a payment by end of day Friday of at least $22 million to Related, which has held the debt of the project since the summer of 2013 and who, with other creditors, forced Shelbourne into bankruptcy in October 2013.
The reorganization plan called for Related to receive more than $109 million by Oct. 31 or $22 million by that date and more than $92 million by March 31. If those deadlines were not met, Related was to gain control of the coveted 2.2-acre site at 400 N. Lake Shore Drive.
During a reorganization plan confirmation hearing three weeks ago, Atlas attorney Doug Bacon said that Atlas had been in negotiations with another potential source of funding but acknowledged to the court that crafting a deal by the end of the month "was going to come right down to the wire."
cComments
Hope they figure out a way to build this. It really would be a showpiece and bold statement for Chicago. Chicago's skyline is missing a central anchor and the position of this huge tower is perfect right in the middle of the skyline. Could be a signature achievement for the city in the...
OagieOaglethorpe

SkyBalance by Nik Wallenda: The game app before the walk8
"SkyBalance by Nik Wallenda," a mobile game launched Friday, lets players use their thumbs to balance a Wallenda character on a wire between buildings without a harness or safety net, just like the real-life plan Sunday.
Players tap the screen to keep Wallenda steady while bracing against gusts of wind, dodging flying birds and, at higher scores, helicopters.
  Open link
Unlike Sunday — when Wallenda plans to walk on a high wire between the Marina City west tower and the Leo Burnett building — the aim in the game is balance, not also walking.
"I'm looking forward to seeing if there are any master players out there who can stay balanced on the virtual wire as long as I'm on the high wire this Sunday," Wallenda said in a statement.
The Tribune's very limited test proved that some journalists don't have the gaming skills to dodge helicopters. Wallenda fell often in our offices.

Walgreen aims to stop disclosures in lawsuit0
Walgreen said that the lawsuit and exhibits Miquelon filed Oct. 16 in Cook County Circuit Court inaccurately present Miquelon as the "driving force" that led Walgreen to make major revisions to its 2016 forecast, while the company asserts that he "defended the forecast and resisted any revision before finally relenting."
The company also said in the motion that Miquelon's lawsuit suggests he was against moving the company's corporate headquarters overseas for tax purposes, while, according to the company, Miquelon was for the tax inversion, but changed his mind after "he knew that his tenure at Walgreens was on shaky ground." Walgreen recently announced it will buy a remaining 55 percent stake in European counterpart Alliance Boots, forming a new holding company Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc.
Walgreen said Miquelon has attempted to rewrite history by portraying himself as a "financial forecasting whiz" and a "conservative voice"; when "he had a long history of being overly optimistic in a variety of forward-looking internal discussions."
Walgreen also said Miquelon falsely asserted he was "next in line to be CEO of Walgreens — when, in fact, he was never promised as much and, instead, Walgreens lost faith in him due to his erratic behavior, further hastening his departure from the CFO role."
"It is likely too late to undo the harm (Miquelon) has caused to Walgreens through his publication of a misleading and slanderous narrative using confidential information plucked out of context," Walgreen said in an additional court filing Oct. 24. "Walgreens' ultimate remedy will be vindication when the judicial process has fully played out and (Miquelon's) narrative is exposed as false."

Nik Wallenda s Chicago wire walkNik Wallenda's Chicago wire walk
Caption Celebrating
Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune
Nik Wallenda celebrates after walking a tightrope blindfolded between the Marina City towers.
Nik Wallenda celebrates after walking a tightrope blindfolded between the Marina City towers. (Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune)
Nik Wallenda walks a tightrope blindfolded between the Marina City towers.
Nik Wallenda walks a tightrope blindfolded between the Marina City towers. (Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune)
Nik Wallenda walks a tightrope blindfolded between the Marina City towers.
Nik Wallenda walks a tightrope blindfolded between the Marina City towers. (Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune)
Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune
Onlookers watch as Nik Wallenda walks across the Chicago River on a tightrope.
Onlookers watch as Nik Wallenda walks across the Chicago River on a tightrope. (Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune)
Brian Cassella / Chicago Tribune
Nik Wallenda walks a tightrope blindfolded Sunday, between the Marina City towers.
Nik Wallenda walks a tightrope blindfolded Sunday, between the Marina City towers. (Brian Cassella / Chicago Tribune)
Nik Wallenda walked on a tightrope strung 600 feet in the air during a 750-foot trek from Marina City over the Chicago River to the Leo Burnett Building.
This photo gallery is featured in these articles:

JPMorgan lifts legal reserves by $1.1bnJPMorgan lifts legal reserves by $1.1bn
Tom Braithwaite and Kara Scannell in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aaffed22-63b0-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Philadelphia AbductionWATCH: Chilling Video Shows Woman's Abduction in Philadelphia
Nov 3, 2014, 5:01 PM ET
ABC News via Good Morning America
A woman is seen being abducted from a Philadelphia street in this photo from a video released by the Philadelphia Police Department.
Philadelphia Police Department
Share
Copy
A chilling video was released by authorities Monday showing a woman's abduction in Philadelphia.
The missing woman -- identified by police as 22-year-old Carlesha Freeland-Gaither -- was abducted at 9:40 p.m. on Sunday in Germantown, Philadelphia's 6ABC reported.
The three-minute video shows someone park a gray or silver car. That's when a man is seen getting out of the car, briefly going out of camera view.
Moments later, he can be seen on the surveillance video approaching Freeland-Gaither, then dragging her down the street.
Although there was no audio with the video, police said the woman was yelling for help, 6ABC reported.
She is seen struggling with the man before the car speeds away. Police said the passenger side rear windows were busted open during the struggle.
Freeland-Gaither's glasses and cellphone were found lying on the street where the incident took place, the station reported.
Police are still looking for the abductor.
To submit a tip to Philadelphia Police, call (215) 686-TIPS or text "PPD TIP" or 773847. All tips will remain confidential.
Join the Discussion

Why Obama And The Democrats Can t Get Any Love For The EconomyThe U.S. economy is growing, unemployment is tumbling and stocks are at record highs. So why aren't President Barack Obama and the Democrats getting enough credit for that to avoid a big loss in Tuesday's midterm elections?
Maybe because, for way too many Americans, the economy might as well still be in recession.
Most of the benefits of the economic recovery that began in 2009 have accrued only to the wealthiest Americans . Middle-class Americans, meanwhile, have been left behind. Their wages and wealth have stagnated -- a key reason why polls show that most Americans think the economy is still in a recession , even though it technically started recovering five years ago.
Here's a chart, courtesy of Credit Suisse, that sums it up. It shows the ratio of wealth to household income, which has spiked during this recovery to levels not seen since just before the Great Depression:
This means the rich are getting richer at a much, much faster rate than the rest of us, who are not getting rich at all. The rich have benefited from a stock market that has more than doubled in value since 2009, while the average worker's wages have barely kept up with inflation:
Unfortunately for Obama and the Democrats, wealthier Americans tend to vote Republican , and merely getting richer in the past few years has not been enough to make them switch teams. Wealthy Americans also donate money to Republican candidatess, including the ones who are widely expected to take over the Senate and extend their control over the House of Representatives in Tuesday's elections.
Not all elections hinge on the economy, but it's not hard to draw a pretty straight line from the current economy to the gloomy outlook for Democrats in this election. Most Americans say the economy is their top issue, according to several recent polls , and only 38 percent of Americans think the economy is in OK shape, according to a recent CNN/ORC International poll. Just 35 percent of Americans approve of Obama's handling of the economy, according to Gallup.
Of course, midterm elections almost always go badly for the party that holds the White House. Going into the midterm election of 1986, President Ronald Reagan had a 60 percent approval rating and a decent economy on his side, and his party still lost control of the Senate and gave up a handful of seats in the House.
Aside from a one-off swoon in GDP in the first quarter, the economy has arguably been kinder to Obama in 2014 than it was to Reagan in 1986. GDP has bounced back sharply in the past two quarters. The unemployment rate has tumbled nearly a full percentage point this year, recently falling below 6 percent (compared with 7 percent for Reagan). The Dow and S&P 500 are constantly breaking records , and the Nasdaq is at levels not seen since the peak of the dot-com bubble in 2000.
But unemployment has fallen at least partly because workers are leaving the labor force, not because of a massive boom in hiring. Workers are giving up looking for work, either because of early retirement or because they've just lost hope, meaning they no longer count as "unemployed" in the eyes of the government.
Stock prices are at record highs, but most Americans don't own stocks. Middle-class workers who have managed to save a bit in 401(k) accounts don't have enough wealth to retire on for more than a year. Most stock gains have in fact gone to top earners, including CEOs, whose pay has skyrocketed to the point where they're making nearly 300 times as much as workers, as you can see in this chart from the Economic Policy Institute:
In thinking about 2014, a more telling comparison than 1986 is 1998, when President Bill Clinton enjoyed a great midterm election. The Republicans picked up no seats that year, the first such failure for a party out of the White House since 1934.
Clinton was lucky enough to be in office in the middle of the dot-com boom. That, of course, benefited the rich, just as the recent stock market rally has done. But in 1998, the middle class was getting a taste, too. Unemployment stayed below 5 percent all year -- close to what most economists would consider full employment. GDP was in the middle of a four-year growth boom of more than 4 percent annually, the strongest stretch since the 1960s.
Most importantly, hourly wage growth was more than twice the level of inflation that year, the biggest such gap since the early 1970s. In 1998, the middle class really felt like it was getting richer. That probably made it a lot easier to reward the party in power.
More:

Hindustan Unilever takes the right leverage in Snapdeal mess upHindustan Unilever takes the right leverage in Snapdeal mess up
Priyanka Pani
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 4:  
Online marketplace Snapdeal’s goof up has helped Hindustan Unilever (HUL) gain a loyal customer for lifetime and many new ones. Laxminarayan Krishnamurthy, a Mumbai-based resident and a bank employee, went all gaga over the FMCG major’s kind gesture over major social networking sites after he received a Samsung Core Duos phone from them. It is important to also mention that Snapdeal and HUL are not competitors.
Krishnamurthy had, however, ordered the same phone model from Snapdeal during the online e-tailer’s festive season sale but was shocked to find a soap bar and a brick inside the box. He called up Snapdeal but failed in getting a response.
Realising the power of social media, he shared his ordeal on Facebook and Twitter and his post slamming and alleging Snapdeal of fraud went viral. Taking note of this incident, the country’s largest consumer goods manufacturer sent Krishnamurthy the same smart-phone model, he had ordered for as a gift from the company. It also sent a note saying “The pictures you posted online show that our brand was used in this incident. Vim is one of our iconic brands with some great consumer franchise. We felt bad about it, not to mention what you went through. Here is a small gesture from our side to cheer you up.” It also sent out two bottles of its Vim liquid soap.
This incident also gathered a lot of attention on social media with thousands of people appreciating HUL’s gesture and its “out-of-box” ways to engage with the new age consumers.
Of late, HUL is smartly investing in digital media and are using it as a tool to engage with consumers and promote its brands. This has in turn helped the company cut down on its advertising and promotional spends this quarter.
Meanwhile, Snapdeal has not admitted to the faux pas on social media but has apparently returned money to Krishnamurthy
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

The Most Politically Influential Billionaires in the U.S.
The Deep-Pocketed GOP Donor You ve Never Heard Of
Letters to theeditorFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Not a lost opportunity
The article “Clinical trials, a lost opportunity for India” (FE, November 3) by Barbara Bierer and Mark Barnes is not only biased and misconceived but also full of factual errors. First, the concern in India is not on clinical trials per se but on phase II and III trials of experimental, new chemical and biological entities (NCEs/NBEs) not approved as drugs anywhere. These specific trials constitute just one-third of all clinical trials and are invariably conducted by or on behalf of foreign drug companies. Based on past experience, just one out of 100 such chemical and biological entities are finally approved as usable drugs. Second, the rules for domestically discovered and patented NCEs/NBEs are not only entirely different but quite liberal.
The two petitioners in the PIL in the Supreme Court are aware that every death that occurs during a trial need not be due to experimental molecule. However, leaving determination of the cause to investigators on the payroll of MNCs, with obvious conflict of interest, is totally unacceptable. Besides, a humiliating compensation of anywhere between $800 to $5,000 per death paid by MNCs, that too under media pressure, is an insult to India. The same companies have paid millions of dollars in the western countries. Even in Nigeria, the sum of $140,000 was paid per death in a vaccine trial. It is worth noting that not a single penny has been paid to those who were injured on account of clinical trials.
To say that regulating trials on NCEs/NMEs strictly will deprive Indian patients of new drugs is false. Apparently, the authors are not aware that rules for pre-approval clinical trials of new drugs approved in western countries are not only entirely different but liberal and even perfunctory. In fact, the multi-party Parliamentary Standing Committee on Health has suggested increased numbers and ethnic diversity of subjects for such trials.
Dr Chandra M Gulhati
Editor, MIMS (Monthly Index of Medical Specialities)
indianmims@yahoo.co.in
Please send your letters to:
The Editor,The Financial Express, 9&10 Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg, New Delhi-110 002
or e-mail at: feletters@expressindia.com or fax at Delhi: 91-11-23702044

This Bizarre  16th Century Illusion Painter Is Slowly Making A Comebackreddit
Stare into a Giuseppe Arcimboldo painting, and you'll find yourself gazing into a wormhole of bibelots and gimcrackery. Bits of household items mesh with teases of flora and fauna in strange yet eerily familiar configurations. Strange because of the pure randomness of the collaged pieces, familiar because the objects end up forming human faces. Where the optical illusion ends and the portrait begins is warped at every turn.
And keep in mind, his bizarre paintings were created in the 1500s, when Arcimboldo was a court portraitist who subverted the typical "royal likenesses" for portraits made from fruits, vegetables, rodents and sticks.
Giuseppe Arcimboldo, "Water," 1566, Oil on panel, 66,5 cm x 50,5 cm © KHM
One particular royal who tolerated, and probably learned to enjoy Arcimboldo's humorous technique was Holy Roman Emperor Rudolf II . In fact, the artist remained under the patronage of the Hapsburg family for 25 years, honing his "composite heads" along the way. While his work remained largely unseen for centuries after his death in 1593, Arcimboldo's oeuvre is seeing something of a comeback in recent years.
The Smithsonian dubbed him " part scientist, part sycophant, part visionary " in 2011, shortly after a series of his works went on view at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. Contemporary artists have mimicked his techniques . Now a selection of his portraits are being displayed at Austria's Kunsthistorisches Museum . " Arcimboldo: Rediscovered " is on view until February 15, 2015, showcasing two privately owned paintings (along with the Kunsthistorisches' own Arcimboldo holdings) that illuminate his appreciation of Fauna.
This is the first time in history that both paintings, seen below, are on view for the public, first in Madrid and then in Vienna, where they were reunited for the first time in four centuries with the collection of Emperor Rudolf II. Dating back to 1589, the pieces show one nearly forgotten artist's proclivity for earthly pleasures, an obsession that took a rather unlikely form for his time period. See snippets from the Kunsthistorisches Museum's collection below and check out the slideshow beneath it for more pieces from Arcimboldo's past.
Giuseppe Arcimboldo, "Flora," 1589, Oil on panel, 74,5 x 57,5 cm (excl. frame), Private collection © photograph: Fernando Ramajo
Giuseppe Arcimboldo, "Flora meretrix," ca. 1590, Oil on panel, 80,5 x 61 cm (excl. frame), Private collection © photograph: Fernando Ramajo
Giuseppe Arcimboldo, "Fire," 1566, Oil on panel, 66,5 cm x 51 cm © KHM
Giuseppe Arcimboldo, "Summer," 1563, Oil on panel, 67 cm x 50,8 cm © KHM
Giuseppe Arcimboldo, "Winter," 1563, Oil on panel, 66,6 cm x 50,5 cm © KHM
Close

Gloom set to temper any GOP midterm successNovember 3, 2014 5:28 pm
Mood of gloom set to temper any Republican midterm success
Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1f0b082-6373-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Phil Jackson Takes A Shot At Dan Snyder On Twitterreddit
Phil Jackson gets it.
The New York Knicks president and 11-time NBA champion as a coach posted a message on Monday night about the thousands of people who protested the nickname of the Washington, D.C., professional football team in Minneapolis over the weekend. Not only did Jackson praise those who protested, he also ripped Washington owner Dan Snyder (while misspelling his name) as someone who "just doesn't get it."
proud of Demonstrators at Vikings game yesterday. Keep the pressure on Snider. He just doesn't get it.
— Phil Jackson (@PhilJackson11) November 4, 2014
Snyder has repeatedly refused to change the name, insisting that the dictionary-defined offensive term honors Native Americans . There were several signs and banners at the protest on Sunday, one of which read, "No Honor In Racist Names Or Imagery."
Also on HuffPost:

Entrepreneur  13  Gets Intel Funding for Low-Cost Braille PrinterYou are here: Home Corporates
Shubham Banerjee, 13, Gets Funding From Intel
Reuters | Updated On: November 10, 2014 08:55 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Huntington Beach, California: If Shubham Banerjee cannot lay claim to being the world's youngest venture capital-backed entrepreneur, he comes very close.
Banerjee was 12 years old when he closed an early-stage funding round with Intel Capital, the company's venture capital arm, last month for his prototype for a low-cost Braille printer. Since then, the San Jose, California middle-schooler has turned 13.
That's young, even by the standards of Silicon Valley, where many venture capitalists unapologetically prefer to fund youth over experience.
Young entrepreneurs usually have reached at least their mid-teens when they hit it big. Nick D'Aloisio, founder of online news aggregator Summly, was 17 when Yahoo bought his company last year for $30 million.
Brothers John and Patrick Collison, behind payments service Stripe, were 16 and 19 when they sold an earlier business to a Canadian company for $5 million.
After reading a fundraising flyer about the blind, Banerjee felt inspired to turn a high-tech version of Legos, the toy building blocks, into a device that could print in Braille. One day, he wants to mass-produce the printers and sell them for about $350, far less than Braille printers cost now.
This past summer, he worked on incorporating an Intel Edison chip, a processor aimed at hobbyists, into the printer. In September, Intel invited him to a conference in San Francisco to highlight uses for Edison. There, he got a big surprise.
Intel executive Mike Bell announced from the conference stage that the giant chipmaker would invest in his company, Braigo Labs. Until then, his funding consisted of the $35,000 his parents gave him.
"I turned back to my dad, and said, 'What did he just say?'" Banerjee recalled. "I was all over the place."
Banerjee and a spokesman for Intel Capital declined to disclose the size of the investment. A person familiar with the matter said it was a few hundred thousand dollars. He plans to use it to build a better prototype of the printer and test it with more groups for the blind.
After the announcement, Banerjee had to bone up on unfamiliar terms such as "venture capital."
He also needed to convince adults to co-sign his funding and patent documents. Among the company officials he turned to: Braigo's president, his mom, Malini.
Banerjee says he gets mostly As and Bs as a student at the Champion School in San Jose, California. Teachers have given him time off to attend events like the conference in India and the Intel Global Capital summit this week in Huntington Beach, California. He catches up on school work on weekends, he says.
This is the second Intel investment connected to the Banerjee family. His dad, Neil, works for Kno, an education start-up that Intel bought last year.
While many young entrepreneurs who win venture-capital cash end up ditching their education to focus on their businesses full time, Banerjee says he won't take that path.
"It's an after-school thing," he says.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Danfoss India commissions Rs 500-cr facility in ChennaiHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Danfoss India commissions Rs 500-cr facility in Chennai
V Rishi Kumar
V. Rishi Kumar A view of Danfoss facility in Oragadam, Chennai.
V Rishi Kumar Cars parked under solar installations at Danfoss facility.
To serve as R&D, regional hub for cold chain and infrastructure
Chennai, Nov. 5:  
Danfoss India, a major player in the climate and energy space, today inaugurated its new manufacturing, research and development campus in Oragadam, near Chennai.
It is the Indian subsidiary of Danfoss Global, a leader in energy management and cold chain technologies.
The plant, set up with an outlay of Rs 500 crore, has a 1MW solar power plant which will generate electricity sufficient to power 10 per cent of electricity requirements of the campus.
Building on the make in India mission, Danfoss, through its focus on local manufacturing and R&D in the new campus, plans on making India a manufacturing-cum-export hub for its regional subsidiaries. Danfoss will also be sourcing products from local suppliers, thereby creating ancillary jobs.
“India being a high-growth market for us, we kickstarted our Make in India initiative two years ago having assessed the tremendous potential for growth in the Indian manufacturing sector. We are pleased to commence our manufacturing at the right place and at the right time and believe this will enable Danfoss India operations to become the export hub for Asia-Pacific markets," Niels B Christiansen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Danfoss Global, said.
The 1MW solar park is expected to help generate 1.5 million units per annum.
Some of the key features of the campus include energy efficient structural glazing, re-use of construction waste generated, use of recycled material as much as possible, insulated roofs to minimize heat ingress, roofs with natural lighting and a courtyard (2x500 Sqm) inside the administrative building.
The new campus encompasses facilities for research and development, skill development, and product development along with customer application development centre and testing labs with a focus on innovation for customised solutions.
The Product Development Centres and Customer application development centre will support developing improved energy efficiency applications in Cold Chain and Infrastructure which can be customised to cater to different customers.
A dedicated Customer Application Development Centre includes a Psychrometric Laboratory that will help in testing of Danfoss products to gauge its application prowess and thus aid informed decisions.
Danfoss foresees growth opportunities in the cooling sector in India and has identified skill gaps in the industry. Skill Development Programmes of Danfoss such as the Danfoss Learning Center within the campus will help facilitate knowledge transfer about Refrigeration and Air-Conditioning and Commercial Compressor products, applications and technologies and services to customers and industry stakeholders.
With the Ammonia Training Unit which is an operational demonstration and training ammonia system the company will strive to improve awareness about Ammonia and train in its application as a feasible refrigerant.
“With the launch of the new campus, we are keen on revolutionising manufacturing in the country by empowering India to become a hub for energy efficient solutions. Our new campus will focus on refining research and development capabilities that will help us serve customers better. It will provide an impetus to customers as local manufacturing will make solutions more cost effective and ensure speedy delivery,” Ravichandran Purushothaman, President, Danfoss India, said.
Danfoss Group is a leading supplier of technologies that meet the growing need for food supply, modern infrastructure, efficient energy utilisation and climate friendly solutions.
Headquartered in Nordborg, Denmark, the company has 59 factories in 17 countries, sales offices in 58 countries with products being sold in over 100 countries and employs some 22,500 people worldwide.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

shortlived but a real-life feel© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1434d9bc-5dce-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bay low strengthens  may turn into depression at best: IMDSatellite image taken November 5, 2014
Thiruvananthapuram, Nov 5:  
Yesterday’s low-pressure area in the southeast Bay of Bengal has strengthened a round into being ‘well-marked’ in the same area.
India Met Department expects it to become a depression by tomorrow (Thursday), according to a morning update.
DEPRESSION AT BEST
It joins other peer models across the world in discounting any possibility of the depression growing further in strength over west-central Bay.
The system could weaken back into being a low-pressure area before making a rather quite wash-over along the Andhra Pradesh-Odisha coasts.
A few others are of the view that the system may head towards Myanmar thanks to the seas being much warm along its coastline caressed by east Bay of Bengal.
FOLLOW-UP ‘LOW’
But the east coast of India should beware of another low-pressure area crossing from the Gulf of Thailand into the Andaman Sea over the next four days (by Sunday).
Early forecasts show it bears striking comparison with very severe cyclonic storm Hudhud not just with respect to the origin but also specifics of its development.
The system would enter the Indian territorial waters (Andaman Sea) as a mature circulation and could reach considerable strength after crossing the Andaman Islands.
LINE OF SIGHT
From here, it is shown as posited directly in line with the Tamil Nadu-Andhra Pradesh coast, but would need to be tracked constantly to determine the exact track.
This was more or less the profile of Hudhud that was declared a cyclone before crossing the Andaman Islands and wading into the larger Bay of Bengal waters.
No weather model has not yet signalled possibility of cyclone formation but the system bears careful watching since it would still be away from coast till when forecasts are available currently.
It would also have to contend with a procession of western disturbances bringing in early winter weather over northwest India in the form of growing chill and fog.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Women Entrepreneurs: An Exploding Small Business Demographicreddit
With just days until the midterm elections, you can definitely count on one demographic group to show up at the polls: women small business owners. By an overwhelming margin -- 86 percent -- women entrepreneurs intend to go to the polls to cast their ballots across this nation. And who will win their support? They plan to vote for candidates who have a pro-business agenda that supports policies to help entrepreneurs start and grow their businesses.
In our first-ever women's entrepreneurship survey , we polled our membership -- a growing number of women running their own small businesses -- about the opportunities and challenges they face when it comes to small business ownership. An explosive demographic in the small business community, we wanted to know how they started their businesses, the roadblocks they face and the reasons why they stick with self-employment.
It's no surprise we learned that women entrepreneurs are incredibly engaged, successful, motivated and pleased with owning and operating their own small business.  One small business owner offered this reason for why she's an entrepreneur:
...Being completely in charge of my own financial success... how I spend my time and with whom, and the ability to be unabashedly creative...
Representing the true entrepreneurial spirit of America, women are investing their own personal funds to start their ventures.  But with less than 10 percent of respondents indicating they secured any type of loan to start their business, it says something about the support of elected leaders and policymakers in helping these "Mom" businesses on Main Street.  Women business owners, just like their male counterparts, could benefit from an equal amount of financial assistance, procurement opportunities and sound financial advice available to help them launch, grow and expand their businesses.
Opening a new business involves risk; it involves scarcity of resources; and it involves persistence.  Securing a loan could help with down payment on equipment, materials and tools --- and even payroll and health care premiums so crucial to the success of any business. Despite the myriad of issues facing small business owners, women entrepreneurs cite a high-level of satisfaction and happiness with starting their own business. In fact, over 85 percent of the women we surveyed said they were satisfied with their life as a small business owner.
The good news: women are stepping out of the unemployment line to chart their own course. Another small business owner suggested that self-employment gave her a sense of altruism by saying she had the "chance to follow my passion and create opportunities to help people change aspects of their lives that they are struggling with."
Policymakers and elected leaders at all levels of government must create the economic and political environment for women and their businesses to thrive. According to our respondents, the number one concern for women is finding ways to market and growing their business (58 percent), followed by the cost of health care (38 percent).
Women entrepreneurs -- just as others in the small business community -- want to be on an equal playing field with their corporate counterparts.  Tax reform is cited as "very" and "somewhat important" of an issue by over 80 percent of women in our survey, and furthermore - they want Congress to do something to address it in 2015.  Yet, any meaningful change to the tax code must be comprehensive and include both corporate and individual tax reform .  A $3 trillion dollar economic workforce, women entrepreneurs would also benefit from added flexibility to the health care system that fits with their bottom lines. With over 80 percent of women indicating they either provide health care to their employees or themselves, it will continue to be a major policy priority for this emerging small business demographic.
Is running your own small business for you? If you ask a woman small business owner, she's likely to tell you, "Just do it! It's very rewarding... your lifestyle will definitely change."
Follow Katie Vlietstra on Twitter: www.twitter.com/NASETweets
More:

The Secret Sauce for Running a Small Business in the 21st Centuryreddit
After attending BlogHer14 in San Jose, I was challenged by one of the panelists to identify at least one task I could outsource in my business. As a small business owner, I find myself performing 90 percent of the tasks in my business. I soon discovered this practice left me with less time to work on fostering partnerships and driving the strategic direction of my company.
Many times emerging business owners believe outsourcing is expensive or for more established companies. Listen: you cannot sustain a business working as a one-person shop. You are your greatest asset. This means optimizing your health and productivity will yield incredible dividends for your business.
Here are three affordable ways to outsourcing on a budget:
1. Online Professional Services Company
Fiverr.com is a global online marketplace offering tasks and services, referred to as 'gigs' beginning at a cost of $5 (yes only $5) per job performed. The site is primarily used by freelancers from around the globe who offer a variety of services.
I used Fivver to secure graphic designers, placements in top beauty blogs, social media engagement and logo designers. Typically the turn around time is approximately 3-5 days. There is usually an options to you pay an expedited fee if you want the gig completed faster. I've saved tons of money especially by outsourcing the creative design process of my business to Fiverr. On each gig you are typically allowed at least 2-3 revisions and the tool allows you to rate the seller once the order is completed. Fiverr publishes and makes all ratings visible to you by seller before selecting a gig. Odesk.com and using virtual assistant tools are alternative platforms for outsourcing on a budget.
2. Bartering
Bartering is another great way of getting tasks accomplished that require more of a specialized skill set for free or at least a fraction of the cost.
Every business owner should take an account of the things they perform well. Keep this in mind as you meet other small business owners or other professionals that become part of your network. I organize this critical data by tracking majors contacts in my rolodex. This resource helps when a business need arises. Bartering has worked well for me because everyone gets something out of the deal and it doesn't feel one sided.
3. Hire an intern
I encourage all business owners to get at least one intern. They are tons of students who would be willing to work for "free" to gain the experience in the area that they are passionate about and/or studying.
Prior to bringing an intern onboard, business owners should develop a solid work plan and set clear deliverables you want the intern to accomplish by the end of their internship. Outside of the experience perhaps local universities may be willing to extend credit for the internship and/or offering free products or services from your business as a way to compensate the intern. This also gives the business owner people management experience. Additionally, once your business is able to hire employees you'll have a good base of talent to pull from who already know your business.
Check out www.roshellrosemond .com for more on business & money matters, wealth creation, and entrepreneurship.
Follow Roshell Rosemond on Twitter: www.twitter.com/roshellrosemond
More:

Sensex Hits 28 000: Why You Should Be CautiousGold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
The BSE Sensex scaled above 28,000 for the first time on Wednesday and the 50-share Nifty also hit a record high above 8,350. The rebound in domestic equities has come after a brief correction in October, when the Sensex ended below 26,000. But, the benchmark has taken just 12 sessions to accumulate 2,000 points from October 16 and at current rate, it may well cross 30,000 by the end of the year, making 2014 one of the best years for equities since 2009. ( Read the full story here )
In normal circumstances, investors would turn circumspect after such a strong rally, but the current mood on the Dalal Street is anything but subdued. Bank of America, which spoke to 80 large investors in the US and Asia last month, said the overwhelming sentiment was "overweight" on India. This consensus bullish tone should be a reason for worry or caution for investors. Remember Warren Buffett often says that investors should be fearful when others are greedy. (Also read: Why markets are up )
Here are some reasons why investors should be cautious amid the current euphoria:
1) Overseas flows are slowing: The over 30 per cent year-to-date surge in Sensex and Nifty should be attributed to strong fund flows. According to Morningstar, the total value of FII investment in Indian equity markets as of September 30, 2014 was $294 billion or over 19 per cent of the market capitalization of India. This is one of the highest levels of FII investments in the country. In the first two quarters of 2014, net FII flows in equities totaled $10.8 billion, but the third quarter (ending September) saw flows worth $3.1 billion only. The fourth quarter has started on a negative note, with FIIs selling equities in October.
2) Short-term support, but uncertainty remains: The sharp deceleration in FII flows coincide with the end of the six-year monetary stimulus by the US Federal Reserve in October. The first few days of November have seen robust FII flows as the Bank of Japan has announced a massive stimulus, which will boost Indian equities in the short-run. The real test for India will come when the US Fed starts raising rates sometime next year. Noted economist Moses Harding says, "Indian financial markets cannot stay ring-fenced despite domestic euphoria nor take comfort from upside momentum in growth or ease in inflation or significant improvement in fiscal deficit". ( Read Mr Harding's advice for investors )
3) Global economy continues to weigh: The continued uncertainty about growth prospects in Eurozone, Japan and emerging markets has led economist Nouriel Roubini to compare the global economy to a jetliner. Mr Roubini says the global economy is flying on a single engine (US). Of the five BRICS economies, three (Brazil, Russia, and South Africa) are close to recession, while the biggest (China) is in the midst of a structural slowdown, he says. Past experience (2008) has shown that India cannot stay immune to what's happening around the world. ( Read )
4) Red flags about Indian economy: Improving economic fundamentals are indeed a source for confidence in equities. The rebound in first quarter GDP (5.7 per cent), fall in inflation and expected narrowing in fiscal deficit demonstrate reasonable strength in the Indian economy. However, credit growth has remained subdued this year, which indicates demand is not picking up yet. The slump in industrial output in July and August is also worrisome as it indicates no revival in investment cycle, Care Ratings says. There are other concerns too: Export slowdown, widening trade deficit, weak auto and home sales - all of which raise doubt about a robust recovery. In fact, Icra Ratings expects September quarter GDP to moderate to just 5 per cent. ( Read more )
5) Much hopes on rate cut, reforms: The latest rally is based on hopes of an earlier-than-expected rate cut announcement, traders say. But many economists believe that the RBI is unlikely to reverse its hawkish stance on inflation just yet. Similarly, there are different view about how fast the government can undertake difficult reforms such as implementing the goods and services tax (GST), cutting down subsidies and easing labour laws. (Read: What Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Said on Reforms )
 

Gold hits four-year low as dollar rallies© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcc58aba-64ca-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Crony Capitalism Allegations Were True  Says Finance MinisterYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Crony Capitalism Allegations Were True, Says Finance Minister
Published On:                  November  5, 2014                 | Duration: 31 min, 57 sec

Why millennials prefer electronic gift cardsGift card holder. (Credit: Container Store)
With the holiday glut fast-approaching, you may want to think about avoiding plastic — gift cards that is.
Just as giving actual bricks-and-mortar gifts gave way to gift cards, those cards are now giving way to their virtual versions.
The early fans of electronic gift cards? Millennials. In a new survey from Bankrate.com, 14 percent of 18- to 29-year-olds say they’ve given or received a mobile gift card, double the share of 30- to 49-year-olds and more than the 6 percent of 50- to 64-year olds who had done so.
Respondents weren’t asked why they preferred one type of gift card over another, but millennials may have offered a hint. They were about twice as likely as other consumers to say they’ve lost a gift card before they could spend down the balance.
Electronic gift cards, which can be accessed through e-mail and via smartphone apps, may appeal to people worried about losing the cash, says Jeanine Skowronski, credit card analyst for Bankrate.com. “[Electronic] gift cards are definitely harder to lose,” she says. “It can exist in your e-mail, as opposed to a piece of plastic that may or may not make it into your wallet.”
Aside from being easier to track, virtual gift cards, which can be bought with a few clicks of the mouse, are more convenient than plastic gift cards, she says. (Not to mention, they’re a quick fix for procrastinators in search of a last-minute gift. No wrapping needed!)
Electronic gift cards are growing more common. This year, 59 percent of gift cards are available electronically, up from 41 percent in 2010, according to Bankrate.com, which also analyzed the terms and conditions for 62 widely held gift cards.
When it comes to where gift cards can be spent, the most popular types of cards — general purpose cards — are also the most expensive. All seven of the general gift cards studied charged a purchase fee between $3.95 and $6.95, compared to 7 percent of store-specific gift cards.
One way they’re like any other gift: You can hunt for deals. As my colleague Bethonie Butler reported , some people may save by looking for discounted gift cards on sites such as Raise.com or Gift Card Granny .
Follow Get There on Instagram:
Related:

Nifty has support around at 8200The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
 
Make sure our messages always go straight to your inbox.
Add notify@moneycontrolpremium.com to your Address Book or Safe List.
Unsubscribe me from this list
This message from Network18 is an important part of a program, service, or product that you or your company purchased or participate in.
Web18 Software Services Limited New Era Mill Compound, Mogul Lane,Matunga West, Mumbai - 400016 India
All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.

Gold futures plunge over 2 pc on global cues; low spotdemandGold futures price falls on global cues
Gold prices dropped by over 2 per cent to Rs 25,422 per 10 grams in futures trading today as the precious metal tumbled to over four-year lows in global markets.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, the December contract of gold fell sharply by Rs 541, or 2.10 per cent, to Rs 25,422 per 10 gram in business turnover of 12,172 lots.
The far-month February contract plunged by Rs 524, or 2 per cent, to Rs 25,621 per 10 grams in 305 lots.
Analysts attributed the steep fall in gold prices to off-loading of positions by participants after the precious metal tumbled to lowest level since April 2010.
A stronger dollar cut demand and investors’ holdings in bullion-backed funds dropped to a five-year low, they said.
Meanwhile, gold prices at spot markets here plunged by Rs 450 to close at over three-year low of Rs 25,900 per ten gram.
Globally, gold fell almost 2 per cent to USD 1,143.76 an ounce in Singapore, the lowest price since April 2010.
TAGS: Gold Gold Price Dropped Gold Prices
More from commodities

Get the best from market rallyPowerYourTrade Offers to You
Power Calls
Get trading calls from experts and brokers on SMS before markets open and on a real-time basis with trading ranges, exit and entry points, breakout signals and more.
Multi Baggers
Our experts panel will help you to get you those life-changing stocks, tomorrow's bluechips today. Find hidden gems that will gain steadily, and safely here.
Commodity Calls
Get commodity calls from experts and brokers on SMS before markets open and on a real-time basis with trading ranges, exit and entry points, breakout signals and more.
Heard on the Street
Our correspondents bring news to your computer screens and mobile phones. Get the buzz here before anyone hears of it.
Stock Signs
Our Research department tracks the market through the hours to unearth stocks poised to move.
Market Outlook
Read where the experts see the market levels moving in the near term.
© 2014 PowerYourTrade.com India. All Rights Reserved.
A Web18 Venture.

Businesses Boosted Hiring in October: Survey
Nation s First Soda Tax Passes In Berkeleyreddit
Local ballot measures in California to create the nation’s first taxes on sugary drinks saw both victory and defeat Tuesday when a bill won in Berkeley and lost in neighboring San Francisco, The San Francisco Chronicle reported.
San Francisco’s Proposition E proposed placing a 2-cents-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened beverages, defined as drinks containing added sugar and 25 calories or more per 12 ounces. Because the bill required that the money raised by the tax be set aside for specific spending -- health, nutrition, physical education and active recreation programs through the San Francisco Unified School District, Department of Public Health and Recreation and Park Department -- it required a two-thirds vote to pass.
PBS NewsHour calculated that a can of soda , typically 99 cents, would cost San Francisco residents closer to $1.24, and a two-liter soda, priced around $3.99, would cost more than $5.
Proposition E exempts diet sodas, milk and alternative milks such as soy or almond, beverages that contain only natural fruit and vegetable juice, infant formula, meal replacements, supplemental nutrition products and weight reduction beverages, and syrups and powders sold for individuals to create their own sugary beverages.
Berkeley’s Measure D proposed imposing a 1-cent-per-ounce general tax on sugar-sweetened beverages and sweeteners used to flavor drinks. The measure did not dedicate funding to a specific cause and required only a majority of the vote.
Similarly, Berkeley’s proposal makes exemptions for diet drinks, milk products, 100 percent juice, baby formula, alcoholic drinks taken for medical reasons, and sugary drinks and sweeteners distributed to very small retailers.
The ballot measures instigated massive spending by Big Soda. The opposition, which TIME noted was almost entirely funded by the American Beverage Association , raised $9.1 million in San Francisco and $2.4 million in Berkeley, a hefty campaign price tag in a city of just 116,000 .
The bills’ supporters have argued that soda and other sugar-sweetened beverages are major contributors to the nation’s obesity epidemic and that taxing them will help address the health crisis. San Francisco’s city economist Ted Egan said the price hike would discourage people from buying sugary drinks and predicted residents would reduce their soda consumption by 31 percent .
Opposition to the bills argued that taxes are already high and that these measures unfairly target the beverage industry . The soda companies, Business Insider noted, have also touted recent decisions to remove all full-calorie sodas from schools as part of their pledge to to cut beverage calories consumed per person by 20 percent by 2025.
Also on HuffPost:

Cognizant pips Infy  Wipro in revenue growthCognizant pips Infy, Wipro in revenue growth
Our Bureau
Q3 net profit rises 11%; adds 12,300 people
Chennai, Nov. 5:  
Cognizant Technology Solutions has reported an 11 per cent increase in net profit, at $356 million, in the third quarter ended September 30, against $320 million in the same quarter last year. Revenue was at $2.6 billion, up 12 per cent from the year-ago period and 2.5 per cent sequentially.
The company said it had seen “significant” traction for its social, mobile, analytics and cloud offerings with clients.
US-based Cognizant, which has over 75 per cent of its employees working in India, added nearly 12,300 people in the September quarter, according to a company press release.
During the quarter, Cognizant was behind Tata Consultancy Services in revenue growth but beat Infosys and Wipro. “There is a tremendous opportunity in the marketplace as the advent of new digital technologies, global economic pressures, and an evolving regulatory environment force businesses across all industries to change and adapt faster than ever before,” said Francisco D’Souza, CEO, Cognizant, in the release.
Revenue guidance
The company expects to end the full-year with revenue between $10.13 billion and $10.16 billion.
Revenue growth was slightly ahead of its revised forecast. Operating margins were within the target range of 19-20 per cent as the company absorbed the impact of annual wage increases during the third quarter, said Karen McLoughlin, Chief Financial Officer, Cognizant.
Cognizant’s balance sheet remains strong as cash and short-term investments increased during the quarter by almost $500 million to $4.6 billion.
Later this quarter, it anticipates utilising $1.7 billion of this cash, in addition to $1 billion of floating-rate debt through a syndicated term loan, to fund the previously announced acquisition of TriZetto, she said in the release. While discussing the results with analysts in a conference call, D’Souza said the company had invested over the past three years to build its digital capabilities.
The company closed the quarter with 1,255 active customers, and the number of accounts that it considered strategic increased by seven, to 264. These accounts have the potential to ramp up to at least $5 million or more than $50 million in annual revenue, said McLoughlin.
Consulting and technology services, and outsourcing services represented 53.5 per cent and 46.5 per cent of revenue respectively for the quarter, she said.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

WhatsApp will remain free in India: AroraNeeraj Arora (left), Vice-President of WhatsApp, with Ajit Rangnekar, Dean of the Indian School of Business, in Hyderabad on Tuesday PV SIVAKUMAR
Neeraj Arora, Vice-President, Business Development at mobile messenger service, WhatsApp, interacting with students at ISB's Hyderabad campus.
Hyderabad, November 5:  
WhatsApp, the messenger service firm acquired by Facebook, is not enforcing its $1 a year fee in India. Normally, the service is free for a year and the US-based firm charges users a dollar a year after that.
Neeraj Arora, Vice-President of WhatsApp, said that it is not enforcing the fee here as there were several ecosystem issues such as low penetration of credit cards.
An alumnus of the Indian School of Business (ISB), Arora spent a day with the students of the school. In the evening, he had an informal chat with the students where he related his journey with start-ups, Google and then WhatsApp four years ago. Arora joined WhatsApp when it was a start-up with a small team and had only 40 million users. Today, it has 600 million users.
He played a key role in closing the $19-billion acquisition of WhatsApp by Facebook earlier this year.
On cutting into the SMS business of telecom operators, he said the company has asked them to tie up with WhatsApp as they could sell more data with more and more people getting onto WhatsApp.
“They understood the point. We have tied up with five telcos in India,” he said.
WhatsApp does not have advertising tie-ups. “We believe in the subscription model and not in advertising as people do not like to have ads as they converse,” he explained.
Asked to comment on user preferences in countries such as Japan and China, Arora said the company didn’t believe in developing products tailored to a few countries.
“If it doesn’t apply to the majority of our users, we don’t do it. We believe in building a product that works for everyone,” he said.
India’s time
He said the India story has come of age and start-ups can build products targeting the domestic market. Five years ago, it was a different story.
Arora said the reason start-ups sprout in Silicon Valley is because it has a very vibrant ecosystem. “You throw a stone there and it hits an entrepreneur. You need to have people to back (fund) your ideas because nine out of 10 ideas do not work. You need to have Stanford-like institutes, too,” he said.
“Indians have it in their DNA to build the next WhatsApp for the world,” he added.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

A milestone for women in Congress  but not much growthBy Jena McGregor November 5 Follow @jenamcgregor
Newly elected Iowa Republican Senator Joni Ernst during an election night celebration on November 4, 2014 in West Des Moines, Iowa. (Photo by Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post)
Tuesday's election will bring the count of women in Congress to more than  100  for the first time, between both the House and the Senate. The number of female U.S. senators will either remain at 20, the same record high as set in the 2012 elections, or could reach 21 if Democrat  Mary Landrieu  wins the runoff election in Louisiana.
Meanwhile, the number of women in the U.S. House of Representatives now stands at 81, according to numbers tallied by the  Center for American Women and Politics (CAWP) at Rutgers University, which tracks the number of women in elected office. Another four races involving female candidates, according to CAWP, are still too close to call — meaning the final tally could end up as high as 85 women in the House, compared with 79 in the 113th Congress.
And yet, despite this milestone, the presence of women in Congress still doesn't appear poised to grow by more than a trickle. Before the election, women held 99 seats in Congress. The post-election total stands at 101, and could at most reach 106.
All told, even if all four of those tight House races go to the female candidate, the ratio of women in the House wouldn't quite reach 20 percent. "This is still very slow growth," said Debbie Walsh, CAWP's director. "If the goal is political parity for women — for women to be represented in Congress in proportion to their population — we're still not close."
The number of new women elected, versus incumbents, is also a figure that sheds light on the rate of growth. And this year won't set any records. The high water mark  was 1992, when 24 new women were elected. In 2012, there were 19; and in 2010, there were 13. The 2014 count currently stands at 11 new women, though it could reach 13 depending on two races that are too close to call.
Moreover, the shift in power in the Senate to Republicans could affect the number of women in leadership roles on committees. Before the midterms, Walsh said, "women were 30 percent of the majority party [in the Senate], so you saw women in really important and powerful leadership positions," chairing many major committees. "But there's a loss of leadership that comes in this partisan shift." Even with the election of Republicans Joni Ernst in Iowa and Shelley Moore Capito in West Virginia, there will still only be six GOP women in the Senate.
This year, 15 women were candidates for Senate seats on election night, 10 of them Democrats and five Republicans. And 160 women were candidates for House seats Tuesday — 109 of them Democrats and 51 of them Republicans, according to data from CAWP . "If it's a bad year for Democrats, its going to be a bad year for women, in terms of the number of women getting elected," Walsh said.
This was the first election since 1992, it's worth noting, in which more Republican women than Democratic women initially filed as candidates for U.S. Senate seats. Yet more Democratic women actually made it through their primaries to become nominees. That could be because.as Walsh observed, female Republican candidates tend to be more moderate than the conservative voters who traditionally turn out for the Republican primaries.
Financial backing and other resources may also be a factor. "Republican women don't have the same infrastructure that the Democratic women have," Walsh said. "There is nothing comparable on the Republican side to a group like Emily's List ."
Despite this year's modest growth in the number of women elected, the 2014 midterms did produce some notable firsts for women. Iowa's Ernst can claim two of them: Not only will she be the first woman the state of Iowa has elected to either the House or the Senate, she will also be the Senate's first female combat veteran.
Mia Love , meanwhile, became the first African American Republican woman elected to Congress. Previously the mayor of Saratoga Springs, Utah, Love won the state's fourth district. And Elise Stefanik , a Republican who picked up an open seat in New York, became the youngest woman ever elected to Congress, at just 30 years old.
It was also a year when some of the most high-profile, competitive races involved a female candidate. Tight, closely watched Senate races in Iowa, Georgia, North Carolina, New Hampshire, Louisiana and Kentucky all featured women. All too often in the past, Walsh said, "women end up being sacrificial lamb candidates" where they don't stand a chance. That wasn't the case this year. "These were the races that could determine the balance of power in the U.S. Senate. It was important that women were candidates in those races."
There was one other interesting first this year — for a man. Republican Scott Brown, in losing to Jeanne Shaheen in New Hampshire, became the first man to lose to two different women in U.S. Senate history. He also lost to Elizabeth Warren in Massachusetts in 2012.
Read also:

WATCH: Badass Porcupine Fends Off 17 Lionsreddit
Who's the king of the jungle now?
Footage posted on YouTube last week shows a pride of 17 lions surrounding a single porcupine at the Londolozi Game Reserve , a private reserve bordering Kruger National Park in South Africa.
" This is not an ideal place to be , especially if you feature on the menu of a lion!" Lucien Beaumont, who captured the footage, wrote on the reserve's blog.
But, as it turns out, the porcupine wasn't planning on becoming dinner that night. Beaumont wrote:
"The porcupine began to run backwards into any lion that would come too close for comfort, a common defense mechanism for a threatened porcupine. If the porcupine manages to get close enough to a predator, it does not shoot its quills as many people may think. Rather the quills have micro-barbs, which hook into the face or paws of a predator that may get too close. The quills simply pull out of the porcupines skin without causing damage to the prickly creature. The predator then has to deal with a painful quill."
The lions eventually gave up and disappeared into the night.

Only Disney Is Magical Enough To Get Google And Apple To Make A DealOnly Disney Is Magical Enough To Get Google And Apple To Make A Deal
Posted:
Disney likes to talk about the magical experiences it creates in its movies, theme parks and Broadway shows.
That magic evidently also works on multibillion-dollar tech companies.
On Tuesday, Apple and Google eased up on the rules surrounding Disney movies , according to a report in The Wall Street Journal. Previously, if you bought a Disney movie on iTunes -- or any movie, for that matter -- you couldn't watch it on an Android device. Similarly, you couldn't buy a Disney movie from the Google Play store and watch it on an Apple device. Now, in the case of about 400 Disney movies, it doesn't matter if you buy them from either Apple or Google -- you can watch them on an Android device or through iTunes.
The only catch is that you must connect to Google and Apple's digital stores through Disney's free Disney Movies Anywhere app. The app became available for iOS earlier this year , and available for Android on Tuesday.
What that means for you is that you can now buy a movie like "Cinderella" through the Google Play store, download it to your Android tablet and then watch it later on your Apple TV.
So how did Google and Apple, corporate enemies, get to this place? After all, in an interview with Charlie Rose in September, Apple CEO Tim Cook called out Google as Apple's top, and perhaps only, true competitor.
The answer can be found in far-off Arendelle, home of "Frozen's" Queen Elsa, according to one analyst.
"Disney's in charge," James McQuivey , a vice president and principal analyst at the research firm Forrester, told The Huffington Post. "Disney's content is so powerful that Disney can essentially dictate these terms to the other companies."
As many parents know, kids like to watch movies over and over and over again. That's why a lot of Disney movies are conducive to ownership, rather than just streaming, said McQuivey: You want to download "Frozen" so your kids can watch it in the car, on a plane or at home.
“We want to make it easy for movie fans to enjoy all of their past and future digital purchases across all of their devices," Jonathan Zepp, head of Google Play Movies partnerships, said in a press release announcing the arrival of the Disney Movies Anywhere app to Android.
Apple did not respond to a request for comment.
Some major movie studios, like Sony Pictures, 20th Century Fox, Universal, Warner Bros. and Paramount, as well as sellers like Vudu, M-Go and Target Ticket, participate in UltraViolet , a cloud service that allows you to buy a movie once and watch it on multiple devices. But so far, Google, Apple and Disney have not joined, according to The Wall Street Journal .
"Of the movies that you do want to buy, Disney controls a large share of them," McQuivey said. "The fact that they can actually get Apple to do this speaks to the power of Disney's content."
McQuivey said this isn't necessarily a watershed moment for content distribution. While it would be nice to be able to watch any movie or TV show on any device any time we want, regardless of where we bought it, that's probably not going to happen in the near future, he said.
"I really don't think this does anything except show who's really in charge, and that's Disney," McQuivey told HuffPost. "No other studio has this kind of power."
But Paul Verna, a senior analyst at eMarketer, said that he wouldn't be surprised if content restrictions continued to ease in the near future. He drew a parallel between the Apple-Google-Disney arrangement and recent announcements that HBO and CBS plan to offer standalone streaming services .
"I think the message is pretty clear that the days of that ultra-tight ecosystem are giving way to an era of less control on the part of the ecosystem provider," Verna told HuffPost. "The consumer is calling more of the shots by virtue that they expect everything to be available on demand, on all screens, at all times."
More:

11 Tips For Finally Starting Your Own Sketchbookreddit
It was artist Paul Klee who said, "A drawing is simply a line going for a walk." His quote aptly captures the simplicity of sketching -- an art form so beautifully uncomplicated it requires only a piece of paper and a writing utensil. You don't have to be a successful early 20th century painter to excel at the technique. Anyone's wandering imagination will do just fine.
France Belleville-Van Stone 's Sketch! The Non-Artist's Guide to Inspiration, Technique, and Drawing Daily Life is a book that -- quite literally -- illustrates Klee's ideals. The short tome, published by Penguin Random House and stuffed to the brim with original sketches, is the motivational book every aspiring creative needs. Written by a self-taught, or "untaught," artist, it serves as a guide for readers who want to make drawing a daily part of their lives -- even if they don't have years of art school behind them.
The book goes on sale on November 4, but we have a preview of the publication below. Behold, 11 tips for finally starting your own sketchbook.
1. Experiment with supplies.
Supplies vary from store to store -- and while an extensive knowledge of pens and papers can be useful, you don't need to be an art major to find which tools work for you. Just be open to experimenting within your budget. Belleville-Van Stone uses Pilot Precise pens (V5 and V7) and Pigma Microns, 2B pencils, and anything from a Moleskine journal to a Stillman & Birn Gamma series sketchbook. Need something for erasing? Paper Mate Tuff Stuff is "a clever little eraser."
2. Embrace randomness.
Sometimes, supplies found at random work too. "I never want to turn drawing into a ceremony; therefore, anything close at hand is potentially good. This is how a lot of my drawings end up on envelopes, packages, photocopy paper or folders. This deliberate randomness forces me to explore other surfaces and accept the challenge of size."
3. Keep in mind -- portability is key.
At the end of the day, the most important thing to keep in mind is that in order to make drawing a habit, you have to be able to carry your supplies on your person. What type of bag do you carry on a regular basis? Can you fit a sketchbook and pencil case in it? Maybe you have more space and can stuff some clorox wipes, a clipboard and your watercolor pigments too. Just be realistic, because the goal is to be consistent.
4. Don't be afraid of a little color.
Pro tip: The Pentel Aqua Brush is a portable brush that allows you to add watercolors on the go. It stores enough water for days and works well with pocket pigments. Of course, there's always colored pencils and markers too.
5. Loosen up by doodling.
When you're ready to tackle that first blank page, remember -- it's important to loosen up. Belleville-Van Stone suggests doodling, a practice that's good for the hand and the mind. For example, try sketching in a continuous line taking random 90-degree turns without lifting your pen. Draw familiar patterns. Call a friend and sketch the random objects that come up in conversation. Even better -- try blind contour (drawing an object without taking your eyes off of it; meaning -- don't peek at the paper).
6. All you need is a few minutes.
Have only a few minutes to spare? No worries. Turn your time constraint into an exercise and see how fast you can sketch an image into being. If you can improvise a seat (or sketch standing up), you can draw anywhere. Try scheduling 10-minute sketch periods when you need a break.
7. Redefine completion.
Know that the completion of a drawing is a personal decision. So if you're crunched for time or tools, turn completion into an "elastic concept."
"Relinquish the concept of the finished product and draw for the sake of a few lines."
8. Consider going digital.
Don't think of the tablet as a substitute for paper. Think of it as an entirely different medium. If David Hockney can embrace the technological and artist possibilities of a stylus or fingertip, so can you. Bonus: There's the power to undo a stroke, which doesn't happen in a Moleskine.
9. Discover apps on apps on apps.
For the tablet and smartphone savvy, Belleville-Van Stone suggests Procreate over Brushes, Paper by FiftyThree for simplicity, and a number of styluses from Targus to a Wacom Bamboo. We have our own list here .
10. Experiment with prompts.
Sometimes all you need to overcome creative block is a specific prompt. An easy one: drawing the alphabet. This particular exercise can last for more than one session, as you pick back up in the ABCs where you left off each time you open your sketchbook.
11. Ultimately understand that the process of drawing -- not just the resulting drawing -- brings fulfillment.
Drawing doesn't have to be sacred, according to Belleville-Van Stone. The author encourages beginners to stop feeling pressure to create an image; rather, focus on the drawing part of drawing. Don't let the concept of failed sketches stop you from losing yourself in the moments of creating -- a period of activity that can be not only relaxing but meaningful all in its own.
Sketch! The Non-Artist's Guide to Inspiration, Technique, and Drawing Daily Life is available here. All photos courtesy of Penguin Random House.
Related on HuffPost:

J.C. Penney Will Kick Off Black Friday At 5 P.M. On Thanksgivingreddit
J.C. Penney announced on Wednesday that its Black Friday sales will begin at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving, three hours earlier than last year.
The department store joins a number of other retailers kicking off their Black Friday sales earlier than ever this year in an effort to squeeze the most out of customers during the competitive holiday shopping season.
The Black Friday creep, also known as the  "War on Thanksgiving," has been criticized by shoppers and workers alike for turning a day that's traditionally spent with family and friends into one focused on consumption.
So far this year, Kmart, Sears, Macy's and Walmart have said they'll open stores on Thanksgiving Day. Costco and Sam's Club are among the holdouts who refuse to open on the holiday.
Last year was the first year J.C. Penney opened on Thanksgiving, and Joey Thomas, a J.C. Penney spokesperson, said that the "response from customers was overwhelmingly positive."
"Local store leaders recognize the importance of work-life balance when staffing regular and seasonal associates, and give priority to those who volunteer for holiday shifts," Thomas wrote in an email. "Hourly associates will receive time and a half for hours worked on Thanksgiving Day."
J.C. Penney has struggled for years from weak sales , tumultuous leadership changes and a decaying brand . It's not clear whether steep holiday discounts will help the retailer.
Earlier this year, J.C. Penney was initially reluctant to release details about its 2013 holiday sales performance , which sent its stock tumbling . The store also announced it would be closing 33 stores and laying off thousands of workers.
More:

Brand it like Branson© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/4d4fb05e-64cd-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hiker Makes Amazing Discovery In Desertreddit
Jeff Dornbusch knew there was something odd about a pile of gray rocks he spotted more than a decade ago during a hike in the southern New Mexico desert, and a closer look confirms that he was right.
Dornbusch, a museum volunteer in Truth or Consequences, N.M., relocated those rocks in 2012 and notified local scientists, who identified the rocks as fragments of a 90-million-year-old turtle fossil , the Las Cruces Sun-News reported.
Since then, researchers have returned to the site where the rocks were found and excavated the rest of the turtle.
(Story continues below image.)
Workers from the New Mexico Museum of Natural History (from left, Tom Suazo, fossil preparer; Amanda Cantrell, geosciences collections manager; Jake Sayler, volunteer; and Asher Lichtig, student researcher) excavating the 90-million-year-old turtle fossil on Oct. 29, 2014, about six miles east of Turtleback Mountain, a well-known peak near Truth or Consequences.
The prehistoric Adocus turtle's environment 90 million years ago during the Cretaceous Period was much different than the desert landscape where its remains were unearthed.
"Basically, what this is [was] a swampy, near-shore environment," Tom Suazo, fossil preparer for the New Mexico Museum of Natural History, told the Sun-News.
With help from volunteers, researchers dug up loose pieces of fossilized bone and turtle shell , the AP reported.
A vertebra found Oct. 29, 2014, at the excavation site of a 90-million-year-old turtle near the city of Truth or Consequences, N.M..
Jeff Dornbusch speaks to James Renn, archaeologist with the U.S. Bureau of Land Management, on Oct. 29, 2014, while the fossil was excavated nearby.
The completeness of the fossil won't be known until after the remains are sorted through at the New Mexico Museum of Natural History in Albuquerque, the Sun-News reported.
Plans call for the fossilized turtle to move to the museum , where it will be put on display.
Also on HuffPost:

RBI Should Cut Rates to Boost Growth: HCCYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
RBI Should Cut Rates to Boost Growth: HCC
Published On:                  November  5, 2014                 | Duration: 17 min, 50 sec
Tweet
HCC chairman Ajit Gulabchand says the government has taken steps in the right direction and sentiment has revived, but industry continues to feel the pain. In an interview to NDTV, he makes a case for moving faster on critical reforms and urges the RBI to cut rates to boost growth.

Reforms a Step in Right Direction: Fortis HealthcareYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Reforms a Step in Right Direction: Fortis Healthcare
Published On: November  5, 2014                 | Duration: 13 min, 44 sec
Tweet
Malvinder Mohan Singh, executive chairman of Fortis Healthcare, talks to NDTV about the reforms announced by the new government. He says that the reforms are a step in the right direction and that sentiment in the business community is extremely positive but emphasises the need to provide health insurance to all.

Why do car windows fog upWhy do car windows fog up?
Foggy window
David Thomas, Cars.com
When the inside windows fog up, it is advised to turn on the defrosters (front and rear) and turn up the heat.
When the inside windows fog up, it is advised to turn on the defrosters (front and rear) and turn up the heat. (David Thomas, Cars.com)
By Rick Popely, Cars.com
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles
Car windows fog up on the inside when warm, moist air meets colder glass surfaces, causing condensation.
When car windows fog up, turn on the defrosters and turn up the heat because warm, dry air clears glass.
We've all been there. You jump into your car and within a few minutes of driving the windows are so fogged up inside that you're looking at the world through a murky layer of moisture. How did that happen?
"In its simplest form, it's too much water in the air, and it condenses on the glass," said Mike Hoppe, an engineer at Fiat Chrysler Automobiles in charge of climate control systems. "It condenses on the inside because the outside is colder, and when it's colder outside that lowers the relative humidity point."
Whether you are a new, young driver or someone who has never owned a car before, learning the basics of car care makes both driving and ownership more fun. Even veteran car owners should be familiar with the basics. ( Bob Weber, Special to the Tribune )
In short, windows fog up on the inside when warm, moist air in the car meets colder glass surfaces, causing condensation.
"It's like when you see your breath when it's cold outside. Your breath generally has 100 percent humidity in it, but you're only seeing it when it's cold outside because that's when it's reaching the point where it's causing fog."
0
Humidity levels inside a car can increase from passengers breathing, clothes that are wet from rain, snow that people drag in on their boots, damp floormats and — a classic example — an amorous couple. Even a hot pizza elevates moisture levels in a car.
"The steam that's coming off of that is 100 percent humidity, and it's all going into the cabin air," Hoppe said, referring to the pizza.
When the inside windows fog up, Hoppe advises to turn on the defrosters (front and rear) and turn up the heat. The air conditioning comes on automatically when the windshield defroster is turned on in most current vehicles, if not all, and Hoppe said that will dehumidify the air and clear windows faster.
Warm air contains more moisture, but Hoppe said it's the relative humidity that matters, so warm, dry air coming through the defroster will clear the glass faster than cool air.
He added that it's best to use fresh air instead of the recirculation mode because the latter will recycle the moist air that was the cause of the problem.
Keeping inside windows clear of condensation may be less of an issue than in the past. Several current Chrysler and Fiat vehicles, as well as some from other manufacturers that have automatic climate control systems, have humidity sensors that can trigger anti-fogging modes.
"The system will take care of fogging by itself. It's sensing the levels of fog and the temperatures on the glass, and it's making corrections, either blocking recirculation or engaging the (air-conditioning) compressor or in the Auto mode adjusting the blower, warming the air, going to defrost — all automatically," Hoppe said. "The customer doesn't have to do anything."

Neutral on GCPL on weak Q2: MotilalOswalFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
We maintain ‘neutral’ on Godrej Consumer (GCPL) with a target price of R870. Recovery in domestic volume growth is a key monitorable. We are revising our estimates downwards by 2-3% to bake in lower topline growth and Q2 miss. The stock trades at rich valuations of 36.9x FY15 and 30.7x FY16e EPS respectively.
Consolidated sales in Q2FY15 grew below expectations at 4.6% with 6.5% growth for the Indian subcontinent and 2.5% growth in international business (12% growth in constant currency terms).
Consolidated constant currency sales grew 9%, primarily impacted by slowdown in household insecticides due to deficient monsoon in central and north regions.
Gross margins contracted 170 bps y-o-y to 52% due to raw material inflation and mix deterioration. Ebitda margins expanded 100 bps to 16.1% on account of savings in other expenses, ad spends and staff cost. Consequently, ebitda grew 11.7% y-o-y to R330 crore. Higher other income and lower depreciation cost aided PBT growth of 19% y-o-y to R310 crore. PAT increased 10.4% y-o-y to R220 crore.
India business performance was subdued due to slowdown across categories and posted sales of R1,030 crore, up 6.5% y-o-y. Home insecticide saw 2% sales growth while hair care reported 9% growth. Soaps revenues were up 13% while the category continued to de-grow this quarter.
International sales grew 2.5% to R960 crore (12% organic constant currency growth), primarily led by 10% sales growth in Indonesia.

Investors wink at NPA concerns as BFSI stocks lead SensexrallyFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Even as broader concerns of slowing credit growth and an extended NPA cycle loom on the banking sector, shares in the banking and financial services institutions (BFSI) space have led the current market rally, which started in  the third week of October.
In the last 12 trading sessions, top five BFSI firms have collectively added close to 851 points to Sensex’s 1,917-point ascent since October 17, 2014. This represents a near 45% contribution to gains in the 30-share benchmark. The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), gained 2.2% on Wednesday to close at R2,782.25 — the highest in three-and-a-half years. ICICI Bank, India’s largest private sector lender, and HDFC, the largest bank by market capitalisation, ended at historic highs.
Click here for graph
Analysts said growing expectations of rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) at the next policy review have backed the recent rally as has the growing interest of foreign portfolio (FPI) investors in banking stocks.
Overseas investors are betting BFSI stocks to be at the heart of the market rally. A pick-up in credit growth will play a pivotal role in an up-turn in economic growth that is envisioned by the government, they said. Credit growth has recovered to 11.16% after a hitting a decade low of 9.7%.
Banks are targeting a credit growth of 12-15% for full-year FY15.
The inclination towards banking shares was also seen replicated in the previous two rallies in May 2014 and August-September 2014, when banking stocks contributed about 25-40% at a time when benchmark indices surged more than 7% in a span of 12-19 days.
Between May 8 and 23, the Sensex had gained 2,369 points, or 11%. SBI had contributed more with 260 points, followed by ICICI Bank with 248 points. All the banking stocks have outperformed the Sensex so far this year with a return ranging between 37-76%. The Sensex gained 32% in the same period. On Wednesday, the BSE Bankex closed at record high 19,872.26, up 1.41%. Axis Bank was the top performer in the sector with 2.93% gains, followed by SBI. Among the banking stocks, Axis Bank gained the most with 76% return in CY14.

Buy Gujarat Pipavav on strong Q3CY14 show: JMFinancialFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
We maintain ‘buy’ rating on Gujarat Pipavav Port (GPPL) and December 2015 target price of R180 per share. We value GPPL on FCFe basis, and tweak our CY14/15/16e to reflect Q3CY14 performance and also include consistent dividend from Pipavav Railway Corporation (PRCL) in our forecast. We value PRCL at 8x FY16 EPS and therefore assign R300 crore value (R6 per share) towards GPPL’s stake in PRCL.
GPPL reported strong container volumes, up 19% y-o-y, on the back of two new services/upsizing of existing services. GPPL reported record revenue of R170 crore on higher volume growth and record blended realisation on product mix. GPPL received dividend of R19.2 crore from PRCL, up from R3.8 crore in CY13. Adjusted for the one-time operating costs, net profit increased to R92 crore.
Despite higher operating costs due to revision of trailer hire contract, GPPL reported strong ebitda margins. Adjusted for one-time operating costs, the company reported record ebitda margins of 57.9% on favourable cargo mix. Adjusted ebitda stood at R0.99 billion.
Bulk volume grew 2.7% y-o-y on account of higher coal and fertiliser volumes.
By JM Financial

Global ETF rebalancing to benefit Bharat Forge  BhartiInfratelFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Bharat Forge and Bharti Infratel may benefit from an expected supply-demand mismatch due to the upcoming rebalancing of global exchange-traded funds (ETFs) this month, says Kotak Institutional Equities.
In a recent strategy report, the broking house notes that the rebalancing is likely to have a negative impact on Godrej Consumer Products (GCPL), HDFC Bank and M&M Financial Services due to no, or limited, foreign headroom.
Given that Bharti Infratel has seen an increase in its free-float capitalisation in the recent past, the stock may be added as a constituent of the benchmarks tracked by global ETFs.
Click here for graph
“Bharat Forge, on the other hand, meets the minimum size requirement now and could see incremental buying from passive funds,” says the note. The auto-ancillary company is one of the best performing stocks this year with a more-than-two-fold jump in market value to R19,638 crore.
The broker noted that auto major Hero MotoCorp could also see its weightage getting re-adjusted upwards after an increased limit for FII ownership from 40% to 49% in October.
“HDFC Bank remains an FII-restricted stock and could see exclusion, while M&M Financial Services may see selling due to foreign headroom issues. Foreign interest in GCPL continued over the quarter, resulting in the available foreign headroom nearing the 15% threshold,” it added.
As of the quarter ended September 2014, FIIs held 33.84% in HDFC Bank and another 16.38% through depository receipts. Investors await a nod from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board for an increase in the FII limit. In case of M&M Financial Services and GCPL, FII holdings as of the September quarter stood at 41.5% and 29% against the allowed limit of 49% and 35%, respectively.
For the analysis, the brokerage house compared the average trading volume of the stocks with the possible incremental change in demand/supply.
In Bharti Infratel’s case, the incremental demand could be of $49 million while, for GCPL, incremental selling at $26 million is equivalent to nearly 10 times its average daily volume of the last six months.

DLF to redeem Rs 1 806 cr inMFsFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
An appeals court on Wednesday granted interim relief to DLF by allowing the real estate company to redeem mutual fund (MF) investments worth R1,806 crore toward “payment of loan installments inclusive of interest payments”.
The Gurgaon-based realty firm continues to contest the three-year regulatory ban that restrains the company from accessing the capital markets.
The Securities and Appellate Tribunal (SAT) has allowed mutual fund redemption after DLF group chief financial officer (CFO) Ashok Kumar Tyagi submitted a statement giving a detailed break-up of the fund required by the company and its subsidiaries by December 31, 2014.
DLF said it needs to redeem R767 crore worth of MFs in November 2014, of which the company will utilise R350 crore for its own use and the balance R417 crore will be utilised by its subsidiaries. In addition, the company can redeem R1039 crore in December – R750 crore for its own use and R287 crore for the subsidiaries.
DLF has a little over R2,000 crore locked in mutual funds. The company has a more than R20,000 crore in borrowed capital from various financial institutions.
“Without prejudice to their (DLF) rights, the appellant (DLF) be permitted to redeem investments made in the mutual funds to the extent that this tribunal deems fit and proper… In addition, the appellant is required to submit a certificate from the statutory auditors to Sebi that amount received by redemption of mutual funds are utilised for the aforesaid purposes by indicating the name of subsidiary and on whose behalf the money is redeemed,” observed JP Devadhar, tribunal’s presiding officer and head of the three-member bench.
The SAT, a quasi-judicial body, has also stated the regulatory ban will not come in the way of shares of unlisted companies pledged with lenders or pledgee that were suspended by the depositories National Securities Depository (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (CDSL).
“It is made clear that the impugned order will not come in the way of the lenders or plegdee in invoking and enforcing the shares of the unlisted subsidiaries, which held by the appellant but are pledged in favour of the lenders, if and when the need arises,” observed Devadhar.
The three-member bench of the SAT will conduct final hearing on December 10. As part of the appeals process, the tribunal will decide if the company may be allowed to raise R5,000 crore rupees in non-convertible debentures (NCDs).
The tribunal has set November 30 as deadline for market regulator Sebi to file an affidavit on the complete matter. SAT has also set December 8 as deadline for the Gurgaon-based real estate developer to submit its rejoinder against Sebi affidavit, challenging the three-year ban imposed by the market regulator for alleged irregularities in the 2007-IPO through which the company raised R9,187 crore – the biggest public offering in the country at that time.
Sebi barred DLF and six of its top executives from accessing and otherwise buying, selling or dealing in securities for a period of three years for non-disclosure of “material information” in its draft red-herring prospectus (DRHP).

Sensex scales 28 000; record closing forNiftyFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
With Brent crude trading at a four-year low, benchmark indices continued their positive run on Wednesday. The BSE benchmark Sensex touched the 28,000 mark for the first time and the 50-unit CNX Nifty posted another record closing high.
On Wednesday, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) bought $171 million worth of equities, while domestic institutional investors (DIIs) sold $200 million. YTD, FIIs have pumped over $14 billion into Indian equities.
On Wednesday, the 30-share BSE Sensex ended higher by 55.50 points, or 0.20%, at 27,915.88 — a fresh closing high. It touched an intra-day high of 28,010.39. The broader 50-share Nifty ended up 14.15 points, or 0.17%, to close at 8,338.30.  Brent crude was trading at $82.52/barrel at 7 pm IST after top oil exporter Saudi Arabia cut sales prices to the US, as per a Reuters report.
Click here for graph
The market rally was led by gains in Axis Bank, which ended 2.93% higher at R457.70. Dr Reddy’s Laboratories (2.27%), SBI (2.24%), Sun Pharma (2.10%), ICICI Bank (1.84%) and BHEL (1.72%) were other major gainers.
Among peers, most Asian markets ended lower. The Hang Seng (-0.63%), Kospi (-0.19%), Shanghai Composite (-0.42%), Taiwan Taiex (-0.30%) and Jakarta Composite (-0.08%) ended in the red. The Nikkei (0.44%) and Straits Times (0.18%) ended in the green.
Back home, 16 of the 30 Sensex stocks ended in the red on Wednesday. In the broader market, breadth was strong with 1,619 stocks traded on the BSE ending higher compared with 1,394 stocks retreating. Most of the 12 BSE sectoral indices ended in the green. The BSE Bankex (1.41%),
BSE Healthcare (1.01%) and BSE IT (0.73%) ended in the green.
The NSE cash turnover on Wednesday stood at R20,300 crore, while that in the F&O segment stood at R1.59 lakh crore.

Global commodity prices fall on weak data from China EUGold futures price falls on global cues
Commodity prices witnessed a broad-based slide on Wednesday, as weak economic data from China and Europe reinforced fears about demand, while a rally in the dollar following a major victory for Republicans in mid-term elections in the US also made prospects of raw material imports by other countries bleak. Brent crude oil, gold and silver hit fresh four-year troughs intra-day, while copper dropped to its lowest in two-weeks and farm commodities, too, saw a decline.
The Thomson Reuters Jefferies CRB index, which tracks the movement of 19 commodities, was down 0.28% at 267.38 by 8.53 ET on Tuesday.
Latest data showed that China’s services sector growth slowed in October, just days after factory output witnessed subdued growth, hurting demand outlook for most commodities of which China is the key consumer. Moreover, slower-than-expected business growth in Euro zone in October, which was slightly better than a ten-month trough in September, too, weighed in. The dollar also rallied to a four-and-a-half year high, making commodity imports unattractive for users of other currencies.
December brent crude futures eased 65 cents to $82.15 a barrel by 1130 GMT, having hit $81.63, its lowest since October 2010 earlier in the session. US crude dipped 35 cents to $76.84 a barrel, having hit a three-year low of $75.84 in the last session.
Analysts said apart from other major producers, consistent supplies from Libya and Iraq, which were expected to produce lower volumes due to conflicts, has worsened the pressure on the market already witnessing a drop in demand. Investors are now awaiting weekly inventory data from the US Energy Information Administration (EIA) later in the day for more indications on demand. Crude oil prices have dropped by more than 30% since their June peaks.
Spot gold was down 2% at $1,145.05 by 1122 GMT, having dropped to as low as $1,143.66 an ounce, its meanest since April 2010, as strengthening dollar reduced appeal for haven assets. US gold futures eased $23.20 an ounce to $1,144.40. Silver fell even at a sharper pace and dropped to its lowest since February 2010 at $15.17 an ounce. lack of strong physical demand from China, the top gold consumer, also weighed.
Copper fell to a two-week low on worries over slowing growth in top consumer China, though supply worries in Peru reined in losses.
Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange dropped to $6543 a tonne, the meanest level since October 20, before pulling back to $6,567 a tonne by 1026 GMT, still down 1.21%.
Among other base metals, LME lead fell to its lowest in more than a year-and-a-half at $1,955.50 a tonne.
Among farm commodities, corn dropped 0.89%, wheat 1.04%, cocoa 0.2% and cotton by 0.73% on CBOT as of 8.38 ET.
Gold prices hit 3-year low in India
Gold prices in Delhi dropped R450 to R25,900 per 10 grams, its lowest in three years, responding to the global cues. Deferring purchases by some customers in expectations that prices would fall even further stoked aided the decline as well, jewellers said. Silver followed the suit and plunged by R900 to R35,050 per kg.
TAGS: Brent Crude Oil Gold Silver
More from commodities

Maharashtra sugar mills submit Rs 140-cr subsidy bill toCentreGold futures price falls on global cues
Sugar factories in Maharashtra have put up a bill of R140 crore to the Centre, seeking claims against the export subsidy granted by the government for the 2007-08 period. Mills in the state claim that these bills have been pending with the government for the last three years.
Mills in the state have also been seeking an extension on the subsidy for the current season on the grounds that it will be easier to make cane payments to farmers if this issue is resolved. The Centre is expected to take a decision on extending subsidy on exports of raw sugar after assessing the production estimates for the current 2014-15 marketing year and sugarcane arrears to farmers.
Maharashtra State Cooperative Sugar Factories Federation ( MSCSFF) chairman Vijaysinh Mohite Patil recently met Union food minister Ram Vilas Paswan urging him to look into the long pending issue of claims on subsidy given on raw sugar exports.
According to Sanjiv Babar, MD of the federation, the export subsidy for the period 2007-08 was R1350 per tonne on a total amount of 60 lakh tonne. “Some of the mills find themselves in a difficult financial position since they are yet to receive claims. A decision should be taken by theCentre soon taking the falling sugar prices and rising costs of production into account,” Babar said.
According to information received from the Centre by the federation officials, some 1,235 claims with estimates of around R805.17 crore are pending with the government. The Centre is reported to have processed claims for R60 lakh and is yet to take a decision on the remaining claims, senior officials said. Around 106 factories from Maharashtra have submitted a list of 386 claims and petitions of 9 sugar mills are being heard in various courts.
Babar said that the federation plans to approach the Centre once again on this issue and also is seeking an extension on subsidy for the current season. “Mills have not entered into any contracts with traders since a decision is still awaited. Unless the subsidy is given, mills will not find it viable to produce raw sugar. It will be difficult to survive without incentives,” he said. Mills in Maharashtra had produced around 68 lakh quintals in the last season.
The subsidy scheme, which was announced by the then UPA government in February this year, ended in September. The Centre had in February announced a subsidy for export of raw sugar up to 4 million tonne during 2013-14 and 2014-15 marketing years (October-September) in order to help the cash-starved industry to clear arrears to sugarcane farmers.
It had fixed the subsidy at R3,300 per tonne for February-March and decided to review it every two months. The incentive was reduced to R 2,277 per tonne for April-May and the same was reinstated at R3,300 per tonne by new food minister Ram Vilas Paswan.
For August-September, the subsidy was R3,371 per tonne. Under the export incentive scheme, India had exported 7 lakh tonne of raw sugar in 2013-14 marketing year that ended last month. The country’s sugar production is estimated at 25-25.5 million tonne this marketing year as against the annual domestic demand of 24 million tonne.
TAGS: Export Subsidy Maharashtra Sugar Mills Sugar Factories
More from commodities

Organic farming in India still has a long way togoGold futures price falls on global cues
Despite the Indian government’s National Project on Organic Farming (NPOF) having completed a decade in October, organic farming in India is yet to take off in a meaningful way. Also, data pertaining to the production of organic crops in India remains sketchy and unreliable, and the numbers often don’t add up.
A number of households in India and around the world, especially those who have higher purchasing power, are attracted to organic products as they are produced without the aid of any inorganic compounds — either through pesticides, insecticides or fertilisers. These products are branded and marketed in a manner whereby they command a significant premium to products derived from crops that are grown the traditional way, with the use of insecticides and pesticides.
Even after a decade of NPOF, only 0.3% of India’s 140 million hectares of cropped land  is under organic farming.  This data is according to The World of Organic Agriculture  2014 report by FiBL-IFOAM (International Foundation for Organic Agriculture).
While, technically, the land under organic cultivation in India stands at 5.2 million hectares, 90% of this is forest land where vegetation grows wildly without any external intervention.
Even the actual production of organic products in India has declined significantly over the last three years. It has more than halved to 1.24 million tonne (mt) at the end of fiscal 2014, from 3.88 mt in fiscal 2011.
The Crop Care Federation of India (CCFI), an industry association for pesticides manufacturers, has attacked the government’s flagship scheme on organic farming in the country, pointing out to irregularities in the way data on organic farming in India has been presented under the NPOF.
CCFI’s chairman Rajju Shroff has written a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh and commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman, which states that: “A detailed analysis of data produced by NPOF on progress of organic farming in India brings out deep and widespread data fraud in implementation of organic farming.
Shroff said that one of the Prime Minister’s aides had confirmed receiving the association’s letter and assured that Modi will look into the matter.
One the examples cited in the letter is that of organic farming in Delhi. According to NPOF data, the area under organic farming in Delhi, which is a predominantly urban area, stood at around 1 lakh hectares in 2011-12. This, according to CCFI, is not possible since the entire geographical area of Delhi is only 1.48 lakh hectare.
“From a mere 266 hectares in FY2011, the area under organic farming in Delhi zoomed mysteriously to over 1 lakh hectares in FY2012,” the CCFI letter said. “But surprisingly, the production crashed to a paltry 10kgs from 2,172kgs in the previous year.”
The letter cites examples of other states like Uttar Pradesh and Odisha to argue that there is a disconnect between area under cultivation and production for every financial year, as far as NPOF data was  concerned.
In Odisha, for instance, while the land under organic farming has shrunk around 53% since 2009-10 to stand at 43,868 hectares in 2011-12, production in the same period increased a whopping 465 times to stand at 29.01 million tonnes at the end of fiscal 2012.
Terming this as a case of data fraud and calling for appropriate regulatory action (including a forensic audit of the scheme), CCFI said that it was “extremely rare for data fraud to exist without hidden corruption while managing huge budgeted grants and subsidies.”
In addition to being perceived as a healthier option for consumers, organic products were also touted to become a significant source of export earnings for India, but that doesn’t appear to have happened either.
Around 98% of the organic products produced in India are being consumed domestically. This is despite the fact that organic farming comes under the Agricultural Processed Food Products Export Development Authority, which is an agency under the ministry of agriculture.
Even that portion of India’s organic produce that is exported, comprises mostly of animal feed, which doesn’t command a big premium. In fact, CCFI states in its letter that, as per its estimates, the quantum of soy-based animal feed being exported by India as an organic product, was much more than what was organically produced in the country.
TAGS: National Project On Organic Farming Organic Crops Organic Farming
More from commodities

How Nvestly aims to help investors learn from each other0
StockTwits, which merges social media with investing, dominates the space Nvestly is entering. StockTwits members communicate on its platform and Twitter using a dollar sign prefix (such as $MSFT) instead of hashtags to gather the content.
StockTwits, founded in 2008, claims more than 400,000 registered users, many of whom are wary of sharing brokerage information, said general manager Justin Paterno. He said StockTwits is figuring out how to securely integrate brokerage accounts and hopes to do so in 2015. Nvestly secures its system with bank-level encryption, Dalarossa said.
Nvestly wouldn't pose a threat to StockTwits because it solves a different problem, Paterno said.
"Nvestly’s looking to socialize amongst your friends and … bridge the gap between portfolios and friends,” Paterno said. “We’re mostly focused on bringing like-minded individuals together to talk about stocks all day."
Dalarossa emphasizes that data aggregation direct from brokerages sets Nvestly apart from investment communities that rely on self-reporting. The platform analyzes and ranks investors’ performance independently. It emphasizes transactions over discussion and speculation.
Dalarossa said Nvestly will introduce “follow” suggestions based on investment personalities. For example, the platform will suggest day traders interested in health care to others who fit that profile. Less active traders planning for retirement will meet other like-minded individuals.
He aims for mass-market appeal, which he says other investing communities lack, through a strategy that targets inexperienced investors.
“Words like ‘portfolio’ or ‘asset allocation’ or ‘risk management’ are kind of daunting to people,” Dalarossa said. “We wanted to make it a friendly platform that is geared and focused on investing.”
Access to the platform is free. Dalarossa plans to introduce advanced paid features in early 2015 that include a “trending data room” that will aggregate and analyze data and provide insight into how top investors perform.
The eight-person company is funded by less than $1 million in outside capital from people in Dalarossa’s network, he said.

Dining room chair dilemma: how to choose a cool  functional mix for your home0
Writer Laura Gaskill credits bloggers and homeowners posting their own room solutions online as a source of this undecorated look. Others think it comes from having less space, which means a room can’t be reserved just for dinner. The dining room must work for all meals — and sometimes also be an office for adults and homework center for kids.
Those demands make the case for less traditional seating. Chairs can come from traditional upscale furniture showrooms, flea markets, a family attic or eBay. Whatever the source, try these ideas to concoct a good mix:
Two head chairs upholstered in the same fabric, mixed with different flanking side chairs
Chairs in similar styles, but in different colors — a look that’s easy to achieve using classics that now come in a rainbow of happy hues. Josh Ingrime and Kristina Albaugh, co-owners of Hundred Mile in Rhinebeck, N.Y., like Carl Hansen & Son’s Hans Wegner Wishbone chair for this purpose. “It’s a matter of balancing functionality and creativity,” says Albaugh. “Especially in a smaller space, we try to utilize various types of chairs that are compatible so that they can be used in different areas of the home, say, perhaps, a desk chair that can double as extra seating at the dining table.” Herman Miller’s Eames molded plastic side chairs offer the same flexibility. Lina Nordqvist’s Family Chairs offer a slight twist on this idea with different colors and varied takes on a Swedish stick-back chair, says architect Stephanie Horowitz of ZeroEnergy Design outside Boston.
A complete mix of completely different types of seating. Sara Gilbert of Embrace My Space advises restricting the mix to three styles. “To use more may look like you’ve raided the Mad Hatter’s Tea Party. You can pick up a set of chairs from a flea market that need some love, and paint them in coordinating shades,” she says. Others, like Matthew Lanphier of MJ Lanphier Interior Design in Los Angeles don’t limit the variety but pick chairs that each make an iconic statement. “It has to be strong enough to stand on its own. One could have great arms; one a curved back. When different guests with different personalities approach the table, they’ll go and sit in the chair that speaks to them,” he says.
Whatever your choice, once you’ve picked the seats you’ll offer, you can focus on the fun you’ll have around the table — which is what decorating is really about.
Comfort points
Don't forget to choose chairs that are comfortable:
•Pick seats that are firm enough for sitting yet comfortable, too.
•Look for chairs that are tall enough, so they don't cut into people's backs.
•Keep seat heights between 17 and 19 inches off the floor, so when people sit down they're not at terribly different heights.
•Keep widths relatively similar, though end chairs may be bigger than side chairs.

Former AIG Chief Might Actually Win Lawsuit Against The GovernmentHank Greenberg Sued The Government For Bailing Out AIG, And He Actually Might Win
Posted:
Of all the crazy things people have said about former AIG chief Maurice "Hank" Greenberg's lawsuit against the government, the craziest was that he just might win.
It's sounding less crazy all the time.
The possibility of a Greenberg victory at trial, which began six weeks ago is no longer unthinkable. According to a Bloomberg report, Greenberg has a real shot of winning his argument that the U.S. government bailed out the insurance firm he founded on "unfair" terms. Greenberg and his star lawyer, David Boies, may walk away with a $25 billion judgment in the case.
As Buzzfeed’s Matthew Zeitlin pointed out, $25 billion is twice the value of all housing aid given through TARP, the highly-criticized relief program that was supposed to help out troubled mortgage holders. It’s also equal to the total value of TARP money set aside for housing that remains unspent. The talking points write themselves.
If Greenberg wins, “the howling will start,” says Susan Webber told Bloomberg, who blogs under the pseudonym Yves Smith at Naked Capitalism.
A legal ruling that AIG shareholders were victims of the government bailout that saved those same shareholders' stake in the company from being worth zero would be galling. If Greenberg walks away with billions, the public outrage will hit 11. No one argues that his firm could have survived without government intervention.
Worse still, if Greenberg wins, it seems that he will do so, in part, for a completely pointless reason.
Bloomberg reports that the judge in the case, Thomas Wheeler, “appears intent on writing an opinion that will guide what regulators are permitted to do in the next financial crisis.” Elliott Stein, a legal analyst at Bloomberg, says Wheeler “sees a real absence of established precedent about what the government can do.”
This is a weird thing for a federal judge to think, because the law is now established on this topic. It wasn't at the time of the AIG bailout, which is why Greenberg raises the issue of fairness and Wheeler seems sympathetic to it.
The government's response is, essentially, it was 2008 and we did what we had to.
Whatever you think of these arguments, precedent, in the form of a judicial opinion, is no longer needed.
As The Huffington Post wrote when the trial started, the Dodd-Frank financial reform act is very clear about the structure of future bailouts. It alters the Federal Reserve’s emergency lending powers to prohibit an individual firm from being bailed out. Instead, any extraordinary lending must to made to a broad class of firms. The rate of that lending must be the Fed's discount rate (the rate at which the Fed routinely lends to banks). Under these rules, AIG could not be bailed out in the way it was. Mike Konczal of the Roosevelt Institute wrote in 2012 , “Dodd-Frank goes out of its way to pre-commit against further bailouts” aimed at individual companies. If in the next crisis, Dodd-Frank doesn't provide enough authority, Congress can simply pass a bill that provides it.
If Wheeler sides with Greenberg, he will unnecessarily clarify what Congress has already codified, and could supersede if necessary, while recklessly cause public outrage.
More:

Man Eats 100 Meals at Olive Garden With  Pasta PassMan eats 100 Olive Garden meals in 6 weeks with $100 'pasta pass'
Dana McMahan TODAY contributor
Email
Chris Lambert
Alan Martin prepares to dig into a plate of spaghetti and meatballs at Olive Garden, the first of 100 meals he's eaten there paid for using his $100 "pasta pass."
A North Carolina pastor is taking his Olive Garden's “Never Ending” Pasta Pass literally. Alan Martin has eaten at Olive Garden twice a day, every day, for the past 6 weeks, and has only spent $100 to do it.
The pass, sold in a limited quantity of 1,000 during a recent stunt by the beleaguered casual Italian dining chain , grants its bearers as much pasta, salad, soup, breadsticks and soft drinks as they can consume during the seven-week promotional period.
On November 5, Martin ate his 100th meal at the Olive Garden near his home, gluten-free rigatoni with spicy meat sauce and meatballs. 
"I try something different every time,” said Alan Martin, who has now become something of a celebrity at the restaurant.
“I tried chasing him out the door,” said Burlington Olive Garden manager Jeremy Byrnes. “I just wanted to congratulate him. Mr. Martin's like part of the family now.”
So far Martin has eaten over $1,600 worth of food after paying $100 for the pass. His goal is to hit $1,800. Each meal has a value of about $16.
Getting through the first week was tough, even though Martin and his family love Olive Garden.
But by the second and third week, "I was craving it," said Martin. "I started getting there earlier and earlier."
Now, six weeks in and with days to go before the free pass runs out, "it’s hard eating other food,” he said.
Martin says he currently weighs 212, the same as when he started. To keep the pounds off his 5 foot 11 frame, he's kept up his weightlifting routine and watches the calorie count. The average Olive Garden pasta bowl with toppings is 500-600 calories, of which he usually eats half. Each breadstick is 180 calories. The salads can be another couple hundred depending on which you order.
"I just eat enough to knock out my appetite," said Martin.
His doctor doesn't know about the pasta diet yet, but Martin, who's been taking vitamins since beginning his campaign, isn't worried. 
“I'm going to let him fix me if I'm broken,” he said.
Previously, Martin won free breakfast for a year at Chick-Fil-A.
“That whet my appetite for this kind of contest,” he said.
Martin confesses to feeling some trepidation after the pasta pass promotional period ends on November 9th.
"I have no idea what I'm going to eat for lunch Monday morning."
Tags:

Column: States distorting maizemarketGold futures price falls on global cues
At a time when the food ministry is attempting lesser procurement of grains, liquidating excess stocks of FCI/central pool, and reviewing food policies at macro level to restructure FCI, some state governments—Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh—are doing exactly the opposite. Although FCI has stayed away from MSP-based procurement in maize, these states have undertaken intervention operation at their own initiative. In addition to incurring huge losses by trading in maize, they are destabilising both exports and domestic market.
From October 2013 to September 2014, these states purchased about 1.18 million tonnes of food-grade maize at an MSP of R13,100 pmt to support sagging market values of R10,000-11,000 pmt. The MSP of maize is decided nominally and state governments are under no compulsion to intervene arbitrarily without assessing macroeconomic environment and market trends. Their claim for this discretion is that this benefits farmers. When maize values are plunging to bottom domestically and internationally with little hope of upward trend, socialism of price policies is an anachronism devoid of accountability.
Click here for graph
Over the last four years Indian maize output has moved up from 18-19 million tonnes to about 23 million tonnes. This has enabled India’s export to the Far East and Africa of about 3-4 million tonnes per annum, but in 2014-15, it may drop by 50%. Indian maize, currently quoted at $200 ‘fob’ pmt (R12,200), has no takers, while MSP-based costing (R13,100 pmt) would be $250 fob. Under current scenario, Argentine maize is priced at $210 delivered (cif) in Asia. Indian grain can be traded at $190 cif in Asia ($20 discount to Argentina) or $165 fob or about R10,000 pmt delivered at port. If state governments continue to artificially push prices up, export demand will diminish and this will drag local prices further down. That may affect sowing in rabi crop of maize produced in Bihar.
Farmers are not poor
Let it be understood that Indian farmers are not as poor as deemed in 1966-67 when the MSP policy prescription was initiated. Farmers are growing 2-4 crops in a year including oilseeds, pulses and vegetables. Thus, they are not dependent solely on one season’s earnings. Rice and wheat take about 120 days each for maturity; pulses 60-75 days; sugarcane can grow for three consecutive years without fresh plantings. Latest technologies of seeds, hybrid varieties, Bt cotton, etc, and inputs—water, power, irrigation, fertilisers, pesticides provided at subsidised rates—have enhanced yields per hectare. Higher output at even lower prices is also remunerative.
Since 2002, India has become the world’s largest manufacturer of tractors with 29% of world’s output in 2013. It is also the world’s largest tractor market (goo.gl/c8L7cE). Acquisition/usage of tractors can be exploited by producers with reasonable income. Farmers are also owners of land—an asset class—with tax-free earnings. India has graduated from a poor country to an emerging economy. Poverty-mania for farmers is not valid any more. Disparity in incomes in all sections of society exists anyway.
Visible losses
A back-of-the-envelope calculation reveals that state governments spent about R16 per kg (including taxes, bags, financing) against an MSP of R13.10 per kg, while average price realisation by disposal of part tonnage of 0.5 million tonnes is R10-11 per kg. Almost 0.6 million tonnes remain unsold as of October 1 whose quality may be doubtful and may be sold at lower prices. The total loss may range close to R550-600 crore or 30% of acquisition costs. Unconfirmed reports of Madhya Pradesh having sold the entire 85,000 tonnes at R1 per kg under some subsidy scheme to the poor are also circulating amongst traders.
There is a possibility of round tripping of the maize bought at R10-11 per kg and sold back to these very states at R13.10 per kg in this season (2014-15). These state governments procure food-grade maize but poor handling and storage transforms it to feed-grade where realisation is bound to drop dramatically. It is well acknowledged that 50-60% of Indian maize is used for cattle feed (for livestock) with higher levels of foreign matter and allowance for fungus. All exports are also of feed variety. Buying as food-grade and selling at feed-grade prices is another contradiction in interventionist policy.
The very idea of attaining higher production is to minimise per unit cost of any commodity. Benefits of elevated output are annulled, if blind intervention is applied at MSP. Had the government stayed away, the possibility of export could have improved and the industrial/feed use grain consumption would have been at the market price.
Maize needs no MSP
The very concept of continuation of MSP prescription in preference to the market-based price discovery in current context of rising agri-output and trade getting integrated with world markets is debatable. In any case, maize/coarse grains with predominant feed application should be excluded out of MSP policy because this starchy item, which readily sucks moisture (and rapidly promotes fungus), cannot be handled by FCI/state agencies in appropriate quality format.
The DGFT notification of September 29, 2014, has ‘freely’ allowed import of maize. Landed (cif) import price of non-GMO corn from Russia/Ukraine in India will not exceed $200 pmt or R12,200 pmt against R13,100 pmt ($215). The probability of international values dipping down in the coming months is not ruled out. The pressure to import will escalate. There would be a dilemma to regulate imports by ad hoc customs duty. The best alternative is to shun intervention and let local market discover its own prices on arm’s length basis.
The author is a grains trade expert
TAGS: FCI Food Ministry Food Policies Maize Market
More from commodities

Unitech Corporate Park completes sale of Candors issued sharecapitalFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
The board of Unitech Corporate Park has announced the completion of sale of the entire issued share capital of Candor, its wholly owned subsidiary and holding company for all UCP’s interests, for £205.9 million to Canada’s Brookfield Asset Management. In a release, the company said the consideration from Brookfield was £188.9 million, reflecting the announced price of £205.9 million less an adjustment of £15.8 million for funds placed with two financial institutions, which had not been repaid by completion and £1.2 million for payments by Candor to or on behalf of UCP.

Give Up  Because This 4-Year-Old Takes Better Instagrams Than Youreddit
Every time four-year-old photographer Hawkeye Huey takes a shot on his Fuji Instax 210 camera, he flaps the photo back and forth as if he's developing an old-school polaroid.
His dad, National Geographic photographer Aaron Huey, knows the move is unnecessary, but playfully told his son to do it the very first time he shot. Hawkeye now does it religiously, right before he hands the photo over to his subject to see. Hawkeye, it turns out, isn't just a natural; he's also a good student.
Huey recently turned his son onto photography while on a road trip together as a way to connect as father and son. When Huey posted an image on his Instagram account of Hawkeye wearing goggles in a sandstorm and looking off into the distance for something to shoot, many people wanted to see Hawkeye's work.
“I didn't want to fill my account with those photos," Huey told HuffPost, "so I started a new one to show his.” Hawkeye’s Instagram account now has more than 36,000 followers.
A photo posted by Aaron Huey (@argonautphoto) on
May 5, 2014 at 7:11pm PDT
A photo posted by Hawkeye Huey (@hawkeyehuey) on
Jun 6, 2014 at 9:19am PDT
Huey doesn't take Hawkeye on assignment with him, but he comes up with assignments that are just for Hawkeye. Once, Huey took him to a squatters camp in southern California called Slab City, a rugged place where “circus kids, vagabonds, travelers of all kinds” live off the grid. Some park their RVs for a weekend, others camp in the desert throughout the year.
“It was great for Hawkeye to meet these people and see another way of living,” Huey said.
A photo posted by Hawkeye Huey (@hawkeyehuey) on
May 5, 2014 at 4:25pm PDT
A photo posted by Hawkeye Huey (@hawkeyehuey) on
May 5, 2014 at 11:39am PDT
Hawkeye, a “social little dude,” has taken naturally to his dad’s art medium, but Huey says he doesn’t care if Hawkeye chases a career in photography.
“I just hope he keeps making and evolving," Huey says, "no matter what the medium."
For Huey, spending the money on real film for Hawkeye is important since "it turns each photo into a genuine interaction, into a conversation. Everyone is smiling when Hawkeye walks away.”
A photo posted by Hawkeye Huey (@hawkeyehuey) on
Jun 6, 2014 at 10:05am PDT
Hawkeye's mother is also reportedly happy with the hobby. About his wife, Kristin Moore-Huey, Huey says, "She is happy that we are filling his life with creative experiments and that we are doing it together."
If his parents' sense of adventure is any indication -- the two were married atop a Russian tank in Kabul -- the world can expect great things from Hawkeye.
Keep up with Hawkeye's upcoming road trip across the American west with @ hawkeyehuey . They'll begin posting images on November 19.
A photo posted by Aaron Huey (@argonautphoto) on
Oct 10, 2012 at 3:02pm PDT
Also on HuffPost:

Watch Matt Lauer And Chris Christie s Awkward  Tense Interviewreddit
If you thought presidential aspirations might temper Chris Christie's zeal to be his unapologetic self, think again.
In a tense interview Wednesday morning with the Today Show's Matt Lauer, New Jersey's Republican governor reaffirmed his commitment to be confrontational -- despite charges it might hinder his likability as a presidential candidate.
"[This is] the first time I've had you here since you had another run-in with a heckler at an appearance a couple weeks ago," Lauer said, two minutes into the interview. "It was the second anniversary of Hurricane Sandy, a guy wouldn't sit down, and you said 'Sit down and shut up.'
"That kind of response is something your staunch supporters love; it makes other people queasy," Lauer continued. "Are you going to have to control that side of your personality to be seen as presidential outside ... New Jersey politics?"
"First of all, you're assuming I wasn't controlled," replied Christie, to which Lauer gave a head nod of apparent acknowledgement, eyebrows raised.
"I sat and took it for awhile," Christie answered. "The hundreds of people that were there deserved to hear what we had to say that day. That person had had their say. I sat and listened to it. It was time for them to sit down."
"I'm not going to change, Matt," Christie concluded. "This is who I am."
Lauer then tried another approach, asking if Christie, rather than "controlling" that side of himself, might just "hide" it instead.
"There's no hope in that," Christie deadpanned, shaking his head to laughter off camera.
At the close of the interview, asked if he "feels ready in his heart" to be president, Christie said he'll have to figure that out "in the next number of months ... and make a decision."
Also on HuffPost:

This Is What Our Cash Could Look Like If It Didn t Celebrate Dead White Menreddit
Americans swap photos of dead politicians for goods and services every day. If those same images are starting to bore you, designer Travis Purrington offers an innovative alternative design.
As part of a master's thesis design project at the Basel School of Design in Switzerland, Purrington developed new versions of U.S. currency. He based his designs on his study of other world currencies and America's currency history.
Purrington told The Huffington Post that, in his research, he found that the nation's founders did not intend to be immortalized on bills, as they saw the practice as "monarchical." In fact, most of the figures on our current bills were not added until the early 1900s . Purrington said it only seems right that our currency should focus on modernized American ideals and virtues instead.
"This isn't to dissolve the proud history of the USA," Purrington wrote in an email to HuffPost. "But the original Congress saw a danger in venerating men on money."
The $1 bill is notably absent from Purrington's designs. Some advocacy groups have said that using a dollar coin instead of a bill would save the government lots of money.
Purrington's bills vary slightly in size, much like the Euro system, which makes it easier to see how much money you have in your wallet.
Take a look at his redesigns. Remember, these are just hypothetical, and Purrington is in no way affiliated with the U.S. government. But still, we can always dream.
The $5 Bill

Jon Stewart Apologizes For Saying He Didn t VoteFunnyman Jon Stewart decided that even joking about not voting was no laughing matter . So he apologized.
The stir began Tuesday when "The Daily Show" host was asked by CNN's Christiane Amanpour if he had voted in the midterm election. Stewart replied no. When Amanpour expressed surprise, Stewart elaborated: "No, I just moved. I don't even know where my thing is now."
His comments caught the attention of media outlets . "Jon Stewart Did Not Vote in This Election," read a headline on Jezebel.
But later in the day on his own program, Stewart set the record straight: he did vote, he said, and was being "flip" in the CNN interview.
"I want to apologize," he said. "It sent a message that I didn't think voting was important or that I didn't think it was a big issue. And I do."
Check out the exchange with Amanpour and the big apology above, at about the :45 mark.
More:

Mahatma Gandhi statue gets UK planningclearanceFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Plans to erect a bronze statue of Mahatma Gandhi in Parliament Square here have received an official clearance.
Westminster City Council granted planning permission for the sculpture commemorating the Father of the Nation, which will be placed close to the statue of Nelson Mandela, the anti-apartheid revolutionary.
Britain’s Deputy Prime Minister, Nick Clegg, and UK Cabinet ministers William Hague and George Osborne had announced plans for the memorial during their recent visits to India.
The bronze sculpture, to be created by Philip Jackson, will show Gandhi wearing a shawl and traditional ‘dhoti’, with his hands clasped, the Evening Standard newspaper reported.
Inspired by photographs of Gandhi on the steps of 10 Downing Street during a visit to London in 1931, the statue portrays him as “a thoughtful, determined, compassionate man”, according to the documents submitted to the council.
“There is no doubt that Gandhi is a world-renowned figure who should stand shoulder-to-shoulder with the likes of Nelson Mandela and Abraham Lincoln, who both fought for civil liberties,” said Richard Beddoe, Westminster City Council’s deputy cabinet member for the built environment.
“Parliament Square has a long history of peaceful protest and democracy in action.
“As such, it is a more than suitable location for a statue to Mahatma Gandhi, and we are also pleased to see one of the best international sculptors in Philip Jackson on board to help deliver this project,” he said.

Jugaad  frugal engineering ways need to go global: Smriti IraniSmriti Irani, Union HRD Minister. (file photo)
Kozhikode, Nov 6:  
Indian management practices such as jugaad, langar system and frugal engineering ways need to be documented in a formal way and taken all over the world, said Smriti Irani, Union HRD Minister.
Delivering the inaugural address at the second Pan IIM World Management Conference held at IIM Kozhikode, on the theme ‘globalising Indian thought’, Irani said these practices are helping in unique ways to serve the needs of the society.
“Organisations like Arvind Eye Hospital and the dabbawalas of Mumbai have blended efficiency with value in a way that is unmatched in the world. Such contemporary and grassroot level practices need to be formulated and presented to the large businesses worldwide,” she elaborated.
The Pan IIM conference, held here from Nov 5 to 8, is one of the largest platforms in the country to exchange management research ideas and practices.
This conference is supported by the HRD Ministry and collectively organised by all the 13 IIMs. This annual conference started last year with IIM Calcutta hosting the first Pan IIM Conference in Goa on the theme of 'Emerging issues in management'.
Guillaume Sicard, President, Nissan India, in his keynote address said: “The key word in India is synthesis – synthesis of culture, ideas, generations and knowledge. While synthesis has defined India’s culture, heritage and art for centuries, it is also defining business environment, practices and processes.”
He focussed his address on “give and take” by referring to the exchange of two cultures and processes for the development of both economies - India and Japan.
Elaborating on Indian and Japanese business practices, Sicard said that In India, by nature everyone is emotional and instinctive. Due to this nature, there is a natural tendency to take business decisions that are not so much based on hard facts and data, but on more personal feelings and intuition.
“I would say, this is even more true, when we are working in one of the fastest growing economies and volatile market conditions - where one is conditioned to act and react quickly. Japanese, on the other hand, are very analytical and process oriented. They understand situations based on facts and figures. The Japanese cannot take a decision if there is no data substantiation,” he elaborated.
This process, said Sicard, forces one to take decision based on facts and not feelings. “It is most of the time more effective even though it is slower and might give less room for innovative thinking,” he added.
Referring to what is called the PDCA approach - Plan, Do, Check and Act, he said it is like a never-ending circle that is always climbing up on the curve of performance. “Between us, talking with my Japanese colleagues, I sometimes call it a state of continuous dissatisfaction,” he said.
Sicard concluded saying, “What we have achieved in India in such a short time wouldn’t have been possible without Japanese Kaizen and Indian jugaad!!”
Kaizen has helped Nissan to launch 24 models in four years, 61 per cent of which are being exported to more than 100 countries, he said. “And, it is through Kaizen that we have achieved 90 per cent localisation in our cars and developed over 200 suppliers,” he added.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

BSE Sensex to remain closedtodayFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
India’s stocks, bonds and currency markets will be closed on Thursday for a holiday. Trading will resume on Friday.
The benchmark BSE index closed 0.2 percent higher at 27,915.88 on Wednesday. Earlier, it rose as much as 0.54 percent to break above the 28,000 mark and touch a fresh record high of 28,010.39.
The broader NSE index gained 0.17 percent to 8,338.30. The index gained as much as 0.5 percent to hit a record high of 8,365.55 points.
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.41/42 per dollar, largely unchanged from Monday’s close of 61.40/41.
The benchmark 10-year bond yield closed 7 basis points lower at 8.19 percent on Wednesday, its lowest level since Aug. 12, 2013.

What He can do for She: Can we have a gender-neutral society pleaseStill from a film to be screened at a festival on JNU campus on the theme ‘Men and Boys for Gender Justice’ . (Source: Express Photo)
Written by Dipanita Nath | Posted: November 6, 2014 10:21 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 10:22 am
Almost two years after the December 16 gangrape, a global symposium called MenEngage will be held in the capital to emphasise the role of men in creating a gender-neutral society. MenEngage Global, an alliance whose members includes various United Nations organisations and hundreds of NGOs, activists and scholars from across the world, held its first symposium in Rio de Janeiro in 2009. The MenEngage Global Symposium 2014 will take place at India Habitat Centre from November 10 to 13.
Around 900 delegates from 90 countries will meet to discuss issues such as “Masculinities and the Making of Peace and Violence”, “Masculinities and the Media”, “Men and Masculinities in School Textbooks”, “Globalisation, Gender Justice and Social Movements” and “Fatherhood and Caregiving”.
“As the work with men and boys for gender equality matures, we are realising that many men and boys are themselves victims of violence and risks associated with narrow views of masculinity,” Satish Kumar Singh, deputy director of the Centre for Health and Social Justice (CHSJ), the country host of the event, said. The other organisers are the UNFPA, UN Women, Beijing +20 (a body that is following up on the UN conference on women held in Beijing in 1995) and MenEngage Global.
The symposium’s seven-point themes are violence, health and well-being, poverty and work, caring, relationships and emotions, sexualities and identities, peace building, social justice and inclusion, and “The Making of Men: From Masculinity to Humanity”.
“MenEngage is also an opportunity for the UN to present the vision of its work with men and boys as gender equality advocates and highlight the recently launched HeForShe campaign,” Singh said.
Speakers come from a plethora of disciplines related to gender, sexuality, conflict, violence and health. Among them are Gary Barker, a former consultant with the World Bank, WHO and UNICEF, who has researched on men, violence and conflict in Latin America, sub-Saharan Africa and Asia; Michael Kimmel, a sociology professor at the State University of New York; Srilatha Batliwala, a feminist activist and scholar in India; and Noelene Nabulivou, a feminist activist from Fiji.
Personalities such as Priya Paul of the Apeejay Surrendra Group will present their perspective on the issue of “Masculinity and Gender Justice: Role of Public and Private Sectors”.
The drumbeats have been resounding across Delhi for several months in the countdown to the conference. Students and activists have been raising the tempo with events such as a cultural festival in colleges called “Bystanders No More” drawing huge audiences.
From November 6 till November 9, a film festival on the theme “Men and Boys for Gender Justice” will be held at Jawaharlal Nehru University.
Films such as Rules of Kitchen, in which a young man talks about gender roles and looking beyond stereotypes as he makes tea for his grandmother; Two Friends, about a dystopian world in which women and continued…

Infosys to Hire 2 100 People in USYou are here: Home Corporates
Infosys to Hire 2,100 People in US
Reuters | Updated On: November 06, 2014 10:45 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Infosys said it plans to hire over 2,100 people in the United States as the company works towards scaling up its global presence and boost key work areas like client relationship management and consulting.
Like most rivals, India's second biggest IT services provider gets the major chunk of its business from clients in the United States.
Infosys said on Thursday the hiring will include up to 300 management and technology graduates who will work across multiple technology domains including digital, big data, analytics and cloud.
Up to 180 graduates will be recruited into the Infosys consulting practice in the United States, the company said.
Infosys has been making a big push towards new age technology like cloud computing and digitization. Chief Executive Vishal Sikka, who is based in the United States, has said he wants to revive growth through automation and artificial intelligence as clients modernize their technologies.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Jiro Ono Contemplates The End Of Sushi As We Know ItPrevious Story
Next Story
Jiro Ono, Star Of 'Jiro Dreams Of Sushi,' Contemplates The End Of Sushi As We Know It
Updated:
11/05/2014  5:59 pm EST
Top Japanese sushi chef Jiro Ono (L) listens to his son, Yoshikazu Ono (R), while attending a press conference at the Foreign Correspondents' Club (FCC) in Tokyo on November 4, 2014.  | TOSHIFUMI KITAMURA via Getty Images
reddit
Good luck chowing down on your favorite piece of toro when all the tuna are gone.
Jiro Ono, star of the acclaimed documentary " Jiro Dreams Of Sushi " and owner of what many consider to be the world's best sushi restaurant , has warned that many of the ingredients used in traditional sushi may soon disappear , thanks to rampant overfishing .
"I told my young men three years ago sushi materials will totally change in five years," Ono said Tuesday at an event at the Foreign Correspondents Club of Japan. "And now, such a trend is becoming a reality little by little."
Many of the ocean's fisheries are on the brink of collapse as populations of some of the most well-known fish species plummet. Earlier this year, the body that monitors bluefin tuna in the Pacific Ocean recommended drastic cuts to catch limits as populations plunged to just 8 percent of their original levels . 80 percent of the world's bluefin is consumed by the Japanese and demand elsewhere is only growing.
This infographic, created by OCEAN2012 , shows how catches of Bluefin tuna, Atlantic salmon and cod have been plummeting over the last few decades as fish populations collapse. (To see an enlarged version of this graphic, click here .)
Ono's three Michelin-starred restaurant, Sukiyabashi Jiro, has served the likes of President Obama and Katy Perry . But the traditional spread of fatty tuna, eel and shellfish may soon be forced to give way to the bane of any fishmonger -- farmed seafood.
"I can't imagine at all that sushi in the future will be made of the same materials we use today," Ono said.
Some nations have taken their oceans back from commercial fisheries, including Kiribati and Palau , which have both announced plans to create some of the world's largest marine sanctuaries in an attempt to save beleaguered species and encourage eco-tourism. Obama also announced the world's largest protected reserve , a full 490,000 square miles in the Pacific Ocean, earlier this year.

Minister Sajid Javid tops Malala Yousafzai  1D star in UK Asian power listEditorial: Reliance Industries goes to Mexico
Culture Secretary Sajid Javid has topped a list of the most influential ethnic South Asians in Britain announced on Wednesday, beating Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai and One Direction singer Zayn Malik.
Javid, a former banker who rapidly rose through the ranks in Prime Minister David Cameron’s Conservative Party, was to collect his award at a ceremony in London later in the day.
Judges of the Power List, compiled by the Asian Media and Marketing Group, put Pakistani teenage education activist Yousafzai second. The 17-year-old won the accolade last year.
Opposition Labour lawmaker Keith Vaz, who heads parliament’s influential Home Affairs Committee, came third, while 1D vocalist Malik came 10th.
Judges said Javid earned the title for being the only South Asian voice in the upper ranks of government and for his commitment to “opening the cultural doors for all Britons in the UK”.
Javid said: “Culture is more than a privilege. It’s at the core of who we are and how we define ourselves.
“If you’re not engaged with our cultural life, you’re not engaged with our national life. And in 2014, too many Britons are culturally disenfranchised.”
Javid’s father Abdul arrived in Britain from Pakistan in 1961 with 1 pound in his pocket.
Kalpesh Solanki, managing editor of the Power List said it recognises the achievements of “exceptional individuals who have excelled and broken through barriers”.
Some 3.0 million people, or 4.9 per cent of the British population, identified themselves as being of South Asian origin in the 2011 census.
TAGS: Malala Yousafzai Sajid Javid UK Asian Power List
More from industry

Perception about India has changed: Gita GopinathPerception about India has changed; confidence has gone up: Gita Gopinath, Harvard University
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 03.05AM IST
(Rating agencies’ confidence…)
There is a dramatic change in perception of India among foreign investors, says Gita Gopinath, Professor of Economics at Harvard University. In an exclusive chat with ET the sidelines of the World Economic Forum, she says the Narendra Modi-led NDA government is trying to address the problems that led to economic slowdown, citing diesel deregulation, labour reforms and the call to 'Make in India' as some of the positives. Edited excerpts:
You are in touch with foreign investors. Do you see a change in their perception of India?
There are no ifs and buts. Perception about India has changed dramatically. Confidence in India has gone up. Firstly, it was fairly surprising that there would be a government that has such a strong mandate. That itself changed people's mind. The government is very serious about easing doing business in India.
Do you see concrete signs of revival in India?
At this point we have a great deal of optimism. There is a great deal of confidence. If you look at measure of business confidence, it has gone up. If you look at consumer confidence, it has gone up. Rating agencies' confidence has gone up. What we haven't still seen is any uptick in investment, consumer durables and industrial production. The key signal to watch out for would be a few quarters of investments going up consistently. Then we can be more confident that this is working.
Commodity prices have cooled. Do you see room for RBI to cut interest rates?
There is certainly room for RBI to cut rate. It's not just that commodity prices have come down, which is a recent phenomenon. Inflationary expectations have moderated. Core inflation has come down. Trajectory is good, the rupee is stable and so certainly space that I can see for a rate cut in the next round. RBI gets data on economy a little ahead than I get. They watch numbers more closely, so they will go by numbers.
What is your impression of the new government?
I think the problem why growth slowed down in the past was because bureaucracy was in a chokehold, reforms were not being undertaken, projects were not being cleared. What we are seeing now is that the government is trying to address all these problems. They are very proactive. They are undertaking reforms and clearing projects. All of this is very positive. What they have done in the past one month in terms of reforms - diesel deregulation, labour laws, 'Make in India' are all very positive.
There are many things to be fixed, many subsidies that need to be rationalised. These can't happen overnight. This is relatively a young government and we need to give some time. The most important thing is if they keep the pace of reforms in the next two years, if we see that translating into greater investments.
There's budget in a few months. What is your expectation?
I hope by the time of budget there will be good progress on the Goods and Services Tax. I think that is a very important piece. The government has talked about divestment and it would be good by then to see progress on the ground...there is the issue of fertiliser subsidy that has to be addressed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Finance Minister Arun Jaitley pitches for rate cutArun Jaitley
(Arun Jaitley's view…)
NEW DELHI: Calls for an interest rate cut reverberated through the World Economic Forum's India Economic Summit in Delhi with industry leaders adding their voices to a rising crescendo that RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan will find difficult to ignore against the backdrop of a shaky economic recovery and a benign outlook for inflation with commodity and energy prices plummeting. The next monetary policy review is on December 2.
Industry leaders backed Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's view that a rate cut would benefit the economy, which hasn't yet shown definitive signs of turning around after a prolonged slump.
"This is the time when inflation, led by fuel, is not a problem anymore. I think it might be time for RBI to cut interest rates," said Anand Mahindra, CMD, Mahindra Group, speaking at the summit organised by the World Economic Forum and Confederation of Indian Industry.
Inflation measured in terms of the wholesale price index (WPI) touched a five-year low of 2.38% in September. Retail inflation dropped to 6.46% in September, the lowest since the new series of the consumer price index (CPI) was released in January 2012. Rajan has been relentless in his pursuit of inflation, and has said it would be meaningless to ease up on the battle against prices unless the demon has been slain once and for all. Against that, retail inflation is close to RBI's January 2016 target of 6% while growth signals have remained weak, worrying industry and policymakers.
Industrial output in July and August moved up marginally, posting a growth of 0.4%. Core sector output grew at its slowest in eight months in September and resurgent car sales also took a beating in October.
Rajan has kept the benchmark repo rate at 8% after three increases since taking over in September 2013. Jaitley has pitched for a rate cut on the back of stabilising inflation. Crude oil has dropped to a four-year low and other commodities are declining too, which will further rein in prices. Bond markets are already pricing in a rate cut with the benchmark 10-year yield dropping further to 8.19% on Wednesday from 8.26% on Tuesday. Some banks have already cut deposit rates in view of depressed demand for credit.
Mahindra said Rajan had done an amazing job and no one could take away from the fact that the country needed inflation to come under control.
"It's very admirable and sent out very positive signals to the world about our fiscal discipline. But now the need of the hour is we need to kickstart growth... I see signs that the wheels are beginning to move. If we get more deregulation, a dose of reform every day, with some interest rate (reduction), I think by the first quarter of next year, we should see palpable signs of growth," he said.
Others voiced the same sentiment. "My view is RBI should be considering a cut in the repo rates between December and February," said Uday Kotak , executive vice-chairman and managing director , Kotak Mahindra Bank. Bharti Group Chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal also backed the finance minister on a rate cut. The experts also weighed in on their side.
Gita Gopinath, professor of economics at Harvard, said there was room now for RBI to cut interest rates as core inflation had eased. "It's not just that commodity prices have come down, which is a recent phenomenon. Inflationary expectations have moderated. Core inflation has come down. Trajectory is good, the rupee is stable and so certainly (there's) space that I can see for a rate cut in the next round," she said. Some experts have suggested that the governor may wait for the budget in February for a clearer view of the government's finances before deciding on RBI's monetary stance, thus holding rates where they are in December.
Jim Walker , former chief economist of CLSA and founder of Asianomics, was critical of Rajan in a recent interview.
"I worry about the new governor's fixation with inflation accounting. Like his western counterparts he is mixing up consumer prices with true inflation, which is money and credit in the system," Walker said in an interview. "It is time to start cutting rates aggressively." Still, it's not clear how much Rajan will be swayed by opinion. After all, he did ignore the overwhelming support for a rate cut at the last monetary policy meeting of the Technical Advisory Committee.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jaitley open to idea of privatising loss-making PSUs  liberalise railwaysArun Jaitley
(Expressing satisfaction…)
NEW DELHI: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the government was open to the idea of privatising loss-making stateowned companies and promised reforms, including further opening up of railways, a re-look at the land acquisition law, auction of mineral assets for mining and further liberalisation of insurance sector.
Measures have been taken to end crony capitalism and create a fair, transparent and conducive environment for businesses, Jaitley said at the India Economic Summit of the World Economic Forum in New Delhi on Wednesday. Referring to the decision to auction coal blocks after the SC cancelled earlier allotments, he said the element of discretion in the hands of the state has almost disappeared and promised a similar regime for other minerals.
The government has issued an ordinance to facilitate the sale of coal blocks and enable the entry of private companies in commercial mining. "And hence once you take decisions of these kinds (it will) eliminate the possibility of corruption, collateral consideration or crony capitalism as you call it....Investors could look for a system which is fair-...Not a system on which they have to entirely depend on the largesse of politicians and ministers," he said. Jaitley said, adding that reforms are a long journey and the government has only just begun.
Jaitley, who also handles the defence and corporate affairs portfolios, said reforms were not about one sensational idea, perhaps hitting out at those who criticised the government for the lack of bigbang ideas. "You can damage the economy by one bad idea. Retrospective taxation is one bad idea that damaged the economy," he said, alluding to a decision by the previous government that was seen as a key factor generating negative sentiment about the country. Jaitley said the government is looking at several areas, including labour reforms and the privatisation of some public sector undertakings that were not doing well, but it needed to build support for some measures. "I would be open to look at some set of PSUs which could do much better in private hands.
There are still a large number of them which are almost on the verge of closure, where people are going to lose employment. So, given a choice between their continuing in the present shape or getting privatised, then the second option would be a preferable option," he said. "Currently, they are being sustained merely on governmental support -- now that is not a long-term solution. Taxpayers cannot continue to pay for loss-making businesses," he said. As of March 2013, there were 50 central PSUs that had incurred losses continuously for three years. The minister said it is far more challenging to implement reforms in a developing society, as public opinion cannot be confronted.
While some steps had been taken to reform labour laws, others in the political system still needed to be convinced in order to move further in that direction. He reiterated his view that reforms are the art of the possible. Jaitley said the impact of the measures taken by the Narendra Modi government, which took office in May, will become visible soon. "I am quite certain that it is only a matter of time when the ground results start reflecting on the cumulative effect of these steps," he said. There is a considerable amount of buzz about India and people are becoming convinced that India would once again be a place to invest and those within the country who were looking outside are probably reconsidering their decision, he said. As far as access to foreign investors is concerned, the government will follow a sectoral approach.
He said the government had eased the foreign direct investment limit in defence, real estate and railways. On insurance reforms, he said the government was hopeful of getting the insurance bill passed in the winter session. "When we were in government last time, we had opened up the insurance sector... At that time, the political system had an appetite for a limited opening," he said.
Responding to a query on the land acquisition law, he said the focus would be on easing procedural complications. He said he had no quarrel with the increase in compensation proposed by the law and added that he would need to deal with the provision that disallows private schools, hospitals and hotels on land acquired by the government. The new law has been criticised for stalling land acquisition because of the cumbersome process prescribed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

AAP fighting against BJP  not PM Modi: KejriwalAam Aadmi Party fighting against BJP, not PM Narendra Modi, says Arvind Kejriwal
Ritika Chopra, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 04.36AM IST
Tags:
Aam Aadmi Party
(The first election was very…)
Arvind Kejriwal is back in battle gear with Delhi heading for elections once more. The former Delhi CM says he has decided that the state will be his political platform for the next decade or so, and says AAP's fight is against BJP, and not Narendra Modi . In a free-wheeling conversation with ET's Ritika Chopra, Kejriwal says New Delhi needs a strong PM and Delhi needs a strong CM.
This your second shot at power in Delhi within a year. How are you placed this time?
The first election was very difficult for us as we were struggling to establish ourselves as a political entity. We don't have to prove ourselves anymore. This is a straight contest between AAP and BJP. Last time our biggest challenge was to spread the word about our election symbol without any funds and publicity. Now almost everyone's aware about jhaadu (broom) and Arvind Kejriwal .
There a popular characterization of AAP as a party of the urban poor...
This has been created by the media. It's not wrong for a government to work for the poor. In fact, it should be its first priority. If we can uplift them, they'll have better spending power and business will flourish. When you say pro-poor it creates a perception that we are just giving out dole. We will where it's necessary, but we are not fiscally irresponsible.
What about the alienation of the middle-class supporters?
The middle class in Delhi could be angry with us because we resigned from power. But they feel our 49 days of governance was excellent. They will vote again for AAP, but they don't want us to resign. We should see this anger in a positive way.
Modi will be BJP's face in Delhi poll. How do you plan to counter that?
In Haryana, there was a 10 year antiincumbency. In Maharashtra there was 15 years of anti-incumbency. But in Delhi there's a 49-day pro incumbency. BJP is misleading people during election campaign. Modi is telling people that he'll run Haryana and Maharashtra, but after results they impose a Fadnavis or Khattar on the state. We are telling the truth. Modi cannot run the state. He has to run a country.
In AAP's 49 days in power, your biggest conflict was with the UPA . Can AAP work well with BJP govt?
When PM Modi was the CM of Gujarat, Congress was at the Centre and BJP claims a lot of development happened there. The theory that same party in the state and Centre is good for development is a wrong. Basically you need a strong leader in the Centre and a strong leader in the state.
Do you think you'll be able to push your reforms with Modi's help?
Central government is not Pakistan . We fight elections as political parties but in government we'll have to work together. The Delhi CM will have to work together with the PM.
How do you rate the last five months of Modi government?
I have spoken to a lot of people. They feel he is a good orator but hasn't been able to deliver. However, people are still hopeful and say it's too early to judge.
Does any survey back your claim on winning 45 seats this time?
We got a seat-wise analysis done about 1.5 months ago by a third party agency. AAP will get about 47% voteshare and BJP about 38%.
Will all your 27 MLAs get a party ticket this time?
There's no reason why they shouldn't get a poll ticket. Their performance will be assessed and I think most of them will fare well.
Could any of your Lok Sabha candidates also fight Delhi elections?
They might. Whoever is honest and has the potential to win is eligible to contest.
Are they any new promises apart from anti-corruption, water and power?
We'll convert Delhi into a world-class city and this is not a slogan. When we were in government I cleared the Delhi-Ghaziabad metro line in 24 hours. Delhi can be a model city for the rich and poor.
Is there is a conscious decision to move away from agitation politics?
When I sat on dharna as the CM, I did it for the safety of women. The media labelled it as a constitutional crisis. In 2007, Modi sat on three-day dharna in favour of Narmada Dam. There is a media bias against us. If need be I'll sit on a dharna again when I become CM.
Would you want to collaborate with Anna again?
He has said on many occasions that he'll not let me step on the stage. If he allows me I'll love to join him (laughs).
You've called L-G Najeeb Jung a BJP and Congress agent. What kind of a relation can you have with him?
When you are the CM you have to work with a lot of people who you might not like. He (Jung) has openly supported BJP. The last few months were the darkest perod as far as the office of a Governor goes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Congress cannot be written off  its an old party: Satish UpadhyayYou are here: Home > Collections > Modi
Congress cannot be written off, it’s an old party, says Satish Upadhyay, Delhi BJP Chief
Rakesh Mohan Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 04.46AM IST
Tags:
AAP
(For me every single party…)
Modi is a world leader and Arvind Kejriwal cannot be compared with him, says Delhi BJP chief in an interview with ET's Rakesh Mohan Chaturvedi. Excerpts:
Did BJP ever get the opportunity to form a government in Delhi?
The LG was exploring the possibilities. He is the constitutional head. It is his responsibility. I had said earlier also when you had asked me that if the Election Commission holds elections tomorrow we are ready to face them and if the LG calls us we will do critical analysis and take a decision and inform the LG. We got back to him within an hour.
Was the decision not to form a government taken under the central leadership's pressure?
Across party lines, there was a view among MLAs that polls shouldn't be held so soon. Differences of opinion is natural. But as far as the BJP leadership was concerned, it had said from day one that we will not do any horse trading or engage in wrong practices.
What about your one of your party vice-presidents who was caught on tape trying to secure the support of an AAP MLA?
The vice-president on whom the sting was done wrote to me, after I sent him a show-cause notice, that he was filing a case against those who did the sting. He said there was mischief against him. Neither was he authorised nor did the party ask him. We did not have any intention to form a government from day one.
How serious is the challenge from AAP for BJP?
For me every single party is a serious opponent. Congress is also a serious challenge and cannot be written off. Congress has the potential, it can bounce back. It is an old party of this country. It is as important as AAP, and same goes for BSP. SP, BSP , Janata Dal have their votebank. We cannot write off any party. Which is the most important opponent is not the issue for me; every party is important.
What impact will the Trilokpuri riots have on the Delhi elections?
It was a minor incident which was given political colour by AAP. There should not be politics over every issue. The fire was due to a short circuit and rumours spread. What should be the role of the political parties in this? To incite fires for making political gains? BJP does not do this. In Bawana, we talked to our MLAs and to both sides and the police commissioner before Muharram and there was peace.
Will you declare your CM candidate?
No, we will not. Why should we? We don't need to.
Isn't this like the Congress high command culture?
This is not about party high command. Our senior leaders are very important. Secondly, our party has decided that we will not project a face. And we have a right to do so.
How long will BJP bank on Modi wave to win state elections?
Modi is the Prime Minister and the way the central government is functioning has generated a lot of goodwill for the party. It has reduced the trust deficit among people.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Power Sector Needs Investment of $250 Billion: Piyush GoyalMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: Power Minister Piyush Goyal said on Thursday $250 billion of investment was needed over the next five years if the country was to meet an expected doubling of energy consumption and provide power for all its 1.2 billion people.
The minister said the bulk of the investment would need to come from the private sector but the government would also invest more.
"I visualise an investment of nearly $250 billion in this sector in the next four or five years," he told a World Economic Forum conference in New Delhi.
The government is targeting $100 billion of investment in renewables and $50 billion in transmission and distribution to "create a national grid where power can seamlessly flow", Mr Goyal said, as it seeks to avoid a repeat of 2012 when one of the world's biggest blackouts hit swathes of northern India.
He also said that nuclear power offered the "potential" to help resolve India's energy shortages.
Rapidly growing demand that outstrips supply and an antiquated transmission system mean much of India still suffers regular outages, which hamper investment and force many businesses to rely on costly generators for back up.
As many as 400 million Indians are still not connected to the grid, while the average Indian household uses about a third of the power consumed by a family in China.
Total energy consumed in India will double by 2019, Mr Goyal said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, elected in May, has made a commitment to bring uninterrupted power to all India's people a key plank of his government's programme.
To achieve that, Mr Goyal said India needed to rapidly raise the amount of coal it mined for power generation, cut back on electricity lost on transmission lines and through theft, and promote the use of renewable resources such as solar and wind.
Coal, which generates about three-fifths of the country's energy, would retain an "essential role" in India's energy mix, as in the United States, despite more environmentally friendly alternatives, Mr Goyal said.
Past governments have struggled to attract foreign cash into the power industry, partly because companies remain unconvinced they will be able to earn a return on their investment while tariffs are kept low to please consumers.
"The most important thing for infrastructure related investments (in India) is how to make the project bankable," Masakazu Sakakida, managing director of the Indian arm of Japan's Mitsubishi Corp, said earlier this week.
"In a coal based power plant, the price of electricity is almost fixed, it's not related to the price of the coal."
Dong-Kwan Kim, managing director at Hanwha Group, a Korean conglomerate with interests in solar, said India's high cost of capital was also deterring investors from renewable projects because they could earn far better returns elsewhere.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

These Apps Help You Realize How Much Time You Waste On Your PhoneThese Apps Help You Realize How Much Time You Waste On Your Phone
Posted:
reddit
How many times a day do you check your smartphone? A dozen? Fifty? As several new apps on the market will tell you, the number is probably much higher than what you guessed.
Moment tracks how many minutes you spend on your phone each day, along with how many times you unlock it. You can set your own limit on phone usage, and the $4.99 iPhone app will send you a notification when you've reached the threshold.
Kevin Holesh, a 25-year-old iOS developer, launched the app in June after realizing he was eating up time scrolling through Twitter on his phone.
“Right away, I noticed that I was way off in my own estimation,” Holesh said. He estimated he was spending 45 or 55 minutes a day on his phone, and his fiancee thought her use was around 60 minutes. They both ended up clocking in around double those numbers, he said.
“There’s a perception when you’re using your phone that time goes by fairly quickly,” he said. “You can easily burn 15 minutes on Twitter and have it feel like five.” Using the beta version of Moment, Holesh was able to cut his daily use back to around 60 minutes a day on weekdays and 10 minutes a day on weekends -- a number he said he’s happy with as someone who uses his phone for work.
According to data from Nielsen , adults in the U.S. spent an average of more than 30 hours a month on their phones at the end of 2013. That figure was up from 18 hours a month at the end of 2011. Some people, like Holesh, spend longer stretches of time on their phones, and others unlock their phones hundreds of times a day to quickly check texts, Facebook or email.
If you want to get a one-number read on how many times a day you check your phone, a free, simple app called Checky , for iPhone and Android, can tell you how many times a day you unlock your device.
The app’s creator, Alex Tew, also runs Calm , a free guided-meditation app that is advertised on Checky. Tew, 30, said that when he first launched Checky in mid-September, he unlocked his phone 180 times one day. Now he tries to stay under 100.
Checky allows users to share their scores on social media, and Tew noticed a few scores well over 200.
“That’s pretty insane,” Tew said. “That’s every couple of minutes. People are really addicted.”
Yesterday I checked my phone 99 times. How about you? Find out with Checky http://t.co/0mozPE2OWJ
— Alex Tew (@tewy) September 16, 2014
Checky also tracks the locations where you check your phone -- which can be a wake up call for some people. Dr. Larry Rosen, a psychology professor at California State University, Dominguez Hills, who studies people’s attachment to technology, uses Checky to monitor his own behavior.
“I’m blown away when at noon it tells me I’ve already checked my phone 73 times,” Rosen said. “It shows on a map where you check your phone, and even though I know better than this, I checked multiple times when I was on the freeway.”
Another free app called Menthal shows Android users their “information weight,” a summation of their phone use that is charted against other users’ scores. Methal, which was designed by a team of German researchers at the University of Bonn, will also tell you how often you unlock your phone, open apps like Facebook and receive calls, among other metrics.
It may seem silly to add an app to free up time for interacting with the real world. Do you really need to check your phone to see how often you’re checking your phone? Holesh said friends were skeptical at first.
“Until I explained it a little bit, people were like, ‘Wait, so I install this app and it helps me use my phone less? That sounds really stupid,’” he said. “But I designed Moment to be as invisible as possible.” Once you set your daily limit on Moment, it works in the background so you don’t need to open it -- you’ll just get a notification if you hit your limit.
Becoming aware of just how much your use your smartphone is the first step towards making a change, Tew said.
“I definitely reduced my own usage,” he said. “Just by having a statistic, it allows you to make a change.”
More:

Aishwarya gets back at EmraanAishwarya Rai Bachchan's BOLD answer to Emraan Hashmi! - EXLUSIVE
by ZOOM 1:14 mins
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's BOLD answer to Emraan Hashmi! - EXLUSIVE
Link

Financial Technologies in pact to exit IEX by selling stake for Rs 576.84 crFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Financial Technologies today said it will fully exit IEX by selling its entire stake to a clutch of investors, including TVS Shriram Growth Fund, for Rs 576.84 crore.
“FTIL today, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (SPA) with TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1, S. Gopalkrishnan, Lakshmi Narayanan, Rajeev Gupta, Dalmia Cement Bharat Power Ventures Limited, Kiran Vyapar Limited, TVS Capital Funds Limited, and Agri Power and Engineering Solutions Private Limited for sale of 25.64 per cent equity stake on a fully diluted basis in IEX for an aggregate consideration of Rs. 576.84 crore,” a company statement said.
In the wake of the Rs 5,600-crore NSEL payment scam, Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) had directed Jigesh Shah-led FTIL to completely exit from IEX, country’s leading power exchange with more than 95 per cent market share. NSEL is a group firm of FTIL.
The transaction is subject to fulfillment of certain condition precedents including buyout of the application software and other technology for its own use only by IEX and regulatory approvals, if any, the statement added.
Post completion of the transaction, FTIL would have completely exited IEX, FTIL said.

T-Series  first smartphone SS909 priced at a  competitive  Rs 5 999Editorial: Reliance Industries goes to Mexico
T-Series Mobiles has announced the launch of its first smartphone, the SS909 at a ‘highly competitive’ price of Rs 5,999 – it is available exclusively on an e-commerce portal. The smartphone has been introduced in association with Shachii Gizmo Ltd.
The T-Series SS909 is powered by a 1.3GHz Quad-Core Processor and runs on the Android 4.4 KitKat operating system.
The 3G phone comes with a 512 MB RAM and 4 GB Internal Memory, expandable up to 32 GB. An 8 MP Primary Camera with Flash and a 2 MP Front Camera, a 4.5” QHD Display and IPS Touch truly helps the SS909 set new benchmarks in the Indian smartphone market.
From Bluetooth v3, Wi-Fi, GPRS, EDGE, GPS, Air Gestures, Proximity and Gravity Sensor to Multi Language Support, Play Store and Android-Compatible Apps.
The SS909 also comes equipped with a Special Voice Command, 3.5mm Audio Jack, GPRS/WAP a 1600mAh Battery and extra flip cover .
TAGS: T Series T Series SS909
More from industry

Financial Technologies in pact to exit IEX by selling stake for Rs 576.84crFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Financial Technologies today said it will fully exit IEX by selling its entire stake to a clutch of investors, including TVS Shriram Growth Fund, for Rs 576.84 crore.
“FTIL today, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (SPA) with TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1, S. Gopalkrishnan, Lakshmi Narayanan, Rajeev Gupta, Dalmia Cement Bharat Power Ventures Limited, Kiran Vyapar Limited, TVS Capital Funds Limited, and Agri Power and Engineering Solutions Private Limited for sale of 25.64 per cent equity stake on a fully diluted basis in IEX for an aggregate consideration of Rs. 576.84 crore,” a company statement said.
In the wake of the Rs 5,600-crore NSEL payment scam, Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) had directed Jigesh Shah-led FTIL to completely exit from IEX, country’s leading power exchange with more than 95 per cent market share. NSEL is a group firm of FTIL.
The transaction is subject to fulfillment of certain condition precedents including buyout of the application software and other technology for its own use only by IEX and regulatory approvals, if any, the statement added.
Post completion of the transaction, FTIL would have completely exited IEX, FTIL said.

Zuari group buys 42 424 shares in Vijay Mallyas MangaloreChemicalsFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Zuari group has purchased more than 42,000 shares in the Vijay Mallya led UB group’s MCFL through its recently concluded open offer, raising its stake marginally to 16.47 per cent.
The takeover battle for Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), which is going on for quite sometime had further intensified in September after Deepak Fertilisers raised its open offer price to Rs 93.60 per share.
Soon after, rival Zuari group in association with MCFL’S original promoters UB group, had revised their open offer price to Rs 81.60 per share.
In a filing to the BSE, MCFL on Wednesday informed that Zuari Group has purchased 42,424 shares equivalent to 0.04 per cent stake in the company.
Meanwhile, Deepak Fertilisers also raised its stake by about 6 per cent through its own open offer to about 32 per cent. Both open offers started on October 1 and closed on October 20.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one-go in July 2013.  After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
At present, Deepak Fertiliser holds about 32 per cent stake in Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), whereas consortium of Zuari group companies have 16.47 per cent stake and Vijay Mallaya’s UB group 21.97 per cent stake.
The Zuari group along with Vijay Mallya’s UB group needs about 12 per cent additional stake in MCFL to take control of the company while at the same time Deepak Fertilisers would require another about 25 per cent stake in the MCFL.
Zuari Agro Chemicals had also entered into an agreement this year to use Mangalore Chemicals’s facilities for contract production.

DoT panel rejects TRAI s proposal on spectrum auctionDoT panel rejects TRAI's proposal on spectrum auction
Thomas K Thomas
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
In a blow to telecom operators, an internal committee of the Department of Telecom has rejected the telecom regulator's recommendation to conduct the next round of auction only when there is enough spectrum.
The committee has said that there is no visibility of when additional spectrum will be vacated by the defence and hence there is no point in stalling the sale of what's already available.
The telecom operators, backed by TRAI, had argued that the auction should not be held till the Government is able to find enough spectrum to ensure continuity of service for existing players.
Availability of fresh spectrum
To make fresh spectrum available for mobile services, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India had suggested that the Government should ask defence forces to vacate spectrum in the 2,100 MHz band. In addition, it had proposed that BSNL should be asked to surrender 1.2 MHz spectrum in the 900 MHz band.
However, the DoT panel has rejected these proposals on grounds that while the defence will take time to vacate spectrum, asking BSNL to surrender airwaves may have legal implications.
The committee said that the proposed auction scheduled for early next year should not be linked to the availability of fresh bands. The views of DoT panel along with the recommendations of TRAI will be put before the Telecom Commission for a final decision.
Telecom licence renewal
There are 11 circles in the country where operators, whose licences are due for extension in 2015-16, face the risk of business disruption, including potential closure, unless they win back expensive spectrum in the 900 MHz band.
This is because the amount of spectrum being put up for auction in January is less than the 2G spectrum currently being used by operators whose licences are due for renewal.
For example, in Maharashtra, Vodafone and Idea Cellular together have 14 MHz in the 900 MHz band, which will be put up for auction. If either of these operators is unable to win back the existing holding then there will not be enough spectrum in the 1800 MHz band to fall back on.
The Chief Executive Officers of four telecom companies had recently written to the Government that conducting the auction now could lead to a crisis for the sector and impact subscribers, operators, their employees and other stakeholders such as lenders.
“Inability of such operators to win back 900MHz spectrum in these circles (a distinct possibility in view of the fact that the proposed auctions are likely to be open to all bidders), will either lead to the market leaders in these circles shutting down operations or being forced to curtail operations due to inadequate spectrum,” the joint letter written by the CEOs to the Communications Minister and the Prime Minister stated.
Supply side issues
TRAI had also highlighted that supply side issues will affect not only the proposed auction of spectrum arising from expiry of licences in 2015-16, but will also continue to have a negative impact on all subsequent auctions of spectrum becoming available from future expiry of licences.
It had warned against the dangers of going ahead with the forthcoming auction without resolving the spectrum constraints.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Zuari group buys 42 424 shares in Vijay Mallya s Mangalore ChemicalsFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Zuari group has purchased more than 42,000 shares in the Vijay Mallya led UB group’s MCFL through its recently concluded open offer, raising its stake marginally to 16.47 per cent.
The takeover battle for Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), which is going on for quite sometime had further intensified in September after Deepak Fertilisers raised its open offer price to Rs 93.60 per share.
Soon after, rival Zuari group in association with MCFL’S original promoters UB group, had revised their open offer price to Rs 81.60 per share.
In a filing to the BSE, MCFL on Wednesday informed that Zuari Group has purchased 42,424 shares equivalent to 0.04 per cent stake in the company.
Meanwhile, Deepak Fertilisers also raised its stake by about 6 per cent through its own open offer to about 32 per cent. Both open offers started on October 1 and closed on October 20.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one-go in July 2013.  After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
At present, Deepak Fertiliser holds about 32 per cent stake in Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), whereas consortium of Zuari group companies have 16.47 per cent stake and Vijay Mallaya’s UB group 21.97 per cent stake.
The Zuari group along with Vijay Mallya’s UB group needs about 12 per cent additional stake in MCFL to take control of the company while at the same time Deepak Fertilisers would require another about 25 per cent stake in the MCFL.
Zuari Agro Chemicals had also entered into an agreement this year to use Mangalore Chemicals’s facilities for contract production.

Mutual Funds lap up shares worth Rs 6 000 cr inOctFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Continuing their buying spree for the sixth straight month, mutual funds pumped in close to Rs 6,000 crore (about USD 1 billion) in the equity market during October amid a market rally.
As per the latest data compiled by market regulator Sebi, Mutual Funds purchased shares worth Rs 17,483 crore last month, while they sold stocks worth Rs 11,543 crore – a net inflow of Rs 5,940 crore.
This is the sixth consecutive month when mutual funds have been net purchasers in equity market.
Industry experts attributed the inflows in equities to improvement in market sentiments, primarily due to the new government’s reforms agenda.
Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly in the last few months.
“The money in equities started coming in from the second half of May, after the announcement of General Election’s verdict, and the momentum has continued till date,” said a market expert.
A mutual fund is an investment vehicle made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors. The funds are invested in stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
MFs invested a net of over Rs 4,100 crore in September, close to Rs 6,000 crore in August, Rs 5,000 crore in July, Rs 3,340 crore in June and Rs 105 crore in May.
Prior to that, they had been net sellers in the equity market since September last year. They were net buyers of shares worth Rs 1,607 crore in August 2013.
The latest net inflow in the equity market is in line with the BSE index, Sensex, gaining 4.6 per cent last month.
In the first 10 months of 2014, MFs have purchased net shares worth over Rs 14,000 crore.
MFs offloaded shares worth Rs 14,208 crore last fiscal, lower than Rs 22,749 crore offloaded in 2012-13.
The financial year ended March 31, 2014 also marked the fifth consecutive year of net outflows by mutual funds in the equities after they had pumped in a net amount of Rs 6,985 crore in the share market in 2008-09.

Anjali was there when Greg Chappell offered captaincy: SachinTendulkarFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar has stuck to his guns on his criticism of Greg Chappell, claiming that his wife Anjali was present when the former India coach sought to topple Rahul Dravid by offering him the team’s captaincy before the 2007 World Cup.
“Anjali was with me then, so need I say more?” said Tendulkar ahead of the launch of his much-awaited autobiography ‘Playing It My Way’ in which he has made this claim about Chappell.
Chappell, described by Tendulkar as a “ringmaster” who imposed ideas on players, has denied ever making such an offer to the now-retired batsman. But Tendulkar’s teammates like VVS Laxman, Zaheer Khan and Harbhajan Singh have backed his claims.
Asked why he did not reveal this to Dravid, who has refused to comment on the matter, Tendulkar said for him, the issue had ended after refusing the offer.
“I didn’t want to do all that (tell Dravid about it). As far as I was concerned, the matter was over right there because I didn’t accept it, so I felt the battle was over. And I didn’t want to create that atmosphere in the team because it was just the beginning of my stint with Greg,” he said.
“I hadn’t played a single game with Greg till then, I had undergone surgery and it was a few months before the World Cup and that is when he came to talk to me,” he added.
The former batsman said he has no idea why Chappell chose to behave the way he did after taking charge as coach.
“I don’t know. I wish I could understand what he was trying to do,” he said.
He also said that initially he had told some of his teammates to give Greg some time to settle down in his job when they complained against him but later found out that things were only getting worse.
“I remember precisely the first two tours I missed and there was controversy in Sri Lanka and in Zimbabwe and I wasn’t there on both those tours. We played the Challenger Trophy and while driving back from Mohali, Zaheer Khan, Ajit Agarkar, possibly Harbhajan Singh and a couple of guys were there,” he recalled.
“We were all travelling together and that is when the players said that ‘we don’t feel comfortable under Greg’. I clearly told them he has joined us and we should accommodate him and give him a chance. I said we should let him settle down (because) for any coach to settle down it does take time, so allow him that.
“I said ‘I feel you guys are rushing in and it is unfair’ and I had sided with him. But along the period I experienced with him, I think, in retrospect, the players were right,” he added.
Reminded that he had spoken out against Chappell soon after the latter quit as coach following India’s disastrous World Cup campaign in 2007 in the West Indies, Tendulkar said he had not spoken much at that stage as he wanted to focus on the game.
“I didn’t speak much, to be honest. During my career, I don’t think I made such statements because it was a sort of unwritten rule in the family that you just focus on the game and don’t think about all these things, you just put all your energy into thinking how to score runs.”
Asked about Chappell’s insistence on making him bat at number four in the 2007 World Cup, Tendulkar said he never found out the logic behind that controversial move.
“I don’t know the logic behind it because before that I was opening. Just before the World Cup, we came back from South Africa. It was less than two months before the World Cup, when we played three ODIs against the West Indies in India, I was told that I would bat at No. 4.
“…my logic was that I have been able to contribute as an opener and that is where I have played the maximum number of matches in my career so I should continue doing that,” he added.

Fed has built a thorny central bank divideLast updated: November 6, 2014 8:41 am
Fed has built a thorny central bank divide
Ousmène Mandeng
Lack of access to Fed’s dollar liquidity will result in further volatility
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b46b9ac8-5ea6-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Finally  a  Happy Ending  for Ileana DCruz  Kalki Koechlin  Govindaentertainment
Finally, a ‘Happy Ending’ for Ileana DCruz, Kalki Koechlin, Govinda
The team of the upcoming movie 'Happy Ending' - Ileana DCruz, Kalki Koechlin and Govinda - was seen having some fun during their promotional duties for the movie, though Saif Ali Khan who plays the lead in the movie was a conspicuous absence. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Ileana DCruz was pretty in a peach coloured Zara dress. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Kalki Koechlin looked trendy in her geeky avatar in a black cropped top and black separates. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Seasoned actor Govinda was stylish in grey and black. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Some sisterhood: Ileana and Kalki pose for the photogs. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
While Govinda plays a pivotal role in the movie, Kalki is said to be playing a cameo in the movie. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The trio seem to have had a lot of fun as they pose for the shutterbugs. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

How love makes us meanTwo neuro-hormones appear to be among the mechanisms contributing to the counter-intuitive response.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: November 6, 2014 3:44 pm
A study conducted by the University of Buffalo researchers says that our feelings of love can compel us to do harmful and sometimes violent things to other people, even when they have not afflicted us personally.
“Under certain circumstances, feelings of warmth, tenderness and sympathy can, in fact, predict aggressive behaviours,” said the researchers.
Two neuro-hormones appear to be among the mechanisms contributing to the counter-intuitive response.
“Both oxytocin and vasopressin seem to serve a function leading to increased approach behaviours. People are motivated by social approach or getting closer to others,” said Michael J. Poulin, associate professor of psychology.
The researchers conducted a two-part study consisting of a survey and an experiment.
The survey asked people to report on someone close to them and explain how that person was threatened by a third-party.
Then participants described their emotions and reaction to the situation.
“The results of both the survey and the experiment indicate that the feelings we have when other people are in need, what we broadly call empathic concern or compassion, can predict aggression on behalf of those in need,” Poulin said.
The findings add that our response is because of love or compassion for those we care about, researchers added.
The study was published in the journal Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin.

Festivities  prayers mark Gurpurab in Punjabpicture  others
Festivities, prayers mark Gurpurab in Punjab
A Sikh priest sits behind the Guru Granth Sahib (the Sikh holy book) as a 'jalao', a show of Sikhism's symbolic items, is displayed inside their holiest shrine inside the Golden Temple in Amritsar, today, on the occasion of Gurpurab. (Source: Express Photo by Rana Simranjit Singh)
This day marks the significance of the birth of the first Sikh Guru – Guru Nanak. (Source: Express Photo by Rana Simranjit Singh)
The Sikh priests stand and pay respect to the holy book of the Sikhs. (Source: Express Photo by Rana Simranjit Singh)
Seen here, Golden Temple as illuminated on the eve of Gurpurab. (Source: PTI)
A view of the Golden Temple as devotees gather to offer prayers on the occasion Guru Nanak Dev Jayanti in Amritsar. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Narendra Modi during Gurbani Recital on the occasion of his 46th Birth Anniversary of Guru Nanak Devji at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee during Gurbani Recital at Rashtrapati Bhavan. (Source: PTI)
Devotees wait in queue to offer prayers at the Golden Temple on the occasion of Guru Nanak Dev Jayanti in Amritsar. (Source: PTI)
Sikh devotees offer special prayers during the Guru Nanak Dev Jayanti celebrations at Chatipadshahi Gurduwara in Srinagar. (Source: PTI)
A Sikh devotee takes holy dip in the sarover on the occasion of Guru Nanak Dev Jayanti at Golden temple. (Source: PTI)
Devotees having 'Langar' on the occassion of Guru Nanak Dev Jayanti in Lucknow. (Source: PTI)
Visitors taking selfie at Gurudwara Bangla Sahib on the occassion of Guru Nanak's birth anniversary, in New Delhi on Nov 6th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Thousands of Sikh devotees living in Delhi thronged at Gurudwara Bangla Sahib to remember and pay homage to their gurus. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Guru Nanak Jayanti is being celebrated all over the world on 6th November to mark the 546th birth anniversary of the first Sikh Guru. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
At the Gurudwara, Akhand Path was performed on the occasion. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Guru Nanak Jayanti, also known as Guru Nanak's Prakash Utsav and Guru Nanak Gurpurab, is celebrated in the month of Kartikh (November) as per the Hindu calendar. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Related

REPORT: A-Rod Revealed His Urine Test Trickreddit
It doesn't seem that Alex Rodriguez was afraid to get his hands dirty when it came to evading detection from Major League Baseball's drug testing policy. The New York Yankees' PED pariah told Drug Enforcement Administration agents and federal prosecutors that he was instructed in how to pass a urine test by providing a sample from a specific part of his urine stream, according to a report by the Miami Herald .
“Bosch advised him to only use mid-stream urine for MLB drug testing. Bosch told Rodriguez not to use the beginning or the end urine stream,” Rodriguez told the DEA, according to Miami Herald report.
Citing a 15-page written report on a meeting between Rodriguez and DEA agents and federal prosecutors in January 2014, the Herald reported that Rodriguez confessed to receiving and using performance-enhancing drugs from Tony Bosch, founder of the disreputable anti-aging clinic Biogenesis. Rodriguez reportedly also told the DEA that Bosch provided advice on how to beat a urine test. The advice Rodriguez reportedly described to the DEA and prosecutors sounded very similar to comments Bosch made during an interview with CBS's "60 Minutes" in January 2014.
“You want to start the test, and then introduce the urine cup into the stream. What you want to capture is the middle of the stream. Not the beginning or not the end of the stream," Bosch said when asked by Scott Pelley of CBS about A-Rod passing drug tests. "That was extremely important, because most of the metabolites are either in the beginning of the stream or are at the end of the stream. It’s that precise.”
About a week before the Miami Herald report, Rodriguez finished serving a 162-game suspension during the 2014 season, reduced from 211 games by an arbitrator, for violations of Major League Baseball's drug agreement and labor contract. From the outset of the Biogenesis scandal, in January 2013, the three-time American League MVP had vehemently denied taking performance-enhancing drugs and referred to MLB's treatment of him as a " witch hunt ."
Read the full report from the Miami Herald .
More:

Toy makers new darlings: tiny critics on YouTubeEditorial: Reliance Industries goes to Mexico
A snaggletooth eight-year-old. A middle schooler with a punk rocker bob cut and big earrings. Tween siblings with a penchant for playing.
These are among the young power brokers who will determine the toys that will be under Christmas trees this year.
At a time when toy sales have stagnated for years at $22 billion, children who review toys on YouTube are wielding increasing influence. Toy makers are courting them for their ability to connect with a generation that views the online video sharing service like baby boomers do HBO.
”Kids trust other kids more so than they would an adult,” says Marc Rosenberg, a Chicago-based toy consultant.
Leading the pack of pint-sized YouTube personalities is Evan, 8, who has dimples and a few missing teeth. With over 1 billion views between his three channels, he’s YouTube’s most popular kid. He gets over 800 million views from EvanTubeHD, where he reviews the toys.
EvanTubeHD, which features special effects thanks to his dad, Jared, who runs a video production company full-time, is known for telling kids how to play with toys. Evan speaks directly to them, with occasional cameos from his little sister and mom.
In a review of Angry Birds Space Softee Dough playset, Evan apologizes for a noticeable lisp: ”Sorry if I’m talking a little funny today because I just lost my tooth.” Later, after trying to bite an apple he attached toy ”face pieces” to and called ”Angry Bird Fruit,” he quips: ”It’s too hard to bite without a tooth.”
Behind Evan are a few other young YouTube phenoms. Most of the children are identified by first name because their parents don’t want to risk their safety:
– Siblings Noah, 14, Jonah, 12, and Emma, 11, star in KittiesMama, which has nearly 400 million views. KittiesMama is a reality show that chronicles the kids’ daily lives, including birthday parties. They also review toys and Emma shows kids how to look like characters from toy lines like My Little Pony.
– Gracie Hunter, 11, pairs up with her mother, Melissa, in ”Mommy and Gracie,” which has close to 90 million views. Gracie, a redhead who sometimes sports black glasses with rhinestones, searches for hard-to-find dolls with her mom. They’ve even traveled to Canada from their New Jersey home to find a Monster High doll.
– RadioJH Audrey has over 60 million views. Audrey, 11, speaks to tweens, frequently saying ”cool” and ”awesome.” She also streaks her bobbed hair in a rainbow of colors and wears big jewelry and studded tees. Audrey’s trademark: reviewing mystery toy bags that are sold at places like Toys R Us.
Julie Krueger, industry director of retail at Google, which owns YouTube, says the channels have ”huge followings of fans.”
Toy makers – from Mattel to smaller ones – have noticed. In fact, Spin Master says Evan’s reviews helped boost sales of its Spy Gear toys 65 percent this year. The private company declined to disclose sales numbers.
”It gives the item more widespread exposure,” says Jim Silver, editor-in-chief and CEO of TTPM.com, a toy review website.
Toy makers regularly send the young reviewers products. And some ink paid marketing deals with them and their parents.
Spin Master hired Evan to appear in a TV ad for its latest Spy Gear toys. Anki, which makes robotic toy cars, teamed up with Evan and KittiesMama for reviews on a race car. WowWee is working with ”Mommy and Gracie” on promotional videos for Elektrokidz collectible dolls.
The parents and companies declined to disclose financial terms. Most of the parents, who also declined to say how much ad revenue the channels make, have quit their jobs to focus on the businesses.
Rosenberg says kids ”risk crossing the line of trust” with their audience when deals are made with toy makers.
For their part, toy makers say they’re careful to preserve the kids’ voices. Spin Master’s chief marketing officer, Krista DiBeradino, says it tries to maintain ”the authenticity intended with each relationship.”
Parents also say they try to maintain authenticity. Jason, the father behind RadioJH, says the channel is doing so well with ad revenue that he doesn’t focus on partnerships. Jennifer, the mother behind KittiesMamma, says she’d only partner with brands that her kids enjoy. And Melissa Hunter of ”Mommy and Gracie” says her family will only accept deals to benefit children’s charities.
More from industry

ONGC Videsh Eyes Oil Assets in GhanaBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: ONGC Videsh, the overseas investment arm of Oil and Natural Gas Corp, is looking to buy a stake in the assets of Africa-focused exploration company Tullow Oil Plc, a source with direct knowledge of matter said.
India, the world's fourth biggest oil consumer, has charged state oil firms with acquiring assets overseas to improve the security of its energy supplies. The country imports about 80 per cent of its crude needs.
ONGC Videsh aims to get 400,000 barrels per day (bpd) of crude from its overseas assets by 2018, compared with about 167,000 bpd produced from overseas holdings in the fiscal year to March 2014, ONGC's chairman said in October.
To meet its objective the company is looking at acquisitions, preferably of producing assets, in politically less risky countries.
"ONGC is keen to buy a stake in the African properties of Tullow that includes assets in Ghana and Kenya," said the source, who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue.
Tullow Oil declined to comment to Reuters when asked if it was in talks with ONGC or others on a stake sale.
ONGC Videsh wants to acquire assets in stable geographies like North America, Canada and Mexico, and expand its presence in Africa, managing director N K Verma said in an interview earlier this week.
London-listed Tullow has a number of oil assets in Africa, including its flagship Jubilee oil field offshore Ghana.
ONGC in 2009 made an attempt to buy the Jubilee stake of private equity-backed company Kosmos Energy. Kosmos later shelved plans to sell its stake.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

1 200 Pre-Orders For Burger King IndiaBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Burger King has received pre-orders for 1,200 'Whopper' burgers, even before the launch of its first store in India. The American burger giant opens its doors in the country at noon, this Sunday, November 9 at New Delhi's Select City Walk mall.
Burger King India in a tie-up with e-commerce major eBay  was offering customers a chance to pre-order their chicken, mutton or vegetarian 'Whopper' burgers at a special promotional flat price of Rs 128 (inclusive of taxes) between November 3-5.
According to eBay, 540 chicken, 380 mutton and 240 vegetarian 'Whoppers' have been sold.
Burger King India on Thursday said that there will be a separate queue for customers who ordered their burgers online through eBay.
"Good news for all the WhopperShoppers- we will have a separate queue for everyone who booked the Whopper on eBay India! See you all there on the 9th!" it said on its official Facebook page.
However customers, suggested on its Facebook page, that with over a thousand orders, one queue may not be enough and the store should have multiple queues for those who ordered online.
Customers who ordered their burgers on eBay would receive a coupon via courier, which they have to present at the store to get their burgers. As part of the promotional offer they will also get a free 'Whopper' t-shirt along with their burger.
However, Burger King India's menu will not have any beef options, it had earlier clarified.
 
"We have a wide range of options you'll love. We do not have beef on our menu but our options will certainly delight you," it said in an earlier thread on its official Facebook page.
Founded in 1954, Burger King is the world's second largest burger chain after McDonald's and has 13,000 stores across 98 countries.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 14:33 (IST)

Government Should Make Available More Spectrum: Sunil MittalBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Bharti group chairman Sunil Mittal on Thursday said the telecom industry wants more spectrum and the government should make it available.
"We want from the government more spectrum. Every country has the same amount of spectrum and it is not that India has less... It needs to be vacated from other places, that is what other countries have also done," Mr Mittal said on the sidelines of the India Economic Summit here.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India, on October 15 gave its recommendation on spectrum auction for premium 900 Mhz band and 1800 Mhz band that are currently being used for 2G GSM mobile services by Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications.
Government has proposed to put for auction about 184 Mhz of spectrum in 900 Mhz band which is held by these companies through their various licences expiring in 2015-16. The four telecom operators will have to buy spectrum afresh to continue their services.
"I would say government should make available enough spectrum so that there is a balance between spectrum pricing," he added.
On being asked whether the spectrum auction - scheduled for February 3 - should be deferred, Mr Mittal said, "Why should this be deferred? Industry wants more spectrum and the government should make it available to them."
On Bharti Airtel calling off the Rs 700-crore deal to acquire business and assets of Mumbai-based Loop Mobile, he said much is being read into this.
"Loop mobile is a small issue and I don't know why this is being made into such a big issue. Most of the Loop subscribers have ported to us. It was a small deal, which was basically an experiment for the first time to acquire customers."
"It's not about the merger but about the renewal of the agreement," he said.
Airtel, in a filing to BSE, had said its proposed transaction related to Loop was conditional upon approvals from the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) approvals which had not been received till date.
DoT is yet to give clearance to the proposed deal as it estimates that Loop Mobile and its sister concern Loop Telecom owe about Rs 808 crore in spectrum and other charges to the government.
Private sector lender Axis Bank has also told the telecom department that Rs 215-crore loan to Loop Mobile will be at risk if the deal of the Mumbai-based operator to sell its assets to Bharti Airtel is not approved.
Airtel had signed the deal with Loop in February this year to buy business and assets of Loop Mobile in Mumbai under a strategic agreement for about Rs 700 crore.
Under the agreement, Loop Mobile's 3 million subscribers (at that time) in Mumbai were supposed to join Airtel's over 4 million subscribers, which would have made it the largest network in the metropolitan city.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 14:52 (IST)

Firms  Weak Finances Affecting Bank Asset Quality: Moody sGovernment May Make PAN Must for Registering Charitable Trusts
New Delhi: The asset quality of state-owned banks will continue to be burdened by weak financial health of Indian corporates, credit rating agency Moody's said on Thursday.
It said that although the asset quality of public sector banks may have hit a bottom, the recovery in corporate credit quality will take some time.
Non-performing assets (NPAs) of banks will continue to act as a drag on the bank's credit quality, Moody's said.
"We expect net new non-performing loan (NPL) formation rates for public-sector banks to be lower than those observed over the last three years, while the impaired loan ratio may stabilise at current levels," Moody's vice president and senior analyst Srikanth Vadlamani said.
The agency said that over the next two years new NPL formation rates would witness a gradual decline
It said the health of corporates in India, while having stabilised, continues to be fragile on an absolute basis with high debt levels and weak debt-servicing metrics.
"This is particularly relevant for public sector banks, which have a higher share of corporate loans in their loan books than private sector banks," it added.
Moody's expects that Indian corporates will increase their deleveraging efforts as conducive market conditions make it easier to raise equity and sell assets.
However, despite the favourable market conditions, it will take at least 2-3 years for a meaningful reduction in leverage owing to the high debt levels, it said, adding that the PSU banks will continue to have a high level of credit.
"This will constrain their internal capital generation and make them dependent on external capital infusion to increase their low capital levels," the agency noted.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 16:32 (IST)

Cadila Healthcare Q2 Net Rises 52%You are here: Home Corporates
Cadila Healthcare Q2 Net Rises 52 Per Cent to Rs 278 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 16:09 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Cadila Healthcare on Thursday reported a 51.65 per cent rise in its consolidated net profit at Rs 278.09 crore for the quarter ended September 30 on the back of robust sales.
The company had posted a net profit after taxes, minority interest and share in profit(/loss) of associates at Rs 183.37 crore for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal year, it said in a filing to the BSE.
Consolidated total income of the company also rose to Rs 2,108 crore for the quarter under consideration as against Rs 1,746.79 crore for the same period a year-ago, it added.
Cadila Healthcare, part of the Zydus group, provides healthcare solutions ranging from formulations, active pharmaceutical ingredients and animal healthcare products to wellness products.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 14:35 (IST)

NASCAR Driver Drops Price of Colorado Ranch
Behind the idea of an app that lets you virtually see art on your wall0
A. I needed help figuring out how to hang certain pieces of art. My sister, Patti Bartelstein, who is my co-founder and chief operating officer, is a photographer. I would have her come to my house and take photos of my walls and Photoshop art onto my walls that I might want to hang. After two or three times of asking her to do it, I said, “There should be an app for this.” I wanted it to be able to virtually hang any piece scaled to the exact dimensions on a wall.
Q. How did you build it since you don’t code?
A. I’m very good friends with Eric Lefkofsky, who runs Groupon (as CEO). He said there are great studios in town that can build apps. I picked Eight Bit Studios because they’d done things in the art world. I hired Ariana Price (in May) as chief technology officer.
Q. Is it an app or a business?
A. When we first built it, it was going to be 99 cents on the App Store to help anybody hang anything. As we were beta testing it, it became apparent that this was a fantastic marketing tool for galleries. As long as people have uploaded their walls (images and measurements) into the app, they know it fits. We changed the app to be a free download, and the galleries would become members and pay a monthly fee to have a folder on the app with their inventory. I’m taking the advice of the people in the art business to keep it free (to galleries) until Jan. 1, because I want everybody to try it.
Q. What would you do differently knowing what you know now?
A. A lot of amazing galleries are my clients right now. But the fact is that apps are used by 20-, 30- and 40-somethings. Fifty- to 70-year-olds who are buying blue-chip art aren't big app users, and they are never going to be. I think the 30-somethings who are buying their first piece of art from emerging artists and emerging galleries are really the right demographics for this app. When I think about it now, I can’t believe I missed that. I should have been aiming at that all along.
Q. How much have you invested?
A. I’ve spent close to $200,000 so far, and I didn't want to get too much past that before we started charging galleries.
Q. How will you avoid burning through too much cash?
A. I’m hoping the galleries are all going to want to be members. If not, I’ll know right away, and I won’t keep pouring money into it. You don’t know until you really know.
Q. How would have done this if you had $5,000 instead of $200,000?
A. I would have raised money because you can’t do it for $5,000 unless you can write code. The other thing I would have done is gotten involved in one of those incubators.
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Procter & Gamble  GE world s best firms in terms of leadership: HaygroupMore records as Cristiano Ronaldo's 23rd treble cheers Real Madrid
Multinational consumer goods company Procter & Gamble has been named world’s best company in terms of leadership followed by General Electric and Coca-Cola in the second and third place respectively, as per a Hay Group study.
The global management consulting firm today released its ninth annual Best Companies for Leadership Study and the Top 20 list on the basis of how these companies build and promote the development of great leaders.
Others in the top 10 list include IBM at the fourth place, followed by Unilever (5th), Intel (6th), McDonald’s (7th), Samsung (8th), 3M (9th) and Hewlett-Packard (10th).
No Indian company feature in the list though almost all of them which find mention have significant presence in India.
The top 20 best companies for leadership also include PepsiCo (11th), Toyota (12th), Accenture (13th), Siemens (14th), Telefonica (15th), BASF (16th), Johnson & Johnson (17th), Citigroup (18th), IKEA (19th) and Pfzer (20th).
“This year’s research shows that the world’s leading organisations are purposefully developing leaders who will be able to drive innovation and transform their organisations,” Hay Group’s global managing director of Leadership and Talent practice Ruth Malloy said.
The report said around 80 per cent of the top 20 firms had established clear career paths for their employees, compared to only 48 per cent of all other companies.
“These best-in-class organisations are providing non -traditional, more diverse, career paths and training high -potential employees to meet specific business challenges and develop the skills required to help their organisations succeed in today’s increasingly volatile, global environment,” Malloy added.
At the top 20 companies, flexibility to respond to economic changes was identified as a top challenge for leaders over the next 12 months, along with the ability to capitalise on opportunities within emerging markets, the report said.
“Today, the capacity to meet challenges requires an unusual set of leadership skills and it is these traits that set the Best Companies for Leadership apart from the rest,” Hay Group India Country Head Sridhar Ganesan said.
TAGS: Coca-cola At Third Place General Electric At Second Place Haygroup Study Protector & Gamble 1st At Place
More from sports
Roger Federer shows his magic on India debut Thousands of lucky tennis fans experienced a lifetime moment today when they watched global icon Roger Federer...

High-fat diet postpones brain ageingCircumcision advised for teenage boys
A high-fat diet may postpone signs of brain ageing, according to a new study which opens the possibility of novel treatments for those with Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease.
The research by the Center for Healthy Aging at University of Copenhagen, Denmark, and the National Institute of Health in the US studied mice having a defect in their DNA repair system.
In humans, this defect causes the disorder Cockayne syndrome, where patients prematurely age as children and die at an age of 10-12 years.
The study showed that placing a mouse model of Cockayne syndrome on a high-fat diet will postpone ageing processes such as impaired hearing and weight loss.
“The study is good news for children with Cockayne syndrome, because we do not currently have an effective treatment. Our study suggests that a high-fat diet can postpone ageing processes,” said Professor Vilhelm Bohr from the Center for Healthy Ageing, University of Copenhagen and the National Institute of Health, who headed the study.
“A diet high in fat also seems to postpone the ageing of the brain. The findings therefore potentially imply that patients with Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease in the long term may benefit from the new knowledge,” Bohr said.
Brain has a constant need for fuel in the form of either sugar or so-called ketones. Ketones are the brain’s fuel reserve, and, in particular, play an important role in periods of low blood sugar levels, eg if you are fasting.
This is because the body breaks down fat if it needs sugar, and during this process it produces ketones.
“In cells from children with Cockayne syndrome, we have previously demonstrated that ageing is a result of the cell repair mechanism being constantly active. It eats into the resources and causes the cell to age very quickly,” said postdoc Morten Scheibye-Knudsen from the National Institute of Health.
“We therefore hope that a diet with a high content of coconut oil or similar fats will have a beneficial effect, because the brain cells are given extra fuel and thus the strength to repair the damage,” Scheibye-Knudsen said.
The study has been published in the journal Cell Metabolism.
TAGS: Brain Ageing Brain Ageing Study Fat Diet Postpone Brain Ageing Study On Brain Ageing
More from health
Key protein may contribute to wound healing, tumour growth A key protein may allow for a new way to use the immune system to speed healing and counter inflammatory...

Russell Brand may irritate but many are listening to himRussell Brand may irritate but many are listening to him
Michael Skapinker
There is some sense, among the nonsense, in comedian’s revolution
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39d9d110-6411-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Notebook: The happier anti-Isis warriors of Kurdistan© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/257052c8-6432-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Singapore returns $8bn to banksSingapore returns $8bn to banks involved in rate probe
Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d8d47476-658a-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Germany needs a foreign policyAfter 25 years Germany needs a foreign policy
Philip Stephens
The danger is that Europe’s response to Ukraine is driven by the lowest common denominator
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/45b88b9a-6432-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why PM Modi May Soon Order More Spending Cuts: ReportMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: India will fall well short of its $9.5 billion privatisation target this year, despite a big stock market rally that has attracted foreign investors, two government sources told Reuters.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious selloff agenda has met resistance from labour unions and faces delays due to bureaucratic upheaval caused by a purge of the top team at the Finance Ministry that handles asset sales.
Officials say a fall in global oil prices will reduce the government's subsidy burden, giving it a greater chance of hitting its ambitious fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent of gross domestic product in the fiscal year to March.
But they warn that revenues from share sales could reach just half the target, forcing the PM to take the axe again to spending after he last week banned bureaucrats from flying first class and staying at five-star hotels.
"At the most we could raise Rs 25,000 crore to Rs 30,000 crore ($4.1-$4.8 billion) from disinvestment this year," one senior finance ministry official with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
India's bloated public sector is a legacy of its Soviet-style planned economy but, despite the PM's pro-business platform, the government avoids using the word "privatisation".
"It's more a divestment model," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told a World Economic Forum conference on Wednesday, stressing that the state would keep control over strategic state enterprises.
In his maiden budget, Mr Jaitley set a target of raising Rs 58,400 crore ($9.5 billion) from the sale of shares in companies in which the state has majority and minority stakes.
Yet the government has so far raised Rs 51.8 crore, less than one thousandth of its target, with more than half of the fiscal year gone. The budget assumes that sell-off proceeds will generate 5.6 per cent of total revenues.
"Given the sluggish growth of tax revenues in (the) first half of 2014/15, meeting the disinvestment target would be crucial to ensure that the fiscal deficit remains in line with the budgeted level," said Aditi Nayar, an economist at ICRA, the Indian arm of rating agency Moody's.
The government is in the final stages of preparing its first major sale to raise about $2.8 billion or Rs 17,197.6 crore from a 5 per cent stake in energy explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), two sources told Reuters on Wednesday.
The Cabinet has already given approval to sell a 10 per cent stake in Coal India that could help raise nearly $3 billion or Rs 18,426 crore, besides shares in power producer NHPC and Steel Authority of India (SAIL).
But it faces opposition from trade unions to the Coal India sale, amid a power crisis caused by chronic shortfalls in production.
Over 400,000 Coal India employees, who blocked the previous government's attempt to sell a 10 percent stake, have threatened to strike on November 24 against privatisation.
"Employees do not want privatisation because it will encourage plundering of mines and push the workers back into slavery," said Jibon Roy, general secretary, All India Coal Workers Federation.
The government's plans to raise Rs 15,000 crore by selling its minority stakes in Hindustan Zinc and BALCO face a legal challenge from trade unions that have gone to the Supreme Court.
Officials worry that a shortfall in proceeds from share sales and lower tax collections due to the weak economic recovery could force them to cut budgeted spending again.
"The situation is not as bad as last year, but we may need expenditure cuts, maybe of Rs 20,000 crore to Rs 25000 crore," said the first source, adding there could be savings in capital spending as some ministries were unable to spend allocated funds.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

GSK Pharma Q3 Net Up 27% at Rs 128 CrYou are here: Home Corporates
GlaxoSmithKline Pharma Q3 Net Up 27 Per Cent at Rs 128.67 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 16:06 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals on Thursday reported a 27.45 per cent rise in standalone net profit at Rs 128.67 crore for the third quarter ended September 2014.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 100.95 crore for the corresponding period a year ago, it said in a filing to the BSE.
Standalone total income from operations also rose to Rs 746.76 crore for the quarter under consideration from Rs 626.65 crore for the same period year-ago, it added.
The company follows January-December cycle as financial year.
Established in 1924 in India, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals' product portfolio includes prescription medicines and vaccines.
The company's prescription medicines range across therapeutic areas such as anti-infectives, dermatology, gynaecology, diabetes, oncology, cardiovascular disease and respiratory diseases.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 14:29 (IST)

Footballer hit with 16-match ban for reckless foulPrint
By Angel Krasimirov
BUCHAREST (Reuters) - FCM Targu Mures midfielder Gabriel Muresan has been handed an unprecedented 16-match domestic ban for a violent tackle during a league match in October, the Romanian football federation (FRF) disciplinary commission said.
Muresan was also fined 25,000 lei ($7,100) following the ugly incident in the game against champions Steaua Bucharest on Oct. 26, the FRF added in its statement on Wednesday.
Referee Istvan Kovacs came under fire after showing Muresan a yellow card after he knocked Steaua striker Raul Rusescu down with an elbow, with the Romania international undergoing surgery following a zygomatic bone fracture.
Doctors said Rusescu, who will be out of action until the New Year, was close to losing his eye.
Local media described Kovacs's performance as shameful after Steaua coach Constantin Galca had to make three substitutions in the first 28 minutes with strikers Rusescu and Claudiu Keseru and defender Iasmin Latovlevici all injured by fouls.
Another Targu Mures player, Ousmane N'Doye, got a six-match ban after Keseru suffered concussion following a reckless challenge by the Senegalese midfielder. N'Doye was shown a red card after the game for a skirmish in the centre of the field.
Keseru was taken to hospital and hours after the match said he could not remember when and why he had been substituted.
DRASTIC DECISION
Targu Mures won 1-0 to inflict Steaua's first away defeat in the league since their 3-1 loss at Brasov on Nov. 26, 2012.
"It's a drastic decision, I've never seen anything like this," Targu Mures's general director Daniel Stanciu told local media. "How a player can be suspended for 16 matches since he wasn't even sent off?"
"And I don't understand N'Doye's ban too. We'll appeal."
Steaua, the 1986 European Cup winners and Romania's most successful club, also accused Kovacs of committing a number of errors, including not awarding them a penalty in the second half and instead wrongly booking Cristian Tanase for diving.
Gazeta Sporturilor, one of the country's most popular newspapers, gave a referee's performance mark of zero out of 10 for the first time.
Following the injuries Galca has been forced to include four players from the junior team for their national cup match at Politehnica Iasi.
Steaua top the league standings with 31 points from 13 matches. Targu Mures are fifth on 23.
($1 = 3.5387 Romanian Leus)
(Reporting by Angel Krasimirov; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Recommend

Syngenta develops crop solution for groundnut growersHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Syngenta develops crop solution for groundnut growers
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Agri business company Syngenta today said it has developed a new integrated crop solution to help boost productivity of groundnut growers in Gujarat and enhance its export potential.
It has also established five Syngenta Learning Centres (SLCs) in Junagadh District, where the company will train farmers on a complete package of agronomy and crop solutions for groundnut, the company said in a release.
The intervention has resulted in a yield growth of about 25-30 per cent compared to the conventional farmer practice, the release added.
“We are working towards improving the productivity of groundnut in Gujarat, which will help in reducing the burden on the imports bill, and support India in reaching world-class productivity standards”, Syngenta South Asia Crop Marketing, Specialty Head Anand Gudihal said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Y chromosome doesn t affect women s sexualityWomen born with a rare condition that gives them a Y chromosome don’t only look like women physically, they also have the same brain responses to visual sexual stimuli, a new study shows.
The condition is known as complete androgen insensitivity or CAIS.
“Our findings clearly rule out a direct effect of the Y chromosome in producing masculine patterns of response,” said Kim Wallen, an Emory University professor of psychology and behavioural neuroendocrinology.
“It’s further evidence that we need to revamp our thinking about what we mean by ‘man’ and ‘woman,'” said Wallen, who conducted the research with Stephan Hamann, Emory professor of psychology, and graduate students in their labs.
The Y chromosome was identified as the sex-determining chromosome in 1905. Females normally have an XX chromosome pair and males have an XY chromosome pair.
Women with CAIS are born with an XY chromosome pair. Because of the Y chromosome, the women have testes that remain hidden within their groins but they lack neural receptors for androgens so they cannot respond to the androgens that their testes produce.
They can, however, respond to the oestrogens that their testes produce so they develop physically as women and undergo a feminising puberty. Since they do not have ovaries or a uterus and do not menstruate they cannot have children.
“Women with CAIS have androgen floating around in their brains but no receptors for it to connect to. Essentially, they have this default female pattern and it’s as though they were never exposed to androgen at all,” Wallen said.
Wallen and Hamann are focused on teasing out neural differences between men and women.
In a 2004 study, they used functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to study the neural activity of typical men and typical women while they were viewing photos of people engaged in sexual activity.
For the recent study, the researchers repeated the experiment while also including 13 women with CAIS in addition to women without CAIS and men.
“We didn’t find any difference between the neural responses of women with CAIS and typical women, although they were both very different from those of the men in the study,” Hamann said.
“This result supports the theory that androgen is the key to a masculine response. And it further confirms that women with CAIS are typical women psychologically, as well as their physical phenotype, despite having a Y chromosome,” said Hamann.
The study was published in the journal Hormones and Behaviour.
TAGS: Study On Y Chromosome Y Chromosome
More from health
Key protein may contribute to wound healing, tumour growth A key protein may allow for a new way to use the immune system to speed healing and counter inflammatory...

Love and empathy can make you aggressiveCircumcision advised for teenage boys
Feelings of warmth, tenderness and sympathy can predict aggressive behaviours, a new study has found.
Two neurohormones – oxytocin and vasopressin – appear to be among the mechanisms contributing to the counterintuitive response, said researchers from University at Buffalo.
Michael J Poulin, associate professor of psychology, and colleagues conducted a two-part study consisting of a survey and an experiment.
“The results of both indicate that the feelings we broadly call empathic concern, or compassion, can predict aggression on behalf of those in need,” said Poulin.
The survey asked people to report on someone close to them and explain how that person was threatened by a third-party. Then, participants described their emotions and reaction to the situation.
People aggressing on behalf of others has been widely researched, but researchers said the idea that empathy can drive aggression absent of provocation or injustice is quite novel.
In the experiment, participants provided a saliva sample in order to measure neurohormone levels, then heard a compassion-evoking story about someone they never met, a fictional participant who was supposedly in another room with a second fictional participant.
The actual participants were informed that the pair in the other room, strangers to each other, who were to take a math test, would be exposed to a painful but harmless stimulus (hot sauce) to measure the effects of physical pain on performance.
During the test, the real subject had a choice on how much of a painful stimulus they would provide to the third party who was competing with the person they had compassion toward.
“The results of both the survey and the experiment indicate that the feelings we have when other people are in need, what we broadly call empathic concern or compassion, can predict aggression on behalf of those in need,” said Poulin.
“In situations where we care about someone very much, as humans, we were motivated to benefit them, but if there is someone else in the way, we may do things to harm that third party,” Poulin said.
The reaction is not because the third party has done anything wrong.
Consider parents who in order to benefit their child in competition might do something destructive to another challenger, Poulin said, or soldiers who in battle think more of protecting a comrade than fighting against a broader national threat.
“Our study adds that our response is because of love or compassion for those we care about,” he said.
The study is published in the journal Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin.
TAGS: Love And Empathy Love And Empathy Study Study On Love And Empathy
More from health
Key protein may contribute to wound healing, tumour growth A key protein may allow for a new way to use the immune system to speed healing and counter inflammatory...

FDI in Construction: Government to Issue Clarifications SoonMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: After recently liberalizing foreign direct investment (FDI) norms for the construction development sector, the government is expected to soon come out with some clarifications on the rules of the policy.
"We will issue clarification on FDI in construction shortly...it would be out in next 2-3 days," Secretary in the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) Amitabh Kant said on the sidelines of India Economic Summit here.
He, however, refused to divulge details.
On October 29, the Union Cabinet relaxed rules for FDI in the construction sector by reducing minimum built-up area as well as capital requirement and eased the exit norms to boost to cash-starved real estate industry.
In view of depleting FDI inflow in construction and real estate sector in last couple of years, the Cabinet decided to reduce the minimum floor area to 20,000 square metres from the earlier 50,000 sq mt. It also brought down the minimum capital requirement to $5 million from $10 million.
In case of development of serviced plots, the condition of minimum land of 10 hectares has been completely removed. It also permitted foreign investors to exit on project completion or 3 years from the date of final investment subject to the development of trunk infrastructure.
The government had said that the relaxation was necessary as FDI inflows in the sector, which witnessed a steady rise during 2006-07 and 2009-10, have started declining.
Between April 2000 and August 2014, the construction sector received FDI worth $23.75 billion or 10 per cent of the total FDI attracted by India during the period.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 19:38 (IST)

States should not shy away from reforms: Andhra CMAjay Modi      Follow @ajaymodibt    Last Updated: November 7, 2014  | 10:22 IST
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu
States should not shy away from reforms for the sake of politics, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu said on Thursday.
"We have to do reforms. Economic reforms are not against the common man. You can keep people happy and do reforms. Economic reforms and social benefits can be integrated for economic growth," Naidu said at an India Economic Summit session on governance in states.
Naidu has recently taken charge as chief minister of the now divided Andhra Pradesh and has a huge task of building the state and services.
In his previous stint as chief minister of the undivided Andhra Pradesh during 1995-2004, Naidu was known more for his tech-savvy image and industry-friendly policies.
This raised criticism that the state focused more on growth, due to which a large section of the population was left aside. Naidu also lost elections thereafter, apparently for his primary focus on the development of Hyderabad.
"I learnt in the last 10 years that one needs to keep his political mandate in mind," Naidu said. On the challenges that the bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh and creation of the new state of Telangana posed, Naidu said the challenges have also given a lot of opportunities.
Naidu, an ally of the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance at the Centre, attacked the previous Congress-led United Progressive Alliance government and blamed it for corruption, non-performance and a policy paralysis. In what appeared to be a praise of the NDA government, Naidu said, "There is a new energy in India. This is an inspiring time for everyone after suffering of 10 years", he said.
Naidu said he has to build a new state and so has prepared seven missions and five grids for a focused approach. He has identified priority areas like industry, infrastructure, knowledge, water, gas and fibre optic network. "I want to promote 'Make in Andhra Pradesh' as a part of the 'Make in India' initiative of the central government," he said.
Promising his support to industry, Naidu said if an investment proposal is genuine and right, his government can promise all related clearances in one month.

Microsoft makes more Office features free on iPadsMicrosoft makes more Office features free on iPads
Microsoft
The Microsoft logo is seen at their offices in Bucharest, Romania.
The Microsoft logo is seen at their offices in Bucharest, Romania. (Bogdan Cristel)
By Bill Rigby, Reuters
Satya Nadella Apple iPad Apple Inc. Google Inc.
Microsoft Corp on Thursday said users of its Office suite of applications on Apple Inc's iPad would be able to create and edit documents for free instead of paying for a subscription, in a bid to capture more mobile users.
The move is the latest, and one of the most dramatic, in Microsoft's new strategy of getting customers to use their services regardless of device or operating system, rather than lose them to a proliferation of free or cheap alternatives.
0
The new strategy, led by new Chief Executive Satya Nadella, is a recognition that the dominance of Windows and Office on PCs has not translated to the fast-growing mobile arena, where Apple's phones and tablets and devices running Google Inc's Android rule.
Nadella's first major move after taking the helm in February was to make Office available on the iPad, which has attracted 40 million users.
By downloading a free app, users could read Office documents in Word, Excel and PowerPoint but had to buy a subscription, starting at $7 per month, to create or edit them. From Thursday, that will now be free.
Microsoft also announced on Thursday it is releasing Word, Excel and PowerPoint apps for the iPhone for the first time, and rolling out a test version of those apps for Android tablets, which are expected to be released fully early next year.
The world's largest software company still has not released fully touch-optimized Office apps for Windows, but hinted on Thursday that they would be released with Windows 10 sometime next year.
Microsoft's Office suite is still the gold standard for work applications on the PC, but easy to use, touch-friendly work apps like Haiku Deck, Quip, Smartsheet and Evernote, plus a full range of Google Apps, have quickly gained a following among younger users who regularly create and consume content on mobile devices.
On Thursday, business networking site LinkedIn Corp said it would integrate Haiku Deck - a free alternative to Microsoft's PowerPoint - into its SlideShare platform, where 70 million users create and share presentations.
(Reporting by Bill Rigby; Editing by Miral Fahmy)

Instinct: Jon Morris  Rise Interactive MarketingInstinct: Jon Morris, Rise Interactive Marketing
Instinct: Jon Morris, Rise Interactive Marketing
Jon Morris, CEO and founder of Rise Interactive, says marketers should take instinct out of the decision making process.
Jon Morris, CEO and founder of Rise Interactive, says marketers should take instinct out of the decision making process.

A Group Of 150 Artists Transformed A Tunisian Island Into A Street Art Havenreddit
What happens when 150 artists from 30 different countries converge on one island off the coast of Tunisia? In short, an entire village transforms into a massive outdoor museum, showcasing some of the beautiful designs from street artists around the globe in a project titled " Djerbahood ."
Left: The village before. Right: (clockwise from right top): Twoone, Shoof and BamK, Curiot, Saner (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
We have Galerie Itinerrance to thank for the stunning gathering. The Paris-based institution invited artists like C215, eL Seed, Swoon, and ROA to paint the walls, doors and ruins of Djerba, turning the sparse architecture into open air canvases. " I found the idea so innovative that I couldn’t say no ," eL Seed, a France-based artist born to Tunisian parents, explained to The Middle East Eye. "As a Tunisian artist, I believe it is a duty for me to support this kind of initiative."
Djerba is the largest island in North Africa, home to Roman and Punic ruins and one of the oldest synagogues in the world -- El Ghriba. With idyllic beaches and a mild climate, Djerba has long been a tourist resort destination, though the tragic Ghriba synagogue bombing in 2002 slowed travel to the island for some time. George Lucas' 1977 "Star Wars Episode IV" filmed briefly in the town of Ajim, cementing Djerba's spot in pop culture history. You can take a visual tour of the village of Erriadh, adorned with street artworks earlier this year, below.
Swoon (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
ROA (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
Monica Canilao (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
Brusk (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
C215 (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
Alexis Diaz (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
David de la Mano (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
David de la Mano (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
Swoon (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
C215 (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
B-Toy (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
ROA (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
B-Toy (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
eL Seed (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
ROA (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
Cekis (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
Hyuro (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
Axel Void (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
Swoon (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
Nilko (Galerie Itinerrance / Aline Deschamps)
Close

There s An App For Thatreddit
There was a time when nothing symbolized Americans’ yearn for instant gratification as well as the drive-thru -- where we could order, pay for and eat a meal without ever having to leave the car.
Then along came the iPhone and a universe of apps that promised the ultimate convenience: burgers at the push of a button. Thanks to tech, you now have the luxury of never having to place a fast-food order with a human again.
As more young Americans move to cities -- and leave their cars behind -- mobile apps are increasingly looking like the 21st century's answer to the drive-thru.
“The mobile payment will become the urban version of the drive-thru,” said Maeve Webster, a senior director at DataSsential, a food market research firm. “The big thing that’s going to drive that is the population shift into urban areas.”
Over the past several months, the number of restaurants offering diners the ability to order and pay for their food through their phones has expanded rapidly. Taco Bell launched its mobile ordering app to much fanfare last week. Other eateries, including Panda Express and White Castle , also have similar apps.
Vintage neon sign above the In & Out Drive In located in Baker City, Oregon. Open since 1957
McDonald's is reportedly testing an app that allows customers to order ahead and pay through their phones. The fast food giant already accepts Apple Pay at its stores. At Starbucks, which is widely acknowledged to have one of the most successful mobile payment apps, phone transactions are growing at a rate of nearly 50 percent annually , the company said in a conference call discussing its most recently quarterly earnings. Mobile payments at banks, restaurants and other locations are expected to grow 60.8 percent annually worldwide between 2011 and 2015, according to the 2014 world payments report from consulting firm Capgemini and the Royal Bank of Scotland.
The apps presumably appeal largely to younger city dwellers looking to order quickly and on the go. And the past few years have seen an increase in this type of customer. Between 2000 and 2010, the urban population in the country increased by 12.1 percent, compared to an overall population growth rate of 9.7 percent, according to Census Bureau data from 2012 . Nearly 1 in 7 Americans lives in the New York, Chicago or Los Angeles metropolitan areas and nearly 1 in 3 lives in one of the 10 most populous regions, the Census Bureau reported earlier this year .
Young people in their 20s and 30s with college degrees are particularly likely to choose close-in urban neighborhoods over the suburbs, according to a recent report from City Observatory , a think tank focused on urban policy. Young people are also driving less -- between 2001 and 2009, the number of miles clocked by the average 16 to 34-year-old dropped 23 percent, an October study from U.S. PIRG found.
Young people are driving less and less:
This chart from U.S. PIRG shows the change in number of trips per capita among 16- to 34-year-olds between 2001 and 2009.
If these patterns hold, it may not be long before the trappings of car culture -- including drive-thrus -- become increasingly outdated. The first drive-in window -- a setup where diners ordered through a window and a waiter brought food to their car -- appeared in Texas 1921, according to Michael Karl Witzel, the author of The American Drive In. It later spawned its now more-popular offshoot, the drive-thru, in the 1930s, he said.
From there, the growth “was another natural progression of the love of the automobile,” Witzel said. As cars, highways and commutes from the suburbs became more ubiquitous in the middle of the century, drive-thru windows began to increasingly dot the landscape. McDonald’s launched its first drive-thru on an Arizona military base in 1975 to cater to soldiers who weren’t allowed to get out of their cars in fatigues, according to the company’s website .
“We used to believe that [cars] were freedom machines, and we inhabited them in ways that amplified our freedom,” said Cotten Seiler, the author of Republic of Drivers: A Cultural History of Automobility in America. “Now the suburbs, which were supposed to be these havens of freedom and mobility and beauty, are some of the most congested areas. These are places where the promise of mobility doesn’t really deliver anymore.”
Despite the congestion, drive-thrus still generate a huge chunk of business for many eateries; at Starbucks, for example, stores with a drive-thru accounted for nearly half of sales last quarter, even though they make up only 42 percent of the chain's company-operated store portfolio. According to a 2012 report from the NPD Group, a market research firm, drive-thrus make up about 40 percent of visits at Mexican chains like Taco Bell, and 57 percent of visits at hamburger joints.
But the drive-thru's hold may be slipping. For the year ended September 2014, drive-thru visits to hamburger fast food chains were down 6 percent, compared to a 5 percent decline in fast food visits overall, according to NPD.
Using Apple's Passbook App to pay for a cup of coffee at Starbucks.
Forward-thinking chains are adjusting to this new reality. Starbucks announced on its earnings call last week that the chain will add delivery to its mobile app in some locations starting sometime in 2015 . It also added a feature earlier this year that allows users to hail an Uber through the Starbucks app.
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz described these developments and other efforts to grow mobile transactions as "taking a page out of the drive-thru business,” which is known for convenience.
If the plan works, an Uber ride to your local Starbucks hailed through the chain’s app may one day feel as nostalgic and American as a waiter delivering a burger to your car on roller skates.
More:

Virgin Galactic May Resume Test Flights In 2015: CEOVirgin Galactic May Resume Test Flights In 2015: CEO
 | By                                                                By SUSAN MONTOYA BRYAN
Posted:
reddit
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — The space tourism company that suffered a tragic setback when its experimental rocket-powered spaceship broke apart over the California desert could resume test flights as early as next summer if it can finish building a replacement craft, its CEO says.
The sleek composite shell and tail section of the new craft are sitting inside the company's manufacturing facility in Mojave, California.
After more than two years of work, it's beginning to look like a spaceship, but Virgin Galactic CEO George Whitesides said there's much more to be done, from relatively simple things such as installing windows to the more complex fitting of flight controls and other wiring.
The ship — dubbed SpaceShipTwo Serial No. 2 — will replace one that was destroyed last week after its feathering system that controls descent deployed prematurely and aerodynamic forces ripped it apart, killing the co-pilot and seriously injuring the pilot.
In the wake of the accident, workers have focused on building the new ship.
"That's provided some solace to all of us, and I think there's sort of a therapeutic benefit to folks to be able to put their energies into constructive work," Whitesides told The Associated Press in a telephone interview Wednesday.
He said the company will be able to continue flying its mother ship — the much larger jet-powered plane that launches the rocket ship at high altitudes — while federal investigators look into the cause of the deadly crash with the cooperation of the company.
It's possible that test flights for the next spaceship could begin within six months, before the investigation is expected to conclude, Whitesides said.
Scaled Composites, which is developing the spacecraft for Virgin Galactic, has an experimental permit from the Federal Aviation Administration to test the crafts. Just last month, the company had received approval from the agency to resume rocket-powered flights.
When the new ship is ready next year, the FAA said it will conduct a more extensive review to ensure whatever caused last week's mishap has been addressed before allowing test flights to resume.
Speculation continues about how far the accident will push back the day when Virgin Galactic's paying customers can routinely rocket dozens of miles from a $219 million spaceport in the New Mexico desert toward the edge of space for a fleeting feeling of weightlessness and a breathtaking view.
Whitesides said the accident has been tough on many levels, but he refused to see it as a roadblock and said the company does not have to start from scratch.
"There was no question it was a tragic setback, but it's one from which we can recover," he said. "With Serial No. 2, we'll be putting a stronger, even better ship into initial commercial service and I think we'll be able to get back into test flights soon and carry forward."
Virgin Galactic has hopes of one day being able to manufacture at least one new ship a year. It envisions flights with six passengers climbing more than 62 miles above Earth.
Seats sell for $250,000 and the company says it has booked passengers including Justin Bieber, Ashton Kutcher and Russell Brand. A few more passengers signed on this week, Whitesides said.
Virgin Galactic will be the anchor tenant at the taxpayer-financed Spaceport America in southern New Mexico. Before the accident, the company planned to begin moving operations to New Mexico early next year.
Whitesides reiterated his commitment to New Mexico but acknowledged the company was still considering its new timeline.
More:

India Needs to Up Savings Rate for 7% GDP Growth: HSBCMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Mumbai: HSBC said on Thursday that India's savings rate needs to go up by at least 5 percentage points to 35 per cent if the country wants to boost GDP growth to 7-8 per cent.
"The national saving rate is about 30 per cent of GDP. To achieve GDP growth of 7-8 per cent during Modi's first term in office, investment needs to rise to at least 35 per cent of GDP," the foreign brokerage said in a note.
HSBC said the current situation leaves a savings shortfall of 5 per cent of GDP.
It is essential for the euphoric expectations built up prior to Narendra Modi's election as Prime Minister translate into action in order to achieve the jump in growth, HSBC said.
"Business sentiment has cooled after the post-election euphoria: projects remain stuck, output has cooled and hopes for rapid changes curtailed. To kick up growth, it is essential for infrastructure spending to accelerate, and plans for better housing supply and electricity to be realised," it said.
It can be noted that the national savings rate had hit an all-time high of 36.9 per cent in FY08, but has been consistently declining ever since as the economic conditions worsened.
The country has witnessed two consecutive fiscal years of sub-5 per cent growth. However, it clipped up in the first quarter of the current fiscal year to 5.7 per cent, but analysts expect it to dip again to the 5 per cent level. RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has called it an "uneven" recovery which is underway in the country.
HSBC said there are a few inherent factors which will push up savings rate in the next few years, like rising labour force participation and deepening of banking network that will attract the savings.
However, it said that narrowing of the fiscal deficit and more efficient public firms will contribute the most in this objective of upping the savings rate.
"Even then, India will still need some 2-3 per cent of GDP in foreign savings to top things up," it said.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 20:29 (IST)

Godrej Properties Posts 36% Rise in September Quarter ProfitYou are here: Home Corporates
Godrej Properties Posts 36 Per Cent Rise in September Quarter Profit
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 20:43 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai: Realty major Godrej Properties on Thursday reported a 36 per cent increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 46.6 crore for the quarter ended September 2014, mainly on account of lower tax outgo and minority interest payment.
The Mumbai-based company had reported a net profit of Rs 34.25 crore for the corresponding quarter a year ago.
Total income from operations declined 4 per cent to Rs 293.97 crore from Rs 306.49 crore in the corresponding quarter last fiscal year.
The company's tax expenses declined 64.15 per cent to Rs 11.43 crore from Rs 31.89 crore in the year-ago period. The minority interest payment declined 64 per cent to Rs 8.58 crore during the quarter under review from Rs 26.33 crore a year ago.
"Despite a challenging environment, the sales have improved mainly because of the project launches. The profit numbers have improved mainly because of lower tax outgo and minority interest payment. The minority interest is less due to lower revenue recognition from our project in Mumbai--Godrej One, which is on profit sharing model," managing director and CEO Pirojsha Godrej told reporters here.
During the quarter, the booking value increased 164 per cent to Rs 880 crore while booking volume increased 177 per cent to 1.40 million square feet.
The company also launched four new projects/phases across Mumbai, Gurgaon and Bangalore.
"We look forward to delivering an even stronger performance in the second half of the fiscal," he added.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 18:28 (IST)

Independents didnt decide the midterm electionBy Samara Klar and Yanna Krupnikov November 6
(Alan Cradick/AP Photo/The Star-News)
Who won Tuesday’s election? Well, the Republicans for one. But, if you listen to the pundits and pollsters, it was really a victory for independents.
As the polls closed on Tuesday, some election analysts returned to a familiar refrain: the outcome of a long and bitter midterm campaign would be determined by independent voters. “Look at the Colorado race, this one is a tough one, 28 percent Democrat, 32 percent Republicans, 39 percent Independents. The candidate who wins those unaffiliated independent voters will win that big Colorado Senate race,” explained CNN’s John King on-air.
Independents, Wednesday morning reports suggested, are “back to their swing-voter status in this election.” In Illinois , Massachusetts , North Carolina and Wisconsin , appeals to independents underlie Republican success. In Iowa, it was Republican candidate Joni Ernst’s “ folksy charm ” that won over independent voters. Independents, it seems, were simply “ sympathetic to the Republican message of more checks and balances versus the Democratic message of continuing Obama’s policies. ”
Why did these alleged swing voters swing right? It is because independents who voted for Republicans were simply Republicans all along. The election was not about the Republican Party winning the independents. It was about the Democratic Party losing the Democrats.
Below we consider four common questions about independents in light of the election.
Who are these independents and why did they vote Republican?
Between 2008 and 2014 the number of registered independents increased – sometimes as much as 30 or 40 percent — in states that require partisan registration. Media reports suggest that these unaffiliated renegades have come out of left-field (or, rather, center-field) to shake up the parties. At first glance, the 2014 election confirms this trend.
Exit polls show that 28 percent of people who voted identified as independents; among them, 54 percent voted Republican . This is, incidentally, not so different from what we saw in 2010, when 29 percent of voters reported that they were independent and 52 percent of them voted Republican. Both 2014 and 2010 were good for Republicans, which may lead to the conclusion that GOP successes are a result of securing independent votes.
But Independents who voted Republican were probably Republican all along. In fact, political scientists have long suggested that the vast majority of independents have clear partisan connections . When asked whether they lean toward a party, most independents are ready and able to pick one. A Pew center study conducted two weeks prior to the election, for example, showed that of the 36 percent of voters who identified as independent, 75 percent lean toward a party. What’s more, tracking elections over time shows that “leaning independents” typically vote for the party toward which they lean.
As we previously wrote , independents – by and large – are partisans gone undercover. Why? Because the label “independent” conveys a more positive image and most people want to convey the best image possible. Most people who hide behind “independence” are no different than their partisan counterparts, the only difference is that they are more embarrassed to call themselves partisans. In sum, it is unlikely that the independents who voted Republican were ever actually “up for grabs.”
Did an inability to recruit independents sink the Democrats on Election Day?
Some have suggested that the Democratic Party has an image problem. Others note that Democrats lack the “fresh ideas” to recruit independents. Could this be why independents have withheld their support?
We suggest that the Democratic Party’s problem is not with independents, but it is rather with Democrats. In a recent study, we offered people the choice of a sticker in exchange for completing a survey. Our sticker collection included an image of the Democratic donkey, and image of the Republican elephant, and an image of a non-partisan eagle. We found that when our study provided participants with information about bipartisanship they were not only more likely to choose a partisan sticker but also were more likely to display it. When the study included information about partisan conflict, on the other hand, participants were markedly more likely to choose the non-partisan eagle. Those who did still take a partisan sticker were far less likely to display it, instead opting to hide the stickers in their bag or pocket.
The take-away: partisan disagreement leads people to retreat from parties, and if information paints one particular party in a disproportionately negative light, members of that party are especially likely to avoid expressing their partisanship.
This year was not a good year for the Democratic Party, which was plagued by tales of gridlock and an unpopular president. The type of coverage the Democrats received is the exactly the type of media coverage that in our studies lead people to avoid partisanship, making them less likely to try to talk to others about politics, to display stickers and signs, and to persuade their friends to vote.
The Democrats did not lose because they couldn’t convince independents (many of whom were likely Republicans) to vote for them. They lost in part because they could not depend on their own supporters to encourage their friends to turn out and vote Democratic.
With so many independents in America, is this a sign that bipartisanship is coming to Congress?
It would be easy to connect independents to bipartisanship. In fact, many pundits and journalists make just this case, suggesting that independents are dissatisfied with legislative gridlock and want the two parties to come together. We caution against taking the 2014 election as a referendum on bipartisanship.
In a national experiment, we presented a representative sample of more than 1,000 Americans with different types of political scenarios. In one scenario, Democrats and Republicans reached a compromised, but the respondent’s preferred party had to make many concessions in order to reach this compromise. In a different scenario, the parties also compromised, but it was the opposition that made more concessions. In a third scenario the parties could not reach a compromise at all. Unsurprisingly, we find that partisans prefer gridlock to compromise if compromise means that their party has to make a sacrifice. Political scientists Laurel Harbridge , Neil Malhotra and Brian Harrison find a similar pattern among partisans in a different study.
What is surprising is that independents feel the exact same way. In fact, independents who leaned toward a party actually preferred an outcome of gridlock to any scenario in which their preferred party had to make any concession! Independents may say that they want more compromise, but just like partisans they don’t want that compromise to come at the expense of their preferred party.
With so many independents, is there a chance for a viable third party candidate to emerge in 2016?
“If people don’t like their choices with the Republican candidate or the Democratic candidate, then you’re going to see a spurt in third-party candidates, so they can definitely affect outcomes,” Texas Sen. John Cornyn (R)  said to the New York Times shortly before the election. With an unprecedented number of independent voters across several states, has that time come?
Despite the large proportion of Tuesday’s voters who identified as independents, we saw nary a victory for a third party candidate. In Kansas, high-profile independent candidate Greg Orman lost to incumbent Pat Roberts by more than 10 percentage points. Among the 28 percent of Kansas voters who reported they were independent, only a slim majority (54 percent) cast ballots for Orman. By contrast, nearly 90 percent of Republicans voted for their party’s candidate.
While it is possible that Orman was not the candidate that Kansas independents wanted, it is more likely that most of these independents were Republicans all along. And Orman’s independent voters were actually Democrats who lacked a party candidate.
Independent voters in America are not undecided. Rather, many are ashamed to be associated with either party. As 2016 approaches, pundits, journalists, and politicians should be careful not to misinterpret the proportion of independent voters as evidence that Americans are ready for a third party. Our research recommends a different interpretation: a growing number of Americans are too embarrassed to admit their partisanship and fail to openly support and turnout for their party. It is unlikely that these people are “up for grabs.”
Samara Klar is a political scientist at the University of Arizona. Yanna Krupnikov is a political scientist at Stony Brook University.

Samara Klar and Yanna KrupnikovThe president was examined at Walter Reed for a sore throat, which was blamed on acid reflux.
Dec 6, 2014
Turns out he has acid reflux.
Dec 6, 2014
Texas governor elect Greg Abbott’s week in review
Dec 5, 2014
Josh Earnest: “We’ll have a little royalty in the house“
Dec 5, 2014
Outrage from both sides following the grand jury’s decision.
Dec 4, 2014
No fill in the blank way
Dec 4, 2014
Lewis was beaten by police during the civil rights movement.
Dec 4, 2014
“At some level everybody is our kid,” he said Thursday.
Dec 4, 2014

When good maternity leave programs can actually hurt womenBy Jena McGregor November 6 Follow @jenamcgregor
(photo by Dayna Smith/for the Washington Post).
Companies love to tout their generous maternity leaves and flexible work arrangements as evidence they're supporting their female employees. They promote perks such as company-sponsored child care and elder care benefits to show they're committed to helping women balance their lives — and therefore, to helping women stick around the workplace and move up in their careers.
But are such programs actually successful at better retaining and advancing women? The answer, according to a new research report , appears to be no. In some cases, these programs are actually linked with slower projections for women to reach the executive ranks.
In a study released Thursday, the consulting firm Mercer  surveyed 164 organizations about their benefits and human resources practices, such as whether they offer paternity leave and whether they consider diversity goals when paying executive bonuses. Then, the study compared those practices against actual outcomes for female employees.
Each of the organizations not only answered a questionnaire about what it offers, but provided Mercer access to its internal employee data. This allowed the consulting firm to see how many men and women were at each level of the company and then project — based on hiring, promotion and exit patterns — how many women would progress into the executive ranks.
When looking specifically at flexible work arrangements and maternity leave benefits, the research found that organizations offering them had higher current numbers of women. Yet there was another correlation: those companies also appeared to promote women into their executive ranks at a slower pace.
How can that be? Aren't flexible work arrangements and long, paid maternity leaves manna for working women , keeping them in the workforce through their child-rearing years?
It turns out that the problem is not with these critically important benefits themselves, but that companies can be lulled into complacency, thinking that offering them alone is good enough. "It's very easy to check the box," says Pat Milligan, president of Mercer's North America region.
When companies institute such benefits but don't follow them up with the proactive management that helps women get back on track for promotion, the initiatives can actually have a negative effect. "We're not saying they're not good programs," Milligan says, but they can lead to a mentality where companies think they've done their job just by implementing them, conflating H.R. perks with real action. "If I'm not actively managing and really coaching these women, they can have very unintended consequences."
Unconscious bias against, and stereotypes of, working mothers could also play a role. All too often, there's a stigma attached to taking advantage of flexible work arrangements or long maternity leaves. They're formally offered, but informally frowned upon.
Indeed, the study found that when these benefits were ranked by an organization as one of its top five programs for developing women — meaning the culture values them — the negative effect goes away. And when they were used by both men and women in similar numbers, they could even be linked to improved projections for women joining the top ranks.
"You can have a great employee handbook, and all these great programs that say you can do this, but if your manager makes it clear that your butt needs to be in the seat, then what’s the sense of having them?" Milligan says. "We’re just honestly saying it takes a lot more work to use this stuff for the good than simply to offer it."
Read also:

Gray administration tries to hold together stadium dealBy Jonathan O'Connell November 6 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
An artist’s rendering of United’s proposed stadium on Buzzard Point. (Courtesy D.C. government)
In the 406-page report analyzing D.C.’s proposed deal for a D.C. United stadium, there is something for everyone. 
For stadium backers, there is data to back up Mayor Vincent Gray’s assertion that a series of land swaps he proposed to secure stadium land would grow the economy in three parts of the city: around the D.C. United stadium on Buzzard Point, on U Street where the Reeves Center would be redeveloped and in Anacostia where a new municipal building would be erected.
For critics, the report lays out a series of risks and concerns about Gray’s proposal, among them that at $286.7 million the stadium would be the most expensive ever built for a Major League Soccer team, that the city would be shorted more than $25.7 million in the land swaps and that cost overruns could occur for which the Gray administration has instituted few protections.
Members of the D.C. Council are deciding which group to join. Asked by Gray to pass stadium legislation before he leaves office at the end of the year, they were given only a few hours to review the study by Council Chairman Phil Mendelson — who delayed the report’s release until the day after the election — before a Wednesday afternoon hearing on its contents.
On Tuesday Phil Mendelson was re-elected D.C. Council Chairman. On Wednesday he released a new analysis of the stadium proposal. (Bill O’Leary/WASHINGTON POST)
Among the most pointed concerns raised at the hearing by the authors of the study, from CSL International, Integra Realty Resources and the Robert Bobb Group (the consulting firm of former D.C. city administrator Robert C. Bobb), was that Gray and Lew underestimated the values of properties they proposed trading away, and overvalued the properties on Buzzard Point the District would receive in return.
They put the net difference at $25.7 million, including an estimated $11.2 million under-valuing of the Reeves Center. Although they said the stadium could generate $109.4 million in net fiscal benefits from the stadium, they cautioned that the number could be lower if, for instance, environmental remediation on Buzzard Point costs more than expected or a hotel planned for adjacent to the stadium is built later than expected.
The architect of the deal, City Administrator Allen Lew, acknowledged that the city may not get the very top value it could for its properties but he said the land swaps, with developer Akridge and Pepco, were necessary because the District could not borrow the needed money under a self-imposed borrowing cap.
Under the arrangement, the District would provide up to $150 million in land and infrastructure and the team would then pay to build the stadium and receive a series of tax breaks worth around $50 million.
Lew said the risks were far less than for other major city projects.
“If we compare the risks in this transaction to those present in the Nationals Ballpark or the Convention Center deals, both of which are viewed in hindsight as highly successful endeavors, the risk in this transaction is far less than the risk in those situations,” he said.
The terms of the deal have improved since Lew first brought it to the council. In recent weeks, Akridge agreed to include a series of rules for redevelopment of the Reeves Center and new protections for the District should the stadium development not pan out.
But Lew will may have to provide further assurances if the deal, Gray’s last shot at a singular economic development achievement, is to pass the council before the end of the year, due to concerns raised by a senior official for the District’s chief financial officer.
City Administrator Allen Lew defended the deal. (The Washington Post)
In his testimony at the hearing,  John P. Ross, the director of the city’s office of the chief financial officer, raised two concerns. First he said the administration had not identified where it would get the money to fill financial gaps in the deal, including an estimated $75.6 million needed this fiscal year.
The second, and potentially more serious issue, is that the CFO determined the tax breaks requested by the team weren’t needed to finance construction of the stadium. Although D.C. United — like other MLS teams — loses money on an operating basis, its value doubled between 2007 and 2012, according to estimates by Forbes.
Last year the team’s principal owner, Indonesian businessman Erick Thohir, bought a 70 percent stake in the Italian club Inter Milan for an estimated $340 million. Ross said the team didn’t need tax breaks to finance the stadium.
“I don’t want to sound real negative. All I want to say is this is what we’re getting into,” Ross told the council.
Taken together, the concerns were enough to prompt Council member Tommy Wells (D-Ward 6) to ask whether there was some way Lew could complete the deal without trading away the Reeves Center.
“If it was at all possible, council member, I would have done it already,” Lew replied.
Mendelson, however, was not convinced Lew was taking the concerns raised by the report seriously, saying the city administrator was being “dismissive” of the report’s assertion that the Reeves had been undervalued by more than $11 million.
“The mayor and I believe that the agreed upon cost is fair and reasonable,” Lew said.
Mendelson concluded by saying he planned to hold another hearing soon.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Apple blocks malware targeting products in ChinaApple blocks malware targeting products in China
Apple
David Gray
The Apple logo is lit on the first day of sale for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in Sydney, Australia.
The Apple logo is lit on the first day of sale for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in Sydney, Australia. (David Gray)
By Lehar Maan, Reuters
Apple Inc said it has identified and blocked malicious software applications targeting users in China.
Palo Alto Networks Inc said on Wednesday it discovered a new family of malware that can infect Apple products, underscoring the increasing sophistication of attacks on iPhones and Mac computers.
"We are aware of malicious software available from a download site aimed at users in China, and we've blocked the identified apps to prevent them from launching," Apple said in an email to Reuters.

Choose your own adventure: Exit strategies for entrepreneurs0
• IPO: For some ambitious entrepreneurs, an IPO is the holy grail — a sign that you and your business have truly arrived. Plus, it comes with the possibility of a huge payday. But an IPO is not for everyone. Your business needs to have significant market value, and you must be prepared to deal with sometimes onerous reporting and disclosure requirements, shoulder high costs and give up the control you may have once enjoyed. Worse, IPOs can flop, and you may end up holding a bunch of shares that aren’t worth what you hoped they would be.
• Selling the business: As an exit strategy, a sale is less complicated than an IPO and allows you to cleanly cut the cord between you and the company while potentially earning a return on your investment. If you plan to sell your business, you must get an accurate business valuation from a business appraiser or broker before you plan to sell the company. Proper business valuation will help you make sure your sale price expectations are realistic. It’s not unusual for owners to overestimate the value of their business, even though statistics show that recently sold small business had a median sale price of just $180,000. Having an idea of your company’s value well before you plan to sell can also help you take steps to increase its value, such as making yourself less essential, so that a buyer knows that the business will thrive without you.
• Transferring ownership: Rather than an outright sale, you may want to transfer ownership to someone you’ve groomed to take over the business, like a family member, junior partner or your employees. If you want to pursue this strategy, it’s usually best to start preparing for a transition well in advance, so that you can gradually hand over responsibility as the next-generation leadership learns the ropes.
• Liquidation: If you can’t issue an IPO, sell your business or transfer ownership, liquidation may be your only viable exit option. You’ll probably get less than you would through an outright sale, but for some owners, liquidation is a perfectly reasonable strategy for exiting the business.
Exiting on your own terms
Just as important as understanding your different exit options is being able to identify the right moment for your exit. Like Kenny Rogers said, “know when to fold ‘em.” In fact, this can be one of the biggest challenges a business owner faces. Rather than waiting for the decision to be made for you, be on the lookout for signs that it’s time to exit the business, such as:
• The economy and your industry are strong: If at all possible, you want to exit your business on a high note. If the economy is strong and your industry is growing, now may be the time to get out. Pay attention to market cycles and strike while the iron is hot. Finding a buyer willing to pay top dollar for your company will be easier when your business and the economy are flying high.
• You’re ready for a new challenge: If running your business has become more of a burden than a passion, it may be time to step back. When you’re daydreaming about your next venture, avoiding the office, stressed because you feel you don’t have time to do the things you really enjoy or dreading dealing with routine matters, you may need to put space between you and your business. In some cases, those feelings are signs that it’s time to embrace a new challenge.
• You’re failing — but ready to try again: Not every business venture succeeds, and as an entrepreneur, you need to know when to cut your losses. If you’re not turning a profit after years in business, can’t attract customers and are losing top talent, your business may simply not be viable. Failure can be frustrating, but it is also a learning experience. Rather than sink more resources into a floundering enterprise, take stock of what you’ve learned and apply it to your next effort. As legendary  entrepreneur Richard Branson says , “Failing doesn’t mean that you’re not cut out to run your own business … The key to bouncing back is to learn whatever lessons you can from the experience so that you can avoid making the same mistakes in the next launch.”
Proactive financial planning, both in your business and personal finances, beginning the day you found your company, will help make the exit process as seamless as possible. Consider the endgame as you make decisions, so that you can achieve both your business and personal goals. By taking charge of the situation from day one, you’ll be better able to exit your business on your own terms — and move on to your next big adventure.
Jeremy Office is a financial advisor at Maclendon Wealth Management and is based in Delray Beach, Florida. He helps clients build, manage and preserve wealth, develop a business plan and wind down their business.
This article originally appeared on  NerdWallet .

Tesla reports loss despite sales increase  delays Model X againTesla reports loss despite sales increase, delays Model X again
Tesla Motors Inc. Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk News Conference
Yuriko Nakao / Bloomberg
Elon Musk, co-founder and chief executive officer of Tesla Motors Inc., speaks during a news conference in Tokyo in September.
Elon Musk, co-founder and chief executive officer of Tesla Motors Inc., speaks during a news conference in Tokyo in September. (Yuriko Nakao / Bloomberg)
Automotive Industry Electric and Hybrid Vehicles Tesla Motors Elon Musk
Tesla predicts it will produce 35,000 vehicles in 2014, and will produce far more in 2015.
A report in the quarter of Tesla: losses doubled, revenue up, Model X delayed, sales up, Musk prickly.
Tesla Model X delayed again; might ship in third quarter of 2015. Might.
Tesla Motors reported a $75-million loss, about double that of a year ago, and announced another delay for its highly anticipated Model X sport utility vehicle.
But other numbers in the earnings report on Wednesday spoke to continuing growth at the maker of high-end electric cars. The company reported third-quarter revenue of $852 million, nearly double the figure from a year earlier and up slightly from the $769 million it reported in the second quarter.
Telsa, led by Chief Executive Elon Musk, maintained its high-flying status on Wall Street, seeing a jump in its stock price in after-hours trading. Tesla stock closed down 3.3% at $230.97, but rose above $243 in after-market trading.
Tesla Motors confirmed plans for a compact all-electric sedan priced at an estimated $35,000 and due in 2017. ( Robert Duffer, Chicago Tribune )
Revenue for the quarter included $93 million from the sale of regulatory credits, including zero-emission vehicle credits awarded by California and other states. Automakers need the credits to comply with environmental regulations.
The company also reported $31 million in powertrain sales, mostly from Daimler, which uses the powertrains in some Mercedes-Benz B Class vehicles .
The company reported third-quarter deliveries of 7,785 of its Model S vehicles, which have a base price of about $71,000 but can sell for more than $100,000 with options. The company said these numbers were a little lower than anticipated, due to changes at factories that are being retooled to build the Model X.
Despite that, Tesla said, the company expects to nearly hit its target of 35,000 vehicles built in 2014. The company said it will end the year having produced something closer to 33,000 vehicles, about 50% above its delivery numbers for 2013.
Tesla said it is still on track to be building cars at the rate of 2,000 units a week by the end of 2015, for an annualized rate of 100,000 cars a year. Musk told analysts he was certain the company could increase production by 50% each year for the next several years.
Those numbers gave some analysts doubts about Tesla's performance over the long term.
“Tesla is at 35,000 and wants to get to 500,000 by 2020,” said Kelley Blue Book senior analyst Karl Brauer. “Tesla's current stock value assumes the company will hit that number, but the reality of Tesla getting there is difficult to imagine.”
Moreover, Brauer and others said, revenue from the sale of ZEV credits to competing automakers may not be a dependable, long-term revenue stream. Those automakers will earn more credits on their own as
they produce more zero-emissions vehicles themselves.
“To depend on that as a component of your total revenue numbers is dangerous,” Brauer said.
0
A prickly Musk, responding to questions during an analysts' conference call, insisted that the lower production numbers did not reflect declining consumer appetite for the Model S.
“It's not a question of demand,” Musk said repeatedly, adding that orders for the luxury electric vehicle continue to rise in the absence of much encouragement from their manufacturer.
The orders for the Model S are being placed “with no advertising, and no endorsements,” Musk said.
“We don't pay anyone to say they like our product,” he said. “There's a bunch of things we could do to stimulate demand. That is not our problem.”
Tesla's reported loss of $75 million amounts to 60 cents a share. That compares to $38.5 million, or 32 cents, in the same quarter a year earlier.
But on an operating basis, the automaker reported a small profit of $3.2 million, down from $16 million in the same period a year earlier. Those figures allow Tesla to count deferred revenue from a special car sales program that's similar to a lease, and excludes certain interest and compensation expenses.
Cash on hand, the company said, decreased by $304 million to $2.4 billion, due in part to a 28% rise in research and development expenses on the company's Model X, its planned “autopilot” autonomous driving features for future cars, and its development of the all-wheel “dual motor” drive system to be offered on a new Model S variant.
But Tesla fans will have to wait a bit longer for the Model X sport utility, which is expected to use technology similar to the Model S sedan and sell for a similar price tag. In the latest of many delays, the company said it now expects Model X deliveries to start in the third quarter of 2015.
If the Model X does ship in the third quarter, it will be arriving almost a year after it was originally predicted to be available.
And, Musk added, a customer ordering a Model X today could not reasonably expect to receive the vehicle until 2016.
“We're essentially sold out for 2015,” Musk told analysts.
In a statement to shareholders, Tesla cast the delay as a sign of its devotion to quality: “We prefer to forgo revenue, rather than bring a product to market that
does not delight customers.”

Tesla confirms affordable Model 3 for 2017Tesla confirms affordable Model 3 for 2017
Obeche wood interior
Tesla Motors
The Obeche wood interior of the Tesla Model S and the 17-inch touchscreen that allows for Tesla to make vehicular improvements via software updates.
The Obeche wood interior of the Tesla Model S and the 17-inch touchscreen that allows for Tesla to make vehicular improvements via software updates. (Tesla Motors)
By Robert Duffer, Chicago Tribune
Patents, Copyrights and Trademarks Tesla Motors Manufacturing and Engineering Automotive Equipment SUVs and Crossovers Ford Motor Co.
Tesla Motors confirmed plans for a compact all-electric sedan priced at an estimated $35,000 and due in 2017.
The Model 3 will be the third Tesla in the lineup, excluding the discontinued Roadster, and will compete against the BMW i3 plug-in hybrid .
0
Tesla CEO Elon Musk confirmed the model in an interview with the UK’s Auto Express. Musk initially wanted to call it the Model E, but Ford Motor Company owned the trademark. His electrified lineup of the Model S, the Model X crossover which is due in 2015, and the Model E could then be shortened to S-E-X.
He may have been joking.
Instead the Model 3 will be represented with three bars and the Tesla lineup as such: S-III-X.
It’s rumored to be 20 percent smaller and built on a different platform than the S performance sedan and the X crossover, according to Auto Express. Expected to have a 200-mile range, which is nearly 3 times other pure electrics, the Model 3 is expected to be unveiled in 2016 to go on sale for 2017.
Don’t go rushing to any dealerships, though, because Tesla doesn’t use the dealership model and because ambitious plans are typically met by delays in the Land of Elon.
Slated for 2014, the X has been delayed until 2015 to try and perfect the gull wing doors, which are supposed to create easier entry and exit.
I’d be delighted if the expected price, delivery and range remained fact in 2016.  
The Model 3 will be crucial for the revolutionary all-electric automaker and tech company to expand their market share and realize Musk’s vision of sustainable transportation.
Earlier this year, Tesla completed the first leg of its transcontinental supercharging network , which can charge the 265-mile range Model S up to 80 percent in 30 minutes. Internationally, the Model S has hit pavement in 37 countries, including most recently right-sided steering models in Britain. In June, Musk opened patents to the public in another move to capitalize on more electrified automotive sector.

Museum Paintings + Selfies = Pricelessreddit
Some think selfies should be banned in museums. Others see the potential for art.
Danish art director Olivia Muus is taking a new spin on old portraits by simply putting a smartphone in front of their faces. The result is a collection of photos that make the characters appear to be taking selfies. And now, she's starting to compile them in a Tumblr called Museum of Selfies . They're actually pretty cool.
From the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam
Muus, who works at an advertising agency in Copenhagen, told The Huffington Post in an email that she was first inspired to start the project when taking a photo of her friend’s hand in the National Gallery of Denmark.
"I took a picture for fun and liked how this simple thing could change their character completely," Muus told HuffPost. "Going to a museum every now and then can be a big inspiration. It was for me."
From the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam
However, Muus admitted to not being a fan of taking too many selfies herself, but admits "it has happened a few times, as it does for most people nowadays." Really, Muus prefers Instagram. That’s where she first published the photos before she was encouraged to start a Tumblr.
From the National Gallery of Denmark
Some commenters on Reddit expressed concerned over the damage using flash photography could have on the art ( although a myth ). But Muus told HuffPost that all the lighting came from the spotlights above the paintings.
From the Hermitage Amsterdam
Muus said she plans to continue the series as she travels and encourages others to submit their own museum selfies to museumofselfies@gmail.com. Alternatively, you can use the hashtag #museumofselfies on Instagram.
More:

A-Rod Reportedly Confessed Drug Use To DEAreddit
Based on the public statements of all parties involved, Alex Rodriguez would seem to be the person most surprised to learn that Alex Rodriguez confessed to using performance-enhancing drugs as part of the Biogenesis scandal that rocked Major League Baseball.
MLB officials, who initially suspended Rodriguez for 211 games, never seemed to have any doubt that Rodriguez used performance-enhancing drugs received from Tony Bosch and his clinic in South Florida. The New York Yankees, which accepted the punishment levied against their highly-paid third baseman, never seemed to doubt MLB. The only one denying that Rodriguez took or received performance-enhancing drugs from Bosch or Biogenesis was Rodriguez. The three-time American League MVP had vehemently denied reports of his drug use since the Biogenesis scandal broke in early 2013, railed against MLB's subsequent punishment and even threatened to go to federal court to defend himself.
"I have been clear that I did not use performance enhancing substances as alleged in the notice of discipline, or violate the Basic Agreement or the Joint Drug Agreement in any manner," Rodriguez said in a statement issued after an arbitrator reduced his ban to 162 games on Jan. 11, 2014. "And in order to prove it I will take this fight to federal court."
Later that month, Rodriguez reportedly sang a different tune when he met with Drug Enforcement Administration officials. Citing a 15-page report on Rodriguez's meeting with federal agents, the Miami Herald reported on Wednesday that Rodriguez confessed to receiving and using what he believed to be performance-enhancing drugs . In exchange for immunity, Rodriguez reportedly told the DEA that Bosch not only gave him the drugs but also instructed him in how to evade detection by MLB.
“ Rodriguez injected the HGH into his stomach ,” the DEA report stated, according to the Miami Herald. “Rodriguez said Bosch told him the HGH would help with sleep, weight, hair growth, eyesight and muscle recovery.”
The Herald reported that Rodriguez admitted to paying Bosch for testosterone cream, lozenges laced with testosterone and human growth hormone injections.
The Biogenesis scandal began in January 2013 when the Miami New Times published a bombshell report on the clinic and its all-star clients . Citing clinic records, reportedly obtained from a former employee, the Miami New Times linked Rodriguez and several other MLB players to Biogenesis and PED use.
"The purported documents referenced in the story -- at least as they relate to Alex Rodriguez -- are not legitimate," claimed a statement from team A-Rod, obtained by CNN in February 2013 , just days after the Miami New Times' initial report on Biogenesis. "Alex Rodriguez was not Mr. Bosch's patient, he was never treated by him and he was never advised by him."
Following its investigation into Biogenesis, MLB suspended 13 players in August 2013. Twelve players accepted their suspensions and began serving them immediately. Rodriguez was the lone holdout, and vowed to fight his punishment.
"I did nothing. About the Bosch nonsense? Nothing," Rodriguez said during an appearance on Mike Francesa's WFAN radio show in New York in November 2013, just hours after storming out of his own grievance hearing with MLB.
Facing federal investigators in early 2014, Rodriguez reportedly stopped denying something the public had already accepted. According to the Miami Herald, he finally admitted that he had cheated and lied, again .
"If you'd seen the evidence, there was never really any doubt that it was compelling," T.J. Quinn of ESPN said after the Miami Herald published its report on Rodriguez's testimony to the DEA. "And obviously an arbitrator upheld baseball's decision to suspend him for the entire season. But once you're facing federal obstruction charges if you lie to agents, suddenly everything changes."
Read the full report from the Miami Herald .
More:

For Whom the Bell Tollsreddit
For a political veteran, American politics has seemed disjointed and occasionally irrational in recent years.  People are voting against their own interests.  Campaign speeches are often ideological statements designed to appeal to a "base."  And most of all the money.  In the past twenty or thirty years, we have managed to thoroughly corrupt our democratic system through the intricate network of a permanent political class composed of lobbyists, campaign professionals, fund raisers, and the media.
Every generation longs for a better past, often one that never was as good as it seems in memory.  But there was a time when idealism triumphed over power and men and women of good will, often young, entered public service out of a purer motive of doing something for our country.
Mark Udall was one of those.  He came about as close to representing an ideal Colorado Senator as anyone in my lifetime.  He embodies Western culture and values.  He served out of duty not vanity.  He subscribed to the principles of his Party but always put the national interest first.  He operated out of instinct and his instincts were almost always right.  He was not a self-promoter.  That used to be a virtue.  He did what was right.  As of next January he will no longer be Colorado's Senator.
The Udall family has served our nation in various capacities as well as any other family in the West.  They pioneered in making the transition from the age of conservation to the new age of environmental protection.  It is all the same thing.  Mark Udall's opponent derided Mark and his family for their long and distinguished service.  Of course, he did not apply the same standard to the Bush family.  But who said politics was consistent -- or fair.
Regardless of one's party, serious citizens concerned for our country's future should be thinking seriously about where our politics are headed, not just left or right but forward or backward.  Our founders repeatedly said that the greatest danger to the survival of the Republic they created was corruption, corruption being favoring special or narrow interests over the common good.  We are there now and we are increasing the speed with which we become a totally special interest political system.  And, even if my Party had prevailed in this election, I'd be issuing the same warning.  Where the feared corruption is concerned, both Parties are equally guilty.
Most of all, how do uncorrupted political leaders -- and Mark Udall was one -- survive in a corrupt environment?  We must fear that they cannot.  The Supreme Court of the United States, by one vote, has now said that a corporation can spend as much as it wants to achieve its special interest agenda.  Whatever this kind of system is called, it is not the classic republican system to which our founders were committed.
Being free spirited, and largely non-ideological, the American people could well move back toward a progressive agenda in two or four or six years.  That seems to be the pattern and our nation is strong enough to survive these lurches one way or the other.  But what we should be concerned about is whether there will be public spirited and idealistic Americans like Mark Udall willing to swim through the treacherous tides of 21st century politics when the atmosphere is more conducive to that kind of public servant.
Mark Udall is going to be fine.  I hope he finds a leadership role in an organization committed to the preservation and conservation of the West and the protection of our climate and environment.  We should not be concerned for Mark.  We should be concerned for ourselves and for our Republic.
Follow Gary Hart on Twitter: www.twitter.com/gary__hart
More:

Rayudu hits maiden ton as India thrash ordinary Sri LankaMore
Rayudu hits maiden ton as India thrash ordinary Sri Lanka
2nd ODI — Ambati Rayudu scored his first hundred to help India ease past Sri Lanka by six wickets in Ahmedabad.
By Andrew Fidel Fernando | ESPNcricinfo –  Thu 6 Nov, 2014 8:44 PM IST
Tweet
0
Together we can - Rayudu and DhawanIndia 275 for 4 (Rayudu 121*, Dhawan 79) beat Sri Lanka 274 for 8 (Mathews 92*, Sangakkara 61, Akshar 2-39) by six wickets
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Ambati Rayudu hit a chanceless maiden ODI ton, as India ran down Sri Lanka's 275 for 8 with six wickets in hand and 33 balls to spare. Rayudu and Shikhar Dhawan put on 122 runs for the second wicket to set up the chase, and having come to bat in the seventh over, Rayudu was at the crease to hit the winning runs and finish on 121 off 118 balls.
Sri Lanka's bowlers were short on menace, but it had been the batsmen who erred first in the game. Early wickets in their innings made for a measured recovery, and though Angelo Mathews ' unbeaten 92 pushed the score towards credibility, he lacked support from the middle order, as the team finished at least 30 runs light on a flat Motera surface, and with dew set to form later in the evening.
Rayudu arrived just as the Sri Lanka seamers appeared to be hitting a rhythm, but like they had done in the previous ODI, the India batsmen sought to lay low until the seam grew soft and the changes were rung in. Dhawan was handed had a life in the eighth over, when he was on 10. Lahiru Gamage seamed a length ball away and collected his outside edge, but the sound and the clear deviation escaped the umpire's notice, to Sri Lanka's disbelief.
Once the new-ball bowlers had finished their opening spells, the batsmen eased out of their vigil and gradually tightened their grip on the chase. The first acceleration came just as the asking rate clicked over six per over. Rayudu strode down the track to launch Suraj Randiv over long on in the 17th over, establishing what would become one of the major themes of his hundred: the effective use of his feet against the spinners.
By the 20th over, the pair had raised the run rate to above four an over, and the boundaries began to flow more easily. Both batsmen trusted the pace and bounce of the pitch, stepping out to crash balls in the arc between cover and midwicket, and using the crease to hit square when the bowlers were rattled off their lengths. Thisara Perera was blasted for 17 in one over - the most expensive in a seven-over stretch between the 19th and 26th that yielded 69 runs for India. Mathews switched his bowlers almost manically, attempting to tamp blaze that had so quickly grown into a wildfire, but as both batsmen completed half-centuries and surged ahead, India's momentum only grew.
Dhawan was eventually dismissed for 79 off 80, top-edging a sweep to give Seekkuge Prasanna the first of his three wickets, but at 140 for 2 in the 27th over, India were well in control. The new batsman Virat Kohli began to find runs into the outfield almost as easily as Rayudu, and the Sri Lanka bowlers seemed like little more than fodder.
Rayudu surged as he neared his milestone, hitting a remarkable six off a Dhammika Prasad short ball before depositing Randiv over the straight boundary soon after. He clipped one through square leg to breach triple figures for the first time, off 101 balls. The scoring rate only increased after that. Kohli had 49 from 44, before driving one straight to Randiv at cover. Suresh Raina slammed 14 from 6, but the game was long won before he had come in.
Earlier, Kusal Perera's inclusion had failed to ease Sri Lanka's opening woes as Umesh Yadav trapped him in front for a duck, in the first over. Tillakaratne Dilshan and Kumar Sangakkara were visibly short of rhythm in the early overs, but managed to set Sri Lanka off to a start, before two quick wickets fell.
Mathews came to the crease at 64 for 3, and forged a 90-run stand with Sangakkara that was steady, but unremarkable in style. Mathews employed the sweep to good effect, even venturing a slog-swept six off Ashwin in the 20th over, but both batsmen were largely content for the recovery to tick along. When Sangakkara reached his fifty off 73 deliveries, he had struck only three fours.
The Powerplay, taken in the 32nd over, brought the next innings stutter. Sangakkara took aim at a thigh-high Yadav full toss and hit it down an outfielder's throat. Prasanna's innings glinted briefly as he attempted to electrify the innings, but was soon undone playing his favoured sweep.
Sri Lanka continued to lose batsmen as they strove to attack, perhaps in the knowledge that Prasad at No. 10 was capable of helping Mathews see the innings out, but the setbacks muted the Sri Lanka captain. He seemed ready to unleash when he slammed Ravindra Jadeja for three consecutive legside fours, in an over that went for 20, but the back end of his innings was marked by restraint, even with a maiden ODI hundred on the cards.
Prasad's unbeaten 30 off 28 in a ninth-wicket stand saw Sri Lanka finish the innings with some semblance of respectability, but with the Indian batsmen in ace form, the visitors' score was thoroughly inadequate.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Depression deepens  may trigger rains in APDepression deepens, may trigger rains in AP
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Nov 6:  
The Bay of Bengal has worked around a persisting depression, fuelling its growth into a deep depression on Thursday and promising to ramp it up as a tropical cyclone by Friday itself.
India Met Department located the deep depression to 560 km southeast of Visakhapatnam and 690 km south-southeast of Paradip on Thursday afternoon.
Minimal cyclone
It would strengthen to a minimal cyclone, but is forecast to weaken rapidly two rounds to become a depression near the Andhra Pradesh coast by Saturday night. It may trigger moderate rainfall over many districts of Andhra Pradesh on Saturday and Sunday, the Met said.
Squally weather may prevail along the coast.
The weakening phase of the cyclone will be initiated from early morning on Saturday, an outlook from the US Naval Observatory said.
Spookes trackers
According to the US agency, the landfall of the weakened system (likely as a depression) is likely to happen along the coast of Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh.
In fact, the brewing cyclone had spooked all major tracking centres except the US agency which had issued a cyclone formation alert in the Bay from Wednesday evening itself.
It now appears that the Andhra Pradesh coast would likely to have another strong weather system during the first half of the next week.
Wind field projections by India Met Department point to another likely tropical cyclone heading towards the coast by Tuesday/Wednesday in rare back-to-back visitations by Bay of Bengal cyclones. A parent circulation is already taking shape across India’s territorial waters, 537 km southeast of Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Successor storm
The ‘low’ would cross into the Andaman Sea as early as Monday by when it would grow into a depression and head later into the open Bay waters.
Excess rain is confined to the Andhra Pradesh coast and down to the south over Sri Lanka during the week beginning November 12, which coincides with the projected landfall.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

A roadmap for safetyTweet
Car safety standards are important, but we also need to address the larger problem — road traffic safety
The controversy over two more Indian cars, the Maruti Suzuki Swift and the Datsun GO, failing the frontal crash test conducted by the Global New Car Assessment Programe (NCAP), has generated more heat than light. On the one hand, the findings of the NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, have raised concerns in the public mind about the safety of the vehicles. On the other, the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) has roundly criticised the Global NCAP for “scaremongering”, arguing that the protocol followed by it was not designed for India and that the two vehicles more than meet Indian safety standards.
True, the Global NCAP’s crash test was conducted at speeds of 64 kmph against the Indian average of 56 kmph. But the oft-repeated argument by car-makers that the safety issue needs to be addressed from an Indian perspective cannot be legitimately pushed beyond a point. For instance, take the claim that the price versus benefits of airbags are questionable because of our lower average speeds. Apart from the fact that this is a line of reasoning that privileges convenience over safety, the fact that low-cost cars routinely travel at 3-digit speeds on national highways makes a mockery of it.
We have an environment in which car manufacturers are reluctant to build more safety features since such technology is very expensive. Indian consumers are also notoriously resistant to paying more for safety tech. In an environment in which we badly need comprehensive regulations that mandate minimum safety standards, it is welcome that the Centre has announced it will come up with an Indian NCAP. The quality of validation and testing facilities for crash tests currently is woefully inadequate. The setting up of NATRIP (National Automotive Testing and R&D Infrastructure Project) was a start, but nearly a decade later, we still do not have a frontal offset crash test facility. Of course, in a country with nearly a quarter of a million fatalities or critical injuries from road accidents, building safe cars can only be part of the solution. A regulatory environment that focuses on car occupant safety will be skewed when more 75 per cent of all fatalities are of pedestrians and two-wheeler riders. Road traffic safety means a number of things — including better road design, improved pedestrian infrastructure, strict enforcement of speed limits and comprehensive rescue and rehabilitation systems. When vehicle density on roads is constantly increasing, it is imperative to develop a proper monitoring system to ensure that people comply with safety norms. Indian car manufactures met the frontal impact safety norms of 2003 by fitting seat-belts. But what, one may well ask, is the point of this in the absence a strict policing system that demands they be worn?
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Time for another Green RevolutionTime for another Green Revolution
Raju Barwale
Tweet
Green growth Bt cotton has come a long way G SANJEEV REDDY
Now that the gains from the first round have petered out, we need to embrace biotech to boost farm productivity
As India seeks to ignite the next agrarian revolution, it must try and absorb some of the lessons of the Green Revolution. Currently, agricultural productivity and growth vary from State to State, resulting in regional disparities. Through targeted policymaking, investment in rural infrastructure and research, and ongoing support to farmers, we can level out these inequities and ensure that we get it right.
The Green Revolution of the 1960s had a phenomenal impact on food production in India. It resulted in a record grain output of 131 mt in 1978-79 and catapulted our country into the league of the world’s leading grain producers. Similar agricultural techniques implemented globally showed us a way out of food crises in countries across the world.
For example, the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center in Mexico and the International Rice Research Institute in the Philippines developed new high-yielding varieties of wheat and rice that significantly boosted output and alleviated crop shortages in certain parts of the world.
Hitting a plateau
However, the effects of the Green Revolution in India have plateaued since then. Though India is now self-sufficient in many aspects of food production, it still relies on imports for crops such as pulses and oilseeds, where production has not kept pace with demand from a burgeoning population.
The agriculture sector currently lags growth in other fields and the income gap between farmers and non-farmers is widening. Hence, the need of the hour is to infuse fresh energy to drive the next phase of growth in agriculture .
Though the Green Revolution was a game changer, investment in key areas including machinery and irrigation systems to support the cultivation of high yielding crop varieties was not adequate. As a result, the effects of the revolution were not uniform, resulting in imbalanced growth in many regions.
The second agricultural revolution that we now have to ignite should build on the good work initiated by the first one while filling some of its gaps. The goal is not just to make India self-sufficient in food production but to enable surplus production that will allow it to become an exporter of food.
According to the agriculture ministry, India achieved an agricultural growth rate of 3.64 per cent against a target of 4 per cent growth over the 11th Plan period. The increase in total planted area under major crops (foodgrains, oilseeds, cotton, and sugarcane) by around 9 per cent since 2000-01 to 170 million hectares in 2011-12 reflects increased irrigation availability leading to increased cropping intensity.
How to secure food needs
Another fact that would support India’s case to be a major force in world trade is that according to the US department of agriculture, India has emerged as a major agricultural exporter, with exports climbing from just over $5 billion in 2003 to a record of more than $39 billion in 2013.
Ashok Gulati, renowned agricultural economist and chair professor, agriculture, at the Indian Council for Research on International Economic Relations has also called for revolutionary methods to dramatically boost food supply for the nation's 1.2 billion people.
According to the International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas, drylands produce half the country’s cereals, 77 per cent of its oilseeds and 85 per cent of its pulses. Implementation of new and efficient irrigation methods, better watershed management and maintenance of vegetation cover in catchment areas, are all important steps in the quest to match water availability to crop needs, and thus the development of crop varieties tolerant to water stress (abiotic stress) is required to optimise water utilisation.
Good infrastructure is an extremely important factor for agricultural development, as it directly impacts the degree to which farmers can access institutional finance and markets, as well as their ability to boost yield. Agricultural infrastructure has the potential to transform the current landscape of subsistence farming into one defined by modern, commercial farming.
Public investment in infrastructure such as irrigation, power, roads, food storage, watersheds, dams and agricultural research, including agri-biotechnology, will signal a commitment from the Government to transform the face of Indian agriculture and empower our farmers to compete globally. The role of agriculture in improving rural lives and securing India’s food needs should not be underestimated.
Clearly, a priority for the Government should be to refocus policymaking energy on this sector — in terms of providing support and infrastructure. A recent Crisil report predicts that slowdown in other sectors may lead more people to reconsider agriculture as a primary source of income.
Refocus on agriculture
The Government seems to have understood the priorities for the agriculture sector, especially its call for optimum use of water through ‘per drop, more crop’ and need for related research technology to the sector by taking research initiatives from ‘lab to land’ to increase farm productivity.
Also, the Government’s Digital India campaign is another encouraging step to transform India into a digitally empowered society and knowledge economy. eKranti, which is one of the pillars of the campaign that also focuses on technology for farmers with real-time price information, online ordering of inputs, and payment with mobile banking, will enable farmers to take informed decisions.
Biotech food crops are also critical for enabling the success of this next revolution. Although sometimes misrepresented, these crops have been proven to significantly improve yield through high levels of disease and pest resistance, improved weed management, abiotic stress tolerance and nutrient-use efficient crops.
It’s important to note that according to the 2013 report of the International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-biotech Applications, a record 18 million farmers grew biotech crops worldwide and the biotech crops hectares increased more than 100-fold from 1.7 million hectares in 1996, to over 175 million hectares in 2013.
Some 7.3 million Indian farmers cultivated a record 11 million hectares of Bt cotton with an adoption rate of 95 per cent. If all the other necessary inputs and infrastructure are in place, biotech crops can be vital to the kind of sectorial transformation that we have to achieve for meeting our food needs.
The writer is the managing director of Maharashtra Hybrid Seeds Company Ltd (Mahyco)
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Paytm aims to clock USD 1 billion GMV by March next yearEditorial: Reliance Industries goes to Mexico
Mobile commerce firm Paytm is aiming to clock USD 1 billion gross merchandise value (GMV) by March next year on the back of growing smartphone penetration and rising number of customers buying from e-commerce sites.
“We believe by the end of current fiscal, we should be crossing USD 1 billion GMV,” Paytm Chairman and Managing Director Vijay Shekhar Sharma told PTI.
He said growth drivers for the company are smartphone and Internet penetration, besides rising number of consumers opting for purchases from online shops.
The company has already crossed USD 600 million GMV.
The company, which started by offering mobile recharge and utility bill payments, now offers a full marketplace to consumers on its mobile application.
The company, however, still gets 80 per cent of its business from recharge and bill payments and the rest 20 per cent comes from off selling.
Paytm is also raising USD 150 million to fund its growth plans which include increasing the employee strength to 3,600 by the end of next year.
“We have offers that have gone upto USD 250 million…we still believe that our business model requires USD 150 million. So, right now we are raising USD 150 million,” Sharma said.
He said the company plans to have 1 million merchants in the next two years and also add 2,000 employees by December 2015. The firm currently has 1,600 employees.
Paytm has a user base of 22 million which include 15 million mobile wallet customers. It plans to increase the user base to 26 million by the end of this year.
According to industry body IAMAI, the digital commerce market stood at Rs 47,349 crore by the end of 2012 and at the end of December 2013, it grew to Rs 62,967 crore.
As per a Boston Consulting Group report, at present, about 45 per cent of online consumers in India use only their mobile devices to access the Internet and this is expected to rise to 60 per cent over the next three years.
TAGS: Gross Merchandise Value Paytm Paytm Aim
More from companies

Lenovo launches layered Vibe X2 smartphone  prices it at Rs 19 999 on FlipkartChinese tech giant Lenovo today unveiled its new ‘layered’ smartphone, Vibe X2, priced at Rs 19,999 in the country.
It will be available exclusively through eCommerce major Flipkart from November 10.
With a five-inch display, the smartphone has Android KitKat operating system, 13 MP rear camera and 5MP front camera and 2,300 mAh battery.
“Lenovo is innovating in the PC+ era focussing on smartphone growth opportunities. India is a prominent growth market for us,”
Lenovo Group Vice President AP Sales Head JD Howard told reporters here.
The device comes with a unique feature to allow users to click pictures by double tapping on their devices in sleep mode.
Lenovo has recently completed the acquisition of US-based Motorola for USD 2.9 billion. While the company will continue with Motorola brand in the US, it will have both Lenovo and Motorola devices in emerging markets like India.
Specifications
Processor: MediaTek 6595m 2.0 GHz 4G LTE True8Core
Operating System: Android 4.4 KitKat
Dimensions (WxTxH): 68.6mm x 7.27mm x 140.2mm
Weight: 120g
Battery: 2300 mAh (Li-polymer), embedded
Dual SIM
Rear camera: 13 MP auto-focus with LED flash
Front camera: 5 MP fixed-focus
System Memory: 2 GB RAM
Built-in Storage: 32 GB ROM
Connectivity/Radios
4G Network: LTE FDD Band 1/3/7, TDD B40 or LTE FDD Band 1/3/7/30
3G Network: 2100/900 Mhz or 2100/900/850 Mhz
2G Network: GSM 850/900/1800/1900 Mhz
Speed: HSPA+ 150 Mbps (DL) / 50 Mbps (UL)
WLAN: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n/ac, Wi-Fi hotspot. (For 5G Wi-Fi, Band 2 is not supported)
Bluetooth: Bluetooth® 3.0 + 4.1 LE
Display: 5-inch FUllHD (1920x1080p)
TAGS: Flipkart Lenovo Lenovo Vibe X2
More from industry

Could learning music improve grammar skillsCircumcision advised for teenage boys
A child’s ability to distinguish musical rhythm is related to his or her capacity for understanding grammar, according to a new study.
Reyna Gordon from the Vanderbilt Kennedy Centre noted that the study is the first of its kind to show an association between musical rhythm and grammar.
Gordon looks forward to the possibilities of using musical education to improve grammar skills.
For example, rhythm could be taken into account when measuring grammar in children with language disorders.
“This may help us predict who would be the best candidate for particular types of therapy or who’s responding the best,” she said.
“Is it the child with the weakest rhythm that needs the most help or is it the child that starts out with better rhythm that will then benefit the most?” said Gordon.
Gordon studied 25 typically developing 6-year-olds, first testing them with a standardised test of music aptitude.
A computer programme prompted the children to judge if two melodies – either identical or slightly different – were the same or different.
Next, the children played a computer game that the research team developed called a beat-based assessment. The children watched a cartoon character play two rhythms, then had to determine whether a third rhythm was played by “Sammy Same” or “Doggy Different.”
To measure the children’s grammar skills, they were shown a variety of photographs and asked questions about them.
They were measured on the grammatical accuracy of their answers, such as competence in using the past tense.
Though the grammatical and musical tests were quite different, Gordon found that children who did well on one kind tended to do well on the other, regardless of IQ, music experience and socioeconomic status.
To explain the findings, Gordon suggested first considering the similarities between speech and music – for example, they each contain rhythm.
In grammar, children’s minds must sort the sounds they hear into words, phrases and sentences and the rhythm of speech helps them to do so.
In music, rhythmic sequences give structure to musical phrases and help listeners figure out how to move to the beat.
Perhaps children who are better at detecting variations in music timing are also better at detecting variations in speech and therefore have an advantage in learning language, she said.
The study was published in the journal Developmental Science.
TAGS: Music Improve Grammar Skills Music Improve Grammar Skills Study Study On Learning Music Improve Grammar Skills
More from health
Key protein may contribute to wound healing, tumour growth A key protein may allow for a new way to use the immune system to speed healing and counter inflammatory...

Worlds fastest elevators race to the topElevators race to top as technology matches skyscraper growth
Tanya Powley, Manufacturing Correspondent and John Burn-Murdoch, Interactive Data Journalist
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1392ab72-64e2-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECB ready to inject 1tn extra liquidityEuropean Central Bank united on €1tn liquidity injection
Claire Jones in Frankfurt and Ferdinando Giugliano in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2a6a4896-65aa-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Euro at 2-year low after Draghi comments© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/428d17ca-6562-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fed eyes first rate rise after end to QEFed eyes first rate rise after end to QE
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c778256a-5f95-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Silicon Valley prepares to take on spooksNovember 6, 2014 1:45 pm
Silicon Valley ready to fight back against intelligence agencies
Richard Waters
Technology companies have the public on their side for now but they are in a precarious position
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/693a547e-659d-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tata Communications Partners Google for Cloud Computing ServicesYou are here: Home Corporates
Tata Communications Partners Google for Cloud Computing Services
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 21:30 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Global internet solutions provider Tata Communications said on Thursday that it has become an authorised partner for Google Cloud Platform.
Under the terms of this agreement, Google's new service - Google Cloud Interconnect - will connect with Tata Communications' IZO Public platform that enables companies to set up their cloud computing facility.
"Together with Google, we are committed in creating an ecosystem to make the internet fit for business to address how businesses use the Internet to connect to the cloud in a secure and predictable way," Julie Woods-Moss, CEO of Tata Communications' NextGen Business, said in a statement.
Cloud platform offers access to computing facility like storage or software on pay as per use model instead of buying the full product at one go. Most of the companies are now accessing software and storage through cloud business model to reduce their expenses as per business needs.
Large corporates generally make their own private network due to their requirement of high speed access and delivery of data as well as to keep their data secure.
Tata Communications has already partnered with Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure for IZO platform. The company launched IZO platform last week in 34 countries and plans to expand it to 100 countries by 2016.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 18:05 (IST)

Axis Bank Inks Pact With South Korean LenderYou are here: Home Corporates
Axis Bank Inks Pact With South Korean Lender
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 21:47 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Axis Bank has signed a pact with NongHyup Bank (NH Bank) to enhance cooperation in treasury, trade and other business between India and South Korea.
"The MoU, will serve to strengthen existing ties between the two banks and will help facilitate and enhance cooperation in the areas of treasury, srade and other business," the private sector lender
said in a release.
The pact aims to reinforce trade and economic relationship between South Korea and India, and will promote mutual development through business cooperation.
"Korea trade partnership is growing at a robust pace...this MoU will go a long way in cementing the relationship between both banks. This partnership would act as a bridge between customers of two banks," Sidharth Rath, president-treasury, business banking and capital markets at Axis Bank, said in the statement.
NH Bank is one of the largest banks in South Korea with an asset base of $185 billion.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 19:07 (IST)

Exuberance is not just for RepublicansMidterm rational exuberance is not just for US Republicans
Gillian Tett
If a few tangible policy changes emerge from Capitol Hill, it is possible animal spirits will return
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f6c53480-5e9f-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India humble Lanka by six wicketsPrint
Shikhar Dhawan set the tone with a brisk 79 at the top of the order (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:31 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 9:39 pm
Ambati Rayudu slammed his maiden hundred as India produced yet another comprehensive batting performance to beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in the second One Day International. India now lead five-match series 2-0. 
SCORECARD: India vs Sri Lanka
Batting first, Sri Lanka scored 274 for eight in stipulated 50 overs with skipper Angelo Mathews scoring 92. In reply, India never looked in any sort of trouble as they chased down the target with minimum fuss in only 44.3 overs.
With Virat Kohli promoting him at No 3, the 29-year-old Rayudu justified his skipper’s faith scoring an unbeaten 121 off 118 balls with the help of 10 fours and four sixes in an innings that was paced perfectly.
He shared two fruitful partnerships off 122 runs for the second wicket with Shikhar Dhawan (79) and 116 for the third wicket with Kohli (49) as ‘Men In Blue’ again made the inexperienced Sri Lankan bowling attack look pedestrian.
Fittingly enough, it was Rayudu, who finished the match with an inside out boundary off leggie Seekkuge Prasanna. With this century, 29-year-old Rayudu became the fourth oldest Indian batsman to score his maiden ton in ODIs after Sunil Gavaskar, Mohinder Amarnath and Robin Singh.
Growing in confidence after reaching his half century, Rayudu lofted Dhammika Prasad for his third six when in the 80s, then confidently smote off spinner Suraj Randiv for another maximum in his 90s before reaching the coveted landmark with a single to square leg.
Rayudu’s previous highest was 64 not out made in England at Nottingham in August as he showed a lot of maturity during his innings.
Having taken two catches and also effected a run-out, Rayudu deservingly won the man-of-the-match award.
The Guntur-born batsman first steadied the ship after the cheap dismissal of Ajinkya Rahane to stitch the first century stand with Dhawan, whose 79 off 80 balls was laced with 1 six and 7 fours.
The two teams now head to Hyderabad for the third match of the series to be played on November 9.
Earlier, skipper Mathews struck a fighting 92 to lift a struggling Sri Lanka to 274 for eight after being pting to bat on a slowish Motera track.
The visitors lost early wickets but Mathews’ unbeaten innings laced with 10 fours and a six – and Kumar Sangakkara’s useful 61 took the side to respectability. The duo stitched a crucial 90-run fourth-wicket partnership after Lanka were struggling at 64 for three.
With the visitors being reduced to 220 for eight in the 44th over, Mathews got support from number-ten batsman Dhammika Prasad and the duo stitched a valuable 54-run unbeaten partnership to give the islanders the necessary push in the end.
Indian pace spearhead Umesh Yadav (2-54) struck with two important wickets before spinners Ravichandran Ashwin (2-49) and young left-arm spinner Axar Patel (2-39) took charge to hurt the Sri Lankan batting.
Ravindra Jadeja, brought into the side for injured Varun Aaron, disappointed though he took a wicket with his slow left-arm spin as he conceded 64 runs.
Ishant Sharma bowled well initially but gave away runs in the last over to conceded 58 runs without any success while Yadav (2 for 54) bowled a bit too short or too wide at times.
India fielded well with Ambati Rayudu picking up two catches, besides effecting a run-out.
Sri Lanka commenced on a poor note when Kusal Perera, who had replaced Upul Tharanga, fell to the sixth ball of the match when he played across and was trapped leg before by Umesh Yadav.
Dilshan, at the other end, batted aggressively and took ten runs with the help of two successive fours in speedster Yadav’s second over.
The seasoned batsman then hit Ashwin for four successive fours in the bowler’s first over, and tenth of the innings, to give the innings some momentum as the Lankan total reached 50.
However, he tried to cut an arm ball fired into the stumps by Patel in the very next over and lost his stumps after having added 51 runs for the second wicket with Sangakkara. He also hit 7 fours in making 35 off 30 balls.
Ashwin, then, made amends for his first-over profligacy by inducing the other senior batsman in the line-up, Mahela Jayawardene, to flick straight to mid wicket fielder Ambati Rayudu – who took a diving catch – to leave Lanka struggling.
The two dismissals arrested the run-rate and Sangakkara and captain Mathews eschewed risky shots and started the innings rebuilding process.
Mathews slog-swept Ashwin over mid-wicket for a six, but otherwise both batsmen were content in pushing the ball into gaps and taking runs.
The innings 100 was raised in 21.2 overs before 37-year-old Sangakkara reached his 87th half century in his 352nd game off 73 balls.
Lanka took the batting power play after 31 overs and India struck thrice during this set play period while the visitors put on 30 runs.
The big breakthrough for India came when Sangakkara surprisingly hit a full toss from Yadav, bowling his second spell, straight to the mid on fielder.
Sangakkara’s 61 came off 86 balls and had just four fours in it and the 90-run stand he figured in with captain Mathews in 111 balls restored the faltering innings.
Then the inexperienced Seekkuge Prasanna hit a six off Ishant and a leg-side four off Ravindra Jadeja before top-edging a sweep off the left arm bowler, who replaced injured Varun Aaron in the eleven, to deep fine leg fielder Rayudu.
Four balls later the fielder again did some smart work to run out Ashan Priyanjan at the non-striker’s end from deep mid wicket after the batsman responded to a call from captain Mathews for the second run.
Lanka were left struggling at 179 for six at the end of the power play.
However, some wayward bowling by Jadeja – who was hit for three leg-side fours by Mathews and a straight six by Thisara Perera in the 40th over of the innings and the left arm bowler’s 9th as Lanka moved to 205 for 6 after 40 overs.
Patel dismissed Perera in the next over as the batsman attempted an almighty heave to leg and lost his stumps to give the Indian newcomer his second wicket.
Mathews did not have enough support from the lower order as Suraj Randiv was bowled by Ashwin without having a clue about facing the bowler.
The medium pacers came back at the death and proved expensive as Lanka added 46 runs in the last 5 overs.

OECD Cuts 2014 Growth Forecast for IndiaYou are here: Home Economy
OECD Cuts 2014 Growth Forecast for India to 5.4 Per Cent
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 22:44 (IST)
More Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Paris/New Delhi: Revising its forecast downwards, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) on Thursday projected a 5.4 per cent growth for the Indian economy this year as global recovery continues at a moderate pace.
Earlier in September, the Paris-based think tank had projected a growth rate of 5.7 per cent for India.
"Growth will strengthen in India as investment picks up, from a 5.4 per cent rate in 2014 to 6.4 per cent in 2015 and 6.6 per cent in 2016," according to the advanced G20 release of the OECD's latest Economic Outlook.
A number of business-friendly measures have been adopted over the past few months in India, OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurria said. "Growth is strengthening in India."
OECD is a grouping of 34 countries. India's economic growth accelerated to 5.7 per cent in April-June quarter, much better than 4.7 per cent in the same quarter of previous fiscal year.
The government expects growth in the current fiscal year (2014-15) to be between 5.4 per cent and 5.9 per cent. The economy grew by sub-5 per cent in 2012-13 and 2013-14.
It said that the global economy remains stuck in low gear, but is expected to accelerate gradually if countries implement growth-supportive policies.
Widening differences across countries and regions are adding to the major risks on the horizon, it added.
"We have yet to achieve a broad-based, sustained global expansion, as investment, credit and international trade remain hesitant," Mr Gurria said while launching the outlook in the run-up to the G20 Leaders' Summit that will take place on 15-16 November in Brisbane.
Financial risks remain high and may increase market volatility in the coming period, he said adding there is an increasing risk of stagnation in the euro area.
"Countries must employ all monetary, fiscal and structural reform policies at their disposal to address these risks and support growth," Mr Gurria said.
Global GDP growth is projected to reach a 3.3 per cent rate in 2014 before accelerating to 3.7 per cent in 2015 and 3.9 per cent in 2016, as per the outlook.
This pace is modest compared with the pre-crisis period and somewhat below the long-term average. It is also slightly lower than the last OECD forecast in September.
Among the major advanced economies, it said that recovery remains robust in the US, which is projected to grow by 2.2 per cent in 2014 and around 3 per cent in 2015 and 2016.
"Growth in the euro area is expected to pick up slowly, from 0.8 per cent in 2014 to 1.1 per cent in 2015 and 1.7 per cent in 2016," it added.
It also said China is rebalancing its economy while trying to achieve a controlled slowdown to more sustainable growth rates, and is projected to grow at around 7 per cent over the 2015-16 period, down slightly from 7.4 per cent in 2014.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 21:55 (IST)

Modified LPG Subsidy Scheme to be in 54 Districts From November 15You are here: Home Industries
Modified LPG Subsidy Scheme to be in 54 Districts From November 15
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 21:40 (IST)
Government May Make PAN Must for Registering Charitable Trusts
New Delhi: A modified direct cash subsidy transfer scheme for LPG consumers will be launched in 54 districts from November 15 and all over the country from January 1.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has reviewed preparedness for the launch of the Direct Benefit Transfer scheme for LPG (DBTL) in four of the 54 districts, an official statement said.
The review with district authorities was done through video conference.
"During the conference, the officials of the oil marketing companies, nationalised banks were also present along with district authorities," it said.
The minister laid emphasis on coordination among all the units for effective implementation of the scheme and smooth and flawless receipt of LPG subsidy by consumers in their bank accounts.
Under the scheme, LPG consumers will get cash subsidy in their bank accounts so they can buy a cooking gas cylinder at market price.
Mr Pradhan also discussed the issues pertaining to difficulties in the earlier scheme, the statement said, without elaborating.
This was a second such conference held by the minister for smooth implementation of the scheme, which is being launched from November 15 2014 in 54 districts and all over the country by January 1 2015, it added.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 20:29 (IST)

NC Officials Host Closed Meeting on Oil DrillingAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Fewer Americans Filed for Unemployment Benefits
China and India s Next Rivalry: Energyreddit
With two of the fastest growing economies in the world, India and China are racing towards securing resources they need to sustain their economic growth. The two countries are expected to account for the largest demand of energy resources between now and 2035, according to a report by BP, and have been working diligently to secure new sources of energy -- India has held discussions with Saudi Arabia over increased cooperation in the oil sector, and China recently signed a major energy agreement with Russia.
China's energy security also relies on independent exploration of new sources, often in regions that are disputed. This past summer, China National Petroleum Company (CNPC) moved an oil rig into waters near Paracel Islands , which are claimed by both the Chinese and Vietnam. Having fought a bloody war over the islands in 1974, this was seen by Hanoi as hostile, raising tensions in the region and catalyzing anti-Chinese protests throughout Vietnam. CNPC finally moved its rig after the company announced that it had collected necessary data, which it would then assess.
But frictions for China have turned into opportunities for India. At the conclusion of meetings between Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi last week, the two countries announced a slate of economic partnerships , including one that gives India the rights for exploration of energy sources in territory claimed by Vietnam in the South China Sea. India has also promised to sell Vietnam four patrol vessels, improving Vietnam's ability to defend itself from future Chinese incursions.
The Chinese, unsurprisingly, have responded with anger to the announcement. An editorial in the state-owned Global Times argued that, "Since Hanoi is fully aware that it has no chance to win in a face-to-face confrontation with China, it has to rely on the strength of other major powers," going on to argue that Hanoi needed India and the US to back it against the Chinese. The government also warned India against taking up Vietnam on the agreement to explore for energy in the disputed South China Sea.
By aligning themselves with India to balance against the Chinese, Vietnam has helped reinforce a rivalry with significant historical roots. The two nations fought a bloody war in 1962, have consistently been at odds over the Dalai Lama, and have remained in a constant state of tension over their shared border. More recently, both India and China mobilized troops along the border in one of the most confrontational standoffs in recent history. And just last week , Chinese troops pushed into Indian territory along the Pangong Lake, further heightening tensions. But as the two countries stake their claims as rising global powers and move to secure continued economic growth and development, rivalries that are centered on economics, instead of border disputes, will become more common.
Prime Minister Modi came to power in this year's election on a platform that was built around economics. Since coming to power, he has recognized the role of energy in contributing to growth, and has made difficult decisions in the process -- on October 18th, diesel-fuel prices became deregulated, while natural gas prices were raised. The elimination of fuel subsidies is expected to save the government between 0.3-0.4 percent of its GDP , improving India's overall fiscal outlook.
Modi has also been active in identifying and securing new sources of energy consumption for India. Since coming to office in May, the prime minister has been on a foreign policy frenzy, meeting with several dozen heads of state to bolster India's economic outlook. As a result, the Indian government has signed a number of strategic energy deals with countries around the world, including Japan, Australia and Finland. While its agreement with Vietnam may come as a nuisance to Beijing, it is consistent with the administration's larger economic ambitions.
Following the announcement of the agreement, Modi tweeted that the government had "promptly & purposefully intensified engagement in Asia Pacific region, which is critical to India's future", making it clear that these ambitions will not subside soon. Consequently, China should expect heightened competition from India in the region going forward. Other countries may seek to take advantage of this layer of the Sino-Indian rivalry by partnering with India to balance against an increasingly assertive China, just as Vietnam has. How the Chinese will respond, considering their ambitions in the region and their own need for resources will shape the future dynamics of Asia. Nonetheless, it is clear that the rivalry between India and China, once centered on border issues, has moved towards a new phase -- one driven by an insatiable appetite for energy and resources.
Follow Aziz Nayani on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AzizNayani
More:

Infosys to hire 2 100 in the US over one yearInfosys to hire 2,100 in the US over one year
Our Bureau
Will employ 1,500 professionals and 600 graduates
Bangalore, November 6:  
Infosys, the country’s second-ranked IT services firm, will hire close to 2,100 in the US as it seeks to bolster its position in its biggest market and regain its status as the sector’s bellwether.
The move will also help the Bangalore-based company, which gets over half its revenue from North America, tackle the tightening visa regime and other regulatory hurdles in the US.
The company plans to hire 1,500 professionals for consulting, sales and delivery during the current financial year. In addition, it will hire close to 600 Bachelors and Masters graduates from US universities over the next 12 months.
With this, Infosys will boost its expertise in client relationship management, consulting and technical delivery.
Infosys will recruit up to 300 management and technology graduates from leading US universities to work across multiple technology domains, including digital, big data, analytics and cloud. Up to 180 graduates will be recruited into the Infosys consulting practice in the US and will join existing teams advising clients on business and technology transformation strategies.
“We believe in hiring professionals who will help us build a next-generation services company,” said Peggy Tayloe, Head of Human Resources in Americas, Infosys. Infosys will also continue its global recruitment programme of hiring MBA graduates from leading business schools, and recruit 100 Masters graduates for its sales teams under this initiative.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Govt to pick coal blocks for public sector units in 10 daysGovt to pick coal blocks for public sector units in 10 days
Richa Mishra / Debabrata Das
At least 20 may go to State, Central companies
New Delhi, November 6:  
The Coal Ministry will within 10 days decide on the number of blocks it wants to keep out of the auction pool for government companies.
Of the 74 blocks expected to go under the hammer, at least 20 may be reserved for State and Central public sector undertakings. The number of blocks to be reserved for government entities and for auctioning are being worked out, said Anil Swarup, Secretary, Ministry of Coal.
Of the 204 blocks de-allocated after a Supreme Court order, 42 are operational (almost 20 belong to State Government companies) and 32 are ready to start production. There has been no activity in the remaining 130.
Reserve price
But the blocks will not come free for the public sector entities. The Government is in the process of fixing the reserve price based on the valuation of the property and the price of imported coal, among other factors.
“The modalities thereof are being worked out,” said the Secretary.
For the e-auction, Swarup said the Government will prioritise allocations according to the users: power, steel, and cement. Considering the crisis that it is facing, the power sector will get top priority. The Ministry expects to complete the entire process by November 24.
Of the 218 blocks allocated between 1993 and 2010 to both public and private sectors, 12 were given to ultra mega power projects. The Supreme Court had exempted these 12 blocks and one each of NTPC and Steel Authority of India.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Hip and Healthy wins the raceHip and Healthy wins the race
Harish Bhat
Tweet
Products that are both trendy and healthful are proving to be winners
In my previous column in this newspaper (“Shopping in London”, 24th October 2014), I had highlighted some key observations from my walk through the streets of London. In particular, I had spoken about how Japanese food appears to be gaining hugely in popularity in that large metropolis. Japanese restaurants with exotic names such as Yo Sushi, Wasabi Bento and Sushi, and Wagamama seem to be mushrooming all over London, and draw very good footfalls most of the time. I had also spoken about stalls selling tender coconuts – which are shrinkwrapped, and punched open on the spot for consumers - have come up on Oxford Street, arguably one of the most fashionable shopping streets of the city.
Several readers of this column, some of whom have lived in London, have written to me thereafter, describing very positively and passionately their own experiences with Japanese food. One of them says – “The concept in Yo Sushi is simply marvellous and unique. A conveyor belt moves individual portions of sushi in multi-coloured bowls. You can pick up whatever you like and eat it, as many portions as you like.” Perhaps people eat many, many portions of such Japanese sushi not just because each portion is small, but also because they are reassured that this food, based on raw fish, seaweed and steamed rice, is very healthy, and does not contain too many calories either. But in the first place, they also choose this cuisine because Japanese food is also perceived as being trendy, exotic and hip – and not merely healthy.
This combination of “hip and healthy” products is perhaps the same driver that attracts people walking down Oxford Street to stop and sip tender coconut water from its original shells, even if they have to dish out a relatively very high price (Four UK pounds or approximately Four Hundred Rupees) for each coconut. Closer home, it is the same lure of “hip and healthy” that makes Indian consumers drink Tetley or Lipton green tea, instead of their regular cup of tea with milk and sugar. This has made green tea one of the fastest growing beverage categories in our country today. It is now increasingly available in offices, in small and large restaurants, and in many of our homes – which is a suprising new trend in a country that has always been in love with its traditional masala chai.
The underlying driver for Hip & Healthy
What is the underlying driver for the success of these products and brands which combine trendiness and healthfulness ? As always, the answer lies in a simple human insight. A large segment of modern consumers want to be trendy, and in keeping with fashion. Being hip is important for their own self-esteem, their youthfulness (everyone wants to look young these days), and for their status in society. They are therefore always on the lookout for products, ranging from apparel to food to beauty products to sports shoes, which keep them in step with trends, or, in some cases, even a little ahead.
Simultaneously, an increasingly large segment of modern consumers are also becoming conscious of the need to keep healthy and fit, in the midst of their stressful and fast paced lives. This is driven by superfit role models from the world of movies and sports, as well as increasing media attention to the subject of lifestyle diseases, health and fitness.
It is my hypothesis that there is a large overlap between these two consumer segments, particularly amongst urban upper-middle class and affluent Indians. These urban uppers and affluents are therefore strongly attracted by products which offer them a combination of both benefits, hipness and health (in short, “H&H”).
Two-way H&H migration
Many products and brands have take note of this “H&H” movement, and some categories are sensing that this may well become a defining trend for the future. As a result, there is an interesting brand and product migration that has been happening, both ways. Healthy products have been trying to become hip, whereas hip products have been trying equally hard to become healthy. Here are a few examples, which illustrate this trend very well.
Waters and cold beverages
Bottled waters such as Bisleri and Aquafina have always been perceived to be healthy and safe, particularly in a country like India where tap water is not safe to drink. But premium bottled waters which have recently made their appearance across India have also attempted to add huge hipness quotient to this health-focused category. It is now trendy to be drinking a Perrier or Danone Blue or Himalayan source bottled water from their designer bottles. And interestingly, some of these hip premium waters are also pushing the health benefit even further, through the unique combination of minerals that they contain.
On the other end of the cold beverages spectrum, carbonated soft drinks, such as Coke and Pepsi, have always been seen as trendy and youthful. They have carefully and consciously cultivated this image for decades, through their marketing campaigns and rockstar brand ambassadors. Now, they clearly sense the need to add a big dash of health to such hipness. Coke’s recent launch of Fruit Water is a step in this “H&H” direction. A carbonated, fruit-flavoured water, Coke’s Fruit Water is perceived as significantly healthier than many mainstream carbonated soft drinks whose recipes are based on non-natural ingredients and lots of sugar.
Cosmetics and beauty products
Most brands of cosmetics and beauty products have typically been trendy and glamorous at their core, and this has been the single largest driver of their appeal. The images of trendy beauty associated with famous names such as Lakme, Revlon, Chanel and Maybelline are well entrenched in our minds. However, this entire category now appears to be rapidly migrating towards the centre of “H&H”, incorporating strong doses of health in its products. Witness the success in India of brands such as Himalaya and Forest Essentials, which are trendy in their own right, but claim to bring the age-old healthful recipes of Ayurveda to the business of beauty. Or the example of Lakme’s Fruit Moisture, which brings the modern science of healthy nutritive moisture technology to beauty and skincare, while firmly protecting the hipness quotient of this brand and product.
Fast food
Fast food, typically considered trendy and affordable, has also been lurching strongly towards health. Leading fastfood brands such as McDonalds have made concerted (though admittedly not entirely successful) efforts in this direction, by introducing healthier offerings such as premium salads, healthy gourmet wraps and low cholesterol optons. In the recent past, the incredible growth of fast and relatively healthy casual restaurants in the United States further emphasizes this trend. These include relatively new restaurant brands such as Chipotle Mexican Grill, Panera Bread, Qdoba Mexican Grill and Baja Fresh - many of which offer fresh food (rather than the processed food associated with fastfood joints) prepared using healthy cooking techniques such as grilling, at affordable price points. They are hip because of their choice of exotic cuisines and categories, whereas the higher nutritional content of their fresh offerings ensures that they are healthy.
Other categories
Think about this trend a little more deeply, and you will discover that in a number of other diverse categories – such as shoes, clothing, home and office furniture – there is a clear move towards brands that are both hip and healthy. Leading brands in these categories, such as Nike, New Balance and Ikea, are all migrating from their respective starting positions to the “H&H” space. We are, slowly but surely, moving towards a hip and healthy world.
********
(The author acknowledges valuable inputs from Chitra Chatterjee and Anjuli Pandit, Tata Sons, in the writing of this article.)
(Harish Bhat is Member, Group Executive Council, Tata Sons. He is also author of the bestseller book “Tata Log : Eight modern stories from a timeless Institution”. These are his personal views. He can be reached at bhatharish@hotmail.com )
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Power sector can attract $250 b by 2019: GoyalPower Minister Piyush Goyal with Chairman of Bharti Enterprises Sunil Bharti Mittal at the India Economic Summit, in the Capital on Thursday. RAMESH SHARMA
Union Minister for Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy, Piyush Goyal. (file photo)
Renewable sector set to get $100 billion
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
The power sector has the potential to attract $250 billion investments over the next five years, said Piyush Goyal, Minister of Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy.
Speaking at the World Economic Forum’s India Economic Summit 2014 here on Thursday he said, “Over the next five years, the Indian power sector would provide an investment potential of $250 billion of which $100 billion will come into the renewable energy sector and $50 billion for the transmission networks,” said Goyal.
Transmission lines
“We want clean energy and we don’t want a situation where certain States have excess power but can’t give it to deficit States due to the lack of transmission lines,” he added. Talking about power sector issues at the event, the Minister said India’s power needs is expected to double sometime during the next five years and the aim is to double current generation capacity by 2019.
“Right now we produce one trillion units a year and the aim is to take it to two trillion by 2019. But, to do it there are challenges of fuel supply and ensuring how to increase the share of renewable.
“Till now renewables only produce six per cent of the total number of units. Stranded gas-based power plants also need to be revived,” said Goyal.
The Supreme Court verdict of September 24 de-allocated 204 coal blocks given to companies between 1993 and 2010 putting pressure on the Government to ensure fuel supply to power plants.
The Government has since promulgated an ordinance to allow for e-auctioning coal blocks in order to ensure continuity of production from these blocks after March 31, 2015.
Also, the Government announced a new price for domestically produced natural gas on October 18.
These steps will take care of fuel supply concerns and the focus will now be to revive gas-based power plants, said Goyal.
On renewable and clean energy, he said that the focus of the Government is to improve the bankability of solar power purchase agreements as subsidies are a thing of the past.
Solar push
“With interest rates coming down, stability in the foreign exchange rate to help hedging, the cost of capital for renewable projects will come down. The target of solar generation has also been increased to 100,000 MW by 2022,” said the Minister.
He added that high tax paying corporates like NTPC and Coal India can invest in the renewable sector and get the benefit of tax incentives for those investments.
On nuclear projects, Goyal said that India is being cautious about nuclear power plants as the lifecycle cost of a plant is not yet clear.
“I hear that US and Europe are also not developing new nuclear power plants. We are cautious about it as we don’t want to be saddled with an old asset in the garb of alternate energy,” he added.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Your child may not be safe onlineYour child may not be safe online
KV KURMANATH
Uninor report highlights threat from online bullying and stalking
Hyderabad, November 6:  
Cyber security and the vulnerability of children to cyber-bullying, sadly, are not topics that arouse much attention. The findings of a survey by Telenor and the Boston Consulting Group, should, however, make all and sundry sit up and take notice.
Children are being bullied, stalked, humiliated and insulted, while parents and teachers aren’t doing enough to teach them how to use the Internet safely, says the Telenor-BCG report.
The 28-page study was carried out to assess the impact of Uninor’s WebWise programme in 29 schools across the country. It found that children in India face the worst-risk combination of high access and low resilience among 12 countries assessed.
Compromising on safety
“About 53 per cent of children in India have been cyber bullied. Though the Internet spread like wildfire, our ability to be resilient to cyber harm has not kept pace. This is the root cause of compromised cyber security,” the report said.
Uninor’s WebWise workshops, conducted from March to May, focussed on teaching children, teachers and parents about the dangers that lurk on the Internet and how to be secure. About 10,000 students in the 13-15 age group were covered by the programme.
The telecom service provider now plans to reach out to 15,000 students by adding more schools to the programme.
The study studied the pre- and post-workshop behaviour of children online. A significant number of students confessed that they were using the same password for different Internet activities.
The fact that Facebook admitted that there were 83 million fake profiles on the network shows the potential threat to people.
“The constantly infiltrated cyber space has put young surfers under direct threat. Hacking, cyber stalking, cyber bullying and privacy invasions can cause psychological or physical harm to children,” the report said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Aditya Mittal to face first litmus test in ArcelorMittalHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Aditya Mittal to face first ‘litmus test’ in ArcelorMittal
Richa Mishra/Debabrata Das
Aditya Mittal, Chief Financial Officer
Company to announce Q3 results today
New Delhi, November 6:  
Thirty-eight-year-old Aditya Mittal will face his first ‘litmus test’ on Friday, as the investment fraternity expects him to spell out ArcelorMittal’s long-term outlook after the third quarter earnings.
The whole debate started after Sudhir Maheshwari, seen as a close confidante of steel baron Lakshmi N Mittal, put in his papers. Till now a frontline person in the Group, Maheshwari will leave on March 31, 2015.
Insiders say Maheshwari, the man responsible for major mergers and acquisitions (M&As) of the Group, was also a guiding force for Aditya, who himself was part of these decisions. Butthe young scion has always been low-key.
An ArcelorMittal spokesperson told Business Line: “…ArcelorMittal has very strong succession planning in place to ensure a smooth transition when any executive leaves the group or retires. The Group Management Board spends two days each year discussing this topic in detail, to ensure that there are always three or four people being developed for every management position within the company.” 
In the case of Maheshwari, his roles and responsibilities will be shared between a number of senior managers who have been with the group for years, so his departure will have minimal operational impact, the spokesperson said. For example, M&A will now be headed by Ondra Otradovec, 46, Vice-President of M&A, who joined the company 11 years ago from HSBC and has been closely involved with all acquisitions during that period. 
Challenges
Aditya Mittal, who is the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and CEO of ArcelorMittal Europe, responsible for Flat Carbon Europe, Long Carbon Europe and distribution solutions, faces not only financial challenges of the Group, but will also have to take together two generations of human resources, say those tracking the company.
In Europe and North America, the Group’s average employee age is in the range of 42-50. The Group has proprietary workforce planning tool developed and tested in 2013 and is undergoing a pilot phase in 2014. The clear focus is on youth.
Typically, the third quarter (ending September 30), is a weak quarter for ArcelorMittal across the group’s business in Europe, Brazil and South Africa. The company follows calendar year. Though little is available in public domain about the Group’s long-term plan, the spokesperson said there is constant dialogue with the analysts and investors who follow the Group.
“On the occasion of our third quarter results, we will, as always, share the quarterly numbers and provide comments on the market and outlook for the next quarter as well as discuss key issues and developments for the business,” the spokesperson said.Investors are also watching whether Aditya Mittal will focus on certain geographies only or open his cards on India. ArcelorMittal has been maintaining that it will establish a primary production presence in India only if it makes strategic sense for the overall group.
Global analysts like HSBC IB, Jefferies International, JP Morgan, and Bank of America Merrill Lynch, whom Business Line spoke to said they expect more clarity to emerge on the Group’s future outlook over the coming quarters. However, all are unanimous in stating that Aditya Mittal has been groomed well in his role as Chief Financial Officer.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Sri Lankan central bank chief pitches for an FI for SAARCSri Lankan central bank chief pitches for an FI for SAARC
Tomojit Basu
Ajith Nivard Cabraal, governor of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka’s Central Bank Governor urges Bank to further financial inclusion at WEF summit
New Delhi, Nov. 6:  
With the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit slated to be held in Kathmandu this month, talk of a regional financial institution for the organisation’s eight members have been gathering pace. On Thursday, Ajith Nivard Cabraal, Governor of Sri Lanka’s Central Bank, stated that he was optimistic about a favourable outcome on the question of a SAARC Development Bank at the summit which will be held on November 26-27.
“We’ve (Sri Lanka) supported it from when it was first mooted, I certainly hope to see a positive result in Kathmandu. It’s finally up to the leaders but I believe it will yield positive results for the region,” said Cabraal, on the sidelines of an India Economic Summit session, co-organised by the World Economic Forum and the Confederation of Indian Industry.
Business Line had reported earlier that India had been exploring the creation of an Exim Bank window to fund infrastructure projects in South Asia. The idea, along the lines of the $100 million BRICS New Development Bank, had been proposed by India at a ministerial meeting in Bhutan in July to finance low-cost infrastructure projects in the region.
Inclusive finance
On the question of a consensus, Cabraal said, “The important thing is that the line of thinking is similar in the region and a lot of gravity is being placed on it to move forward because of the synergies it can create,” he added.
Besides infrastructure, he told Business Line that the Bank could further poverty alleviation through inclusive finance. The World Bank estimates 24.5 per cent of the region’s population living below the poverty line.
“It must have a certain objective even if priorities keep changing with time. It should be used to further financial inclusion with the Bank being provided with block loans that should be redistributed among poorer segments through microfinance. It’s time this regional problem was looked at in depth and have the Bank committed to prosperity in the region,” the Governor told Business Line.
SAARC, formed in 1985, comprises of Afghanistan, Pakistan, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Maldives and India. At present, it is estimated that intra-regional trade stands at about five per cent of total trade engaged in by the member nations and a SAARC Development Bank, it is believed, would boost that figure through trade necessitated by development projects.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

US commercial property prices at new highUS commercial property prices reach new high
Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ca600c4-65be-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Zyngas Mark Pincus launches app company© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40c62a24-65c3-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

To be a Berliner was very heavenNovember 6, 2014 4:38 pm
Bliss it was to be alive, but to be a Berliner was very heaven
Thomas Brussig
When the Wall came down, a regime established for an eternity collapsed, writes Thomas Brussig
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1aff408a-6516-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ashok Leyland Posts Profit of Rs 120.68 Crore in Q2You are here: Home Corporates
Ashok Leyland Posts Profit of Rs 120.68 Crore in Q2
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 22:58 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Hinduja Group flagship company Ashok Leyland on Thursday reported a standalone net profit of Rs 120.68 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014.
The company had registered a net loss of Rs 25.05 crore for the corresponding quarter a year ago.
Net sales rose 26.20 per cent to Rs 3,217.67 crore for the second quarter of the current fiscal year (2014-15), as against Rs 2,549.62 crore in the year-ago period, Ashok Leyland Ltd said in a filing to the BSE.
For the first half of 2014-15, Ashok Leyland posted a standalone net profit of Rs 72.73 crore as against a loss of Rs 166.80 crore in the same period last year.
Net sales of the company increased 15.91 per cent to Rs 5,695.48 crore compared to Rs 4,913.43 crore a year ago.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 21:55 (IST)

Five Career Strategies for Women in Techreddit
It seems as if every day someone in my network is sending me an article about challenges facing women in technology.  If I had to summarize all the articles into a six word story, it might read, "75 percent pay, 25 percent women, 5 percent CEO." On nearly every dimension that can be calculated, women are coming up short.
I have been loving my work in Silicon Valley since graduating from Harvard Business School in the late '90s -- first as an entrepreneur, next as a researcher, and now as a venture capitalist.  For the last several weeks I have been thinking about the best way to channel my positive Silicon Valley experiences into useful advice for women who are building careers in technology.
I thought it might be helpful to share five strategies that have helped me build my career.
1. Invest in relationships in all dimensions of your life.
While there is often discussion about "work life balance," in reality, I think "work life integration" might be a better term.   When I was writing case studies for Harvard Business School, I found many of my favorite "protagonists" through the parents at our kids' preschool.  Work is about relationships, but those relationships don't need to start at work.  For me, some of my most important work relationships have started through school networks (mine and our kids'), tennis teams, book clubs, non-profit boards, and hanging out on the soccer sidelines.
2. Seek out high visibility projects.
Somewhere along the way -- probably from my parents -- I learned the importance of raising your hand to take on that risky project. While I was at Intuit during the early Internet days, founder Scott Cook was looking for someone to investigate an online mortgage offering.  This was a new, unproven area for Intuit, and I had been at the company for three months. Nevertheless, I was intrigued by the idea of starting a new business inside a bigger company and I raised my hand to tackle this high risk project.  I worked nights and weekends with a senior engineer in San Diego, and together we prepared a business plan for Quicken Loans. I was thrilled when the Intuit executive team gave us funding to pursue the project full time, and my role changed overnight from being an associate product manager on Quicken to the business lead for a new internet business.
There are times, however, when those high visibility projects don't pan out.  While I was running the California Research Center for Harvard Business School, I wrote up a proposal to open a HBS teaching center in the Bay Area. I talked to landlords, and we even looked at real estate in Palo Alto. I submitted a project plan to the Dean, and it was ultimately decided that it didn't make sense for HBS to pursue.  While this could be seen as a failed proposal, it actually turned out to be an important project for the school. Some of the research I did helped inform the new teaching centers that were opened in China and India a few years later.  In addition, I was consulted about the design of the new Harvard i-Lab because people back in Boston had come across my proposal.   I have found that raising your hand to engage in high visibility projects can help build your career, even if those particular projects don't come to fruition.
3. Make time to help others.
Just three years after business school, I was fortunate to be selected to participate in a relatively new 12-month women's leadership program run by an organization called Women Unlimited.  The experience was eye-opening on multiple levels, but I think my biggest take-away is how important it is to make time to mentor others.  There were at least 10 people that I met through the program who invested time in helping me grow, and their advice and guidance truly impacted my career. Interestingly, some of those encounters were less than an hour, but they were equally important. Today, I make the time to help other women (and men as well!) who are early in their career.
I also take the time to share feedback after interviews, because I know how important a few tips can be. My most frequent feedback to women interviewees is that they need to highlight their successes during the first half of an interview. If they are too modest, it puts them at a disadvantage relative to people who are more comfortable pointing out their skills and experiences.
4. Feed your brain.
Curiosity is one of the most important traits in business. While it is easy to get focused on the task at hand, it is crucial to keep picking your head up to investigate what else is going on. If you hear about a colleague who is working on a new project that interests you, ask if you can meet for coffee so you can ask questions. If I come across an interesting topic, business or otherwise, I dig in and read everything I can find. Personally, I have become increasingly fascinated about how and why some coaches and managers can create consistently winning teams. (How does Bruce Bochy do it?!) It doesn't matter what the topic is, what is important is that you keep feeding your brain.
5. Practice makes progress.
I have found over the years that some people seem to take pride in "winging it" for an important meeting or presentation. I have a hard time understanding why this makes sense. As Malcolm Gladwell writes, "Practice isn't the thing you do once you're good. It's the thing that makes you good." Practice has always served me well as a career strategy. If you are thinking about a new role or want to ask for a raise (if you don't trust "karma"), practice the ask with a spouse/partner, friend or former colleague.  One of the many benefits I have found through women's networks over the years is having a set of practice-mates who appreciate being asked to do an occasional role play.
I hope these strategies provide some guidance for the thousands of women in technology who are building their careers.  Two truisms that I have found over the last 18 (gulp) years of working in technology is that there is never enough talent and there is never enough diversity.   Over the next few months I hope we can shift the conversation about women in technology away from the problems and spend more time talking about the solutions.
Follow Alison Wagonfeld  on Twitter: www.twitter.com/awagonfeld
More:

The new B gets ClassyThe new B gets Classy
S Muralidhar
Plush upgrade: One of the factors that needed to be improved was the luxury quotient of the interiors S MURALIDHAR
Merc-B-Class
Merc-B-Class
Merc-B-Class
Mercedes' B-Class has been redone inside-out for the 2015 model year. Now it is more than just a practical, compact MPV
The mini MPV market is a tough segment, even more so if it is in the luxury end of the car market. Buyers who are trying to get themselves an entry-level luxury car are bound to look past at other hatch or sedan options, and so a compact multi-purpose vehicle will more often be the second luxury car in the family.
It is not surprising then that one sees more of the new A-Class from Mercedes-Benz than the B-Class on India roads. With the sexy new C-Class sedan due out soon, the B-Class could get overshadowed even more here. So, it is good news that the B has been given a facelift. Worldwide, the B-Class has done better and has been appreciated for its practicality, space and compact footprint. But it has had competition recently joining the fray especially the new BMW 2-Series Active Tourer.
The B-Class has had its plus points, but one of the factors that needed to be improved was the luxury quotient of its interiors. Mercedes designers and engineers have focused their energies in refreshing the B-Class’ family design ties and in boosting its interior quality. The result is the new 2015 B-Class, a mid-cycle facelift that retains much of the B-Class’ original charm, but will leave buyers more satisfied about allegiance to the three-pointed star.
Design
The 2015 B-Class’ big design changes to the exterior are all mostly bunched together at the front. And a lot of the new elements have been redesigned to introduce family resemblances. So, the fact that there is a lot of C-Class visible in the B’s grille and headlamps is part of the plan. A new, wider bonnet grille with a twin louvred design and chrome trim is now part of the package. The front bumper also gets a complete revamp. A larger airdam and scoops on either side now give the B-Class a stronger, stout on-road stance. The bonnet slab with its deeply creased lines that merge into the A-pillar continues.
The headlamps are also completely new in design and in configuration. The headlamps are all LED now, including the main lamps and the daytime running lights. The new B-Class’ exterior design is almost identical when it is viewed from the side. The familiar roofline and the body side lines have all been retained. The alloy wheels on offer will be new, including the 17-inch and 16-inch wheels you see in these pictures. The rear again is pretty much the same as the outgoing model except for minor changes to the rear bumper that has been done mostly to accommodate the tail-pipe treatment. The tail-lamps are also LED lights now. We travelled to Mallorca in Spain where Mercedes-Benz had organised test drives of the new B-Class. With the wide, well-paved roads and grand vistas of the hills in the background, the B-Class looked smaller than it actually is. The new B is being offered in over four trim variants for international markets. The India-spec B-Class will probably be offered in two trim levels, and the number of engine options is also likely to be fewer.
Interior
For the 2015 B-Class, more changes have been incorporated inside the cabin. The size and space in the cabin continues to be the same. But, new materials and new executions that include high quality leather, wood inserts and a more pleasing dashboard layout manage to boost the feel of luxury in the cabin. The most striking addition is the 8-inch free-standing infotainment display at the top of the centre stack.
The fact that the B-Class is also a product from the MFA platform has many indicators, the classiest is the aircraft turbine style aircon vents.
Other premium additions that take the B’s cabin close to the youthful luxury feel of the A-Class and the new C-Class are double stitched leather seats, the push-button start, flat bottomed steering wheel (in the top-end variants) a new Harman Kardon music system, new steering mounted controls, galvanised switches and a new instrument cluster. Optional additions include a larger display screen and LED ambient lighting in 12 colours.
Performance
There is a lot of chrome trim too that will further help boost appeal, especially amongst potential Indian customers. During our test drive the new B-Class was available with essentially two petrol and two diesel engine options. These engines were being offered in different states of tune with the petrol models starting with the 1.6-litre engine and a power rating of 122hp upto 156hp. The other petrol engine – a two litre – was offered in two states of tune; a 184hp and a 211hp.
The diesel engines included the 1.5-litre mill in two states of tune either at 90hp or a 109hp. The other diesel burner is the 2.2-litre with it either generating 136 horses or 177 horses. We drove the B 200 CDI and the B 220 CDI – both the top-end diesel models, after all diesels are likely to be the overwhelming choice amongst customers here.
Even though the diesel engines sound a bit loud outside, the cabin is extremely well-insulated and quiet.
The India-spec B-Class will probably get lower powered versions of the engines. The engines are now more efficient and to counter BMW’s electrics, Mercedes has also developed the B-Class Electric Drive – a plug-in electric co-developed with Tesla.
The B-Class variants we drove in Mallorca’s smooth tarmac were obviously European-spec and the ride quality was perfectly balanced for dynamic handling.
Bottomline
The India-spec variants are likely to retain the current model’s slightly raised posture with smaller rims and the suspension set-up will also be more pliant to allow it to handle bad roads.
The new B-Class will be launched here by mid-2015 and the prices will probably only be marginally higher.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

VW plots a comeback strategy for IndiaVW plots a comeback strategy for India
Murali Gopalan
Michael Mayer, Director, Volkswagen Passenger Cars -SHASHI ASHIWAL
Michael Mayer believes thinking global will help the German automaker this time around
 
For a company that is striving to be the world’s largest carmaker by 2018, it is astonishing how Volkswagen has just not got its script right in India.
From Michael Mayer’s point of view, however, the future is more important than worrying about the last few years. The Director, Volkswagen Passenger Cars, has been in India for barely six months but already has a fair idea of the challenges ahead.
“India is versatile and fascinating. In order to be successful, VW as a group needs to understand more and more about this country without losing its own character. It is a key strategic market for us,” Mayer told Auto Focus in a recent interview.
The India strategy
When VW first set up shop here at the Chakan plant near Pune in 2007, things seemed a lot less complicated as sales soared with brands like the Polo and Vento quickly making a mark in this competitive market. Then came the slowdown of 2012 and the dream run was rudely interrupted. “The entire experience, including the slowdown, gave us some time to reframe our strategy and focus on exports which have been reasonably successful,” Mayer says.
The acceptance of made-in-India products in markets like South Africa and Mexico also reminded VW that its India strategy could not be viewed in isolation but had to be part of a larger global plan. “Success is, therefore, not about doing big numbers in India alone but in establishing a footprint worldwide,” he adds.
Product planning, therefore, cannot be done in isolation for India but will have to be a part of the global production network of VW. According to Mayer, a business plan where global models can be used locally is the only way to survive especially when it also helps build up an export business. “We would like to Indianise products to meet local requirements,” he says.
Mayer has worked in countries like China where VW is the market leader with annual sales of over three million units which surpasses India’s overall industry tally of cars and SUVs. Despite this glaring difference, he is convinced that this part of the world still has the potential to offer a similar growth story.
After all, till about two decades ago, parts of China had traffic conditions which were as chaotic as Mumbai but things have changed dramatically since then with tremendous strides made in infrastructure and motorisation. “I see this happening here too, eventually,” an optimistic Mayer says.
In addition, India is a remarkably young market unlike Europe and China who are older, albeit with greater disposable income levels. This youthful base will gravitate towards mobility solutions and here is where VW would like to position itself as the brand of choice.
For the moment, though, Mayer’s top priority is to focus on customer satisfaction and ensure that the VW brand is aspirational enough for people to own and be happy with the experience. He admits that this rebuilding exercise will take time in a country as diverse as India but this will not stop him from helping VW’s dealer partners upgrade their levels of skills and customer satisfaction.
Rebuilding the brand
“The goal is to work towards being the best and, as part of this effort, dealers here must be well equipped like their global counterparts to deal with customers. All this will need training and building a lot of competence on the retail side,” Mayer says.
And even while the Indian market may have its own peculiar characteristics, he believes it is important to accept this reality rather than split hairs over it. After all, customer behavioural patterns are not dramatically different elsewhere in the world where everyone eventually seeks a value-for-money product.
“We need to get the basics right, create an inspiring brand and then get the after-sales processes in place so that the good word goes around,” Mayer says. All this will take time which prompted VW’s top management to announce at a recent media interaction that the German automaker would now work towards a 10-year timeframe for India.
“The question is not if but how we are going to grow here. This is what drives us and explains why I am here. Numbers are still small for us but it is important to develop the brand on the lines of what we did in China,” Mayer says.
Yet, even while he gears up for this challenging mandate in the subcontinent, the VW India Director makes it amply clear that there will be no compromise on safety. This becomes particularly relevant in a country which tops the world’s list of road fatalities with nearly 150,000 deaths each year.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Oil under pressure as supply doubts fadeOil under pressure as supply concerns fade
Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e1a1da32-65d3-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China chip tester JCET targets Singapore rivalChina chip tester JCET in talks to buy Temasek stake in Singapore rival
Jeremy Grant
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f79039a-6589-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Government to Set Up New Drugs Regulator for Traditional MedicinesYou are here: Home Industries
Government to Set Up New Drug Regulator for Traditional Medicines
Reuters | Updated On: November 06, 2014 23:10 (IST)
Government May Make PAN Must for Registering Charitable Trusts
New Delhi: The government on Thursday said it is seeking to increase sales of India's ayurvedic and other traditional therapies in the estimated $100-billion global market for alternative medicine and plans to set up a new quality control regulator.
Ayurveda is an ancient Indian health system that includes medicines, meditation, exercise and dietary guidelines practised by millions on the Indian subcontinent and increasingly in the West.
But Health Minister Harsh Vardhan said India's share in the global market for such medicines remained "negligible" compared to countries like China, and quality standards failed to meet international specifications.
"The government has decided to address this lacuna," Mr Vardhan said in a statement.
"It is a pity that China has captured such a huge share of the world market whereas India's presence is non-existent."
Ayurvedic and other traditional therapies are popular in Indian rural areas which still have poor access to modern health facilities. Homeopathic medicines also find wide acceptance.
Under the new universal health plan, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration aims to offer 30 free traditional medicines to all its citizens, a senior health ministry official told Reuters last week.
On Thursday, the government said it would provide financial support to traditional drugs manufacturers to help them enhance quality and meet global standards.
Other products such as creams and oils containing ayurvedic herbs are manufactured by domestic companies such as Dabur and Emami. The Indian market for such products registered a 13 per cent growth in 2013, according to Euromonitor International.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Canara Bank Q2 Profit at Rs 627 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Canara Bank Net Profit of Rs 627 Crore in Q2
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 23:30 (IST)
Bengaluru: State-owned Canara Bank on Thursday reported a marginal growth in net profit at Rs 627 crore for the quarter ended September 2014, due to higher provisioning.
The bank had posted a net profit of Rs 626 crore for the corresponding period last year.
Total income grew 14.3 per cent to Rs 11,915 crore in the period under review as against Rs 10,427 crore in the year-ago period, the city-headquartered lender said.
"Due to some slippages we had to do some extra provisions. This led to net profit remaining flat during the quarter," Canara Bank executive director V S Krishnakumar told reporters here.
He said there were fresh slippages of Rs 3,178 crore during July-September 2014.
Operating profit was Rs 1,626 crore, up by 14.1 per cent y-o-y, and total provision for the quarter was at Rs 999 crore as compared to Rs 799 crore for the second quarter of FY14.
The provision for NPAs in the quarter was Rs 912 crore.
The bank said net interest income (NIM) for the quarter increased 8.1 per cent to Rs 2,368 crore. NIM (domestic) improved to 2.36 per cent from 2.33 per cent last year.
NIM (global) improved to 2.24 per cent from 2.22 per cent last year, it added.
The bank said gross NPAs (non-performing assets) stood at Rs 9,164 crore, with a gross NPA ratio of 2.92 per cent as against 2.64 per cent last year, despite continuing stressed scenario at the industry level.
Net NPA stood at Rs 7,170 crore, with a net NPA ratio of 2.31 per cent compared to 2.30 per cent last year.
On the goals for FY15, the bank said it aims to reach an aggregate business figure of over Rs 8 lakh crore. It also plans to take the number of branches to 6,000 plus and number of ATMs to 10,000 plus by March 2015.
Thrust is on improving operational financial ratios such as NIM, RoA, RoE and cost to income, the bank said, adding that it plans to have gross NPA around two per cent and net NPA around 1.5 per cent.
The bank is opening three more branches in the UK and one each in Frankfurt (Germany), DFC Dubai (UAE), Jeddah (Saudi Arabia), wholly owned subsidiaries in Brazil and Tanzania and representative offices in Tokyo (Japan), Abuja (Nigeria), Jakarta (Indonesia) and Istanbul (Turkey).
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 21:55 (IST)

Will Burma end one of the worlds longest warsBy Annie Gowen November 6 Follow @anniegowen
Protesters shout as they take part in a demonstration for slain freelance journalist Par Gyi, near city hall of Rangoon, Burma,  on Oct. 26. Par Gyi, also known as Aung Naing, was shot dead by Burmese troops who said he tried to escape from custody. (Lynn Bo Bo/EPA)
RANGOON -- In a grim scene earlier this week, the body of a journalist slain in the custody of the Burmese military was exhumed from a grassy grave and taken to a hospital for an autopsy.
The freelance journalist, Par Gyi, also known as Aung Kyaw Naing, had been arrested covering ethnic clashes along the country’s southeastern border, and his death at the hands of the army sparked international outrage.
Just days before President Obama is scheduled to visit Burma for a summit of Asian leaders, the country’s insurgencies, among the longest-running in the world, are again in the spotlight.
Prominent rights groups say Aung Kyaw Naing’s death is one more sign that the military is engaging in the same brutality against citizens that it exhibited during decades of military rule in Burma, before the generals ceded power to a nominally civilian government in 2010. They say it also indicates that the country’s transition to democracy is not going as hoped .
The Burmese army said Aung Kyaw Naing was a rebel who was killed during an escape attempt, but the country’s national human rights commission has ordered an investigation.
A dizzying number of armed ethnic groups have operated in Burma, also known as Myanmar, since the country’s independence in 1948, with as many as 48 active since 2009, according to the Myanmar Peace Center. The government has signed cease-fire agreements with 14 of these groups individually, but a nationwide cease-fire remains elusive. A peace accord was one of the key pledges that President Thein Sein made to Obama when Obama first visited Burma in 2012.
The human rights organizations Fortify Rights and the International Human Rights Clinic at Harvard Law School both released reports this week alleging that Burmese armed forces, including some high-ranking officers, committed war crimes against civilians during the country’s ongoing conflict with ethnic militias in its east and north.
“It basically demonstrates that the military is conducting itself in the same way it has for decades, which is totally inconsistent with rosy narrative of human rights reform that the government is presenting to the world,” said Matthew Smith, the executive director of Fortify Rights.
The complicated peace negotiations, which appear to be stalled, are often overshadowed by the humanitarian crisis with Burma's Rohingya Muslim population and the need for constitutional reform -- issues of concern for the Obama administration, which has supported Burma’s steps toward democratic reform. The country’s constitution still bars Aung San Suu Kyi, the leader of the pro-democracy party, from becoming president.
Suu Kyi, at a news conference Wednesday in Rangoon, said she thinks the country has not progressed in the last two years. "We do think there have been times when the United States government has been overly optimistic about the reform process," Suu Kyi said.  "What significant reforms have been taken within the last 24 months?"
Yanghee Lee , the U.N. special rapporteur on human rights in Burma, said in an address last week at the United Nations that this ethnic strife continues to cause “significant suffering” in the country of more than 55 million, isolated as a pariah state during decades of military rule. Around 613,000 people have been displaced from various areas of conflict around the country, according to the United Nations.
“Serious human rights violations are being committed on both sides, and I am particularly concerned by continued reports of arbitrary detention, torture and impunity on the side of the military,” Lee said.
One of the largest militias is the Kachin Independence Army, a group of between 5,000 to 10,000 fighters in the country’s north, home to thousands of ethnic Kachin Christians. (Burma is about 60 percent ethnic Burman, with the remaining 40 percent comprised of more than 135 ethnic groups.) The Burmese military and the Kachins have been fighting for much of the last 50 years, with the most recent spate of violence flaring in June 2011.
In its report, Fortify Rights detailed what it said was an ongoing pattern of abuse by the Burmese military against civilians in Kachin state. It alleged that the Burmese army had shelled and razed homes, attacked makeshift camps built for refugees and committed extrajudicial killings in the last three years. In a previous report in June, Fortify Rights researchers also interviewed Christians in Kachin who said they were targeted because of their faith.
When asked generally about alleged human rights abuses committed by the military, the president’s spokesman, Ye Htut, said in a June interview that both sides had contributed to the problem and that the ethnic strife had mostly been resolved, except “a small conflict in the Kachin area.” In addition, “civil society [activists] are more actively working in that conflict area than they have in the past,” he said. Ye Htut did not return telephone calls or an e-mail request for comment this week.
The government has said it expects to sign a peace agreement with the ethnic militias this year or in early 2015.
Many activists and skeptics in the West regard that as an optimistic timeline. Some of the disputed territories are rich in timber and other natural resources, as well as mines of coveted jade, and the ethnic groups want to share in that bounty. So even if there is a nationwide cease-fire agreement -- as the government hopes -- and all sides lay down their arms, experts say Burma’s internal conflict is far from over.
Annie Gowen is The Post’s India bureau chief and has reported for the Post throughout South Asia and the Middle East.

Facebook wants you to join the fight against EbolaBy Hayley Tsukayama November 6 Follow @htsuka
Facebook is encouraging its users to donate to fight Ebola and has donated 100 connectivity satellites for use in West Africa. (Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg recently gave $25 million to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to help stop the spread of Ebola.
Now he's asking all of you to reach into your wallets, too.
Over the next week, Facebook users in more than 30 countries, including the United States, will see messages at the tops of their news feeds asking them to consider a donation to one of three charities on the front lines of the Ebola crisis: Save the Children, the Red Cross and the International Medical Corps. Facebook users can donate to these organizations through the social network's payment system. Facebook itself will cover all usual processing fees, so that 100 percent of donations will reach these organizations, said Naomi Gleit, vice president of product management at Facebook.
Facebook is also launching a microsite dedicated to Ebola education that gives people more information about the disease.
The social network has been loath to use its site as a soapbox in the past, reserving broad news feed messages to promote very few causes such as encouraging people to vote or become organ donors. But the scale of the Ebola crisis, as well as the need to act quickly, Gleit said, convinced the company that it was worth wearing its heart on your news feed.
"Ebola is time-sensitive," she said. "Over 13,000 people have been infected, and the time is now. Any efforts now will be more valuable in preventing more people from suffering."
She said that Facebook was inspired, in part, by the success of the Ice Bucket Challenge, which prompted donations to research for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Organizations such as the International Medical Corps have noted that it often doesn't see the same spike of fundraising for ongoing crises, such as the fight against Ebola as it does for natural disasters, and Gleit said that Facebook hopes its social effort can help allay that problem.
The company itself is also providing 100 mobile satellites to first responders in West Africa to improve connectivity on the ground.
"Existing networks are sagging," said Chris Weasler, the head of spectrum policy and connectivity planning at Facebook's nonprofit group, Internet.org.  Internet.org has already been focused on improving connectivity in Zambia and Tanzania. But the networks in the three countries mainly affected by Ebola -- Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone -- are in "various stages of being upgraded" to modern speeds, Weasler said, and are unable to handle the demand for connectivity that crisis workers have generated.
To do so, Facebook is working with NetHope, an group of over 40 nongovernmental organizations that specializes in improving networks in areas affected by disaster. NetHope will be responsible for deploying the satellites, Weasler said. Many will be sent to areas where makeshift hospitals have been set up, while others could go to community centers or pre-screening facilities.
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

Amazon announces Echo  a $199 voice-driven home assistantAmazon announces Echo, a $199 voice-driven home assistant
Introducing Amazon Echo
Amazon Echo is always ready, connected, and fast. Just ask for information, music, news, weather, and more.
Amazon Echo is always ready, connected, and fast. Just ask for information, music, news, weather, and more.
By Soham Chatterjee, Reuters
Amazon.com Inc. Pandora Media, Inc. Bruno Mars Apple iTunes Spotify
Do you want to talk to your speaker? Amazon.com Inc has launched "Amazon Echo", a speaker you leave on all day and give it voice directions, like Siri on an Apple Inc iPhone.
As well as taking commands such as "play music by Bruno Mars" or "add gelato to my shopping list", Amazon said the device accesses the internet to answer questions such as "when is Thanksgiving?" and "what is the weather forecast?"
Amazon said the speaker, which runs on Amazon Web Services, continually learns a user's speech patterns and preferences.

Rental properties retool as packages pile upRental properties retool as packages pile up
Package deliveries
Andrew A. Nelles, Chicago Tribune
Dustin Polo, front desk supervisor, at 73 East Lake Street in Chicago, checks in packages.
Dustin Polo, front desk supervisor, at 73 East Lake Street in Chicago, checks in packages. (Andrew A. Nelles, Chicago Tribune)
By Sharon Stangenes, Chicago Tribune
Property Real Estate Hobbies Lobbying
Online shopping keeps rental properties hopping.
The first stop Jamie Snydel makes after a 12- to 13-hour workday is at the concierge desk of her apartment building to pick up packages.
"I don't have time to shop in stores," said Snydel, sales manager for an online menswear startup. Instead, she buys everything from "paper towels to protein powder" on the Web and has those items delivered to her apartment at K2, a rental tower in Chicago's Fulton River District.
But the ease and convenience of shopping online has turned into a logistical issue for property managers, forcing them to rethink what to do with packages piling up in receiving areas.
8
Deliveries are accelerating at "an incredible pace" said Steve Boyack, senior vice president of The Laramar Group, a real estate investment and management company based in Chicago and Denver.
Buildings with 200 apartments are getting as many as 11,000 packages a year and those with 250 units up to 20,000, Boyack said. "There is no end in sight."
Steve Fifield, chairman of Fifield Cos. and a co-developer of 496-unit K2, said properties of that size get 30 to 40 packages a day, twice the number of packages delivered in 2011.
"We didn't realize when we designed K2 three years ago that everyone would buy everything online all the time," Fifield said.
Large rental properties are realizing the traditional business model of allocating space for a dry cleaner to handle package delivery doesn't always work. The system was OK for four to six packages a day, but it's coming apart at the seams with the increased volume of deliveries.
0
Perhaps no property in Chicago has felt the impact of online shopping more than Presidential Towers in the West Loop.
The property, acquired by Chicago-based Waterton Associates in 2007, is the city's largest rental development. It's a 2.7 million square-foot, mixed-use behemoth with 2,346 apartments in four towers and more than 135,000 square feet of retail space.
General manager David Scharfenberg said the dry cleaner typically handles package deliveries. Like many large and most new-construction rental buildings, Presidential Towers has an electronic system to scan the labels of incoming packages. Residents are alerted via email or text message that a package has arrived. It also posts a list of apartments and package information on four lobby screens as a reminder.
When deliveries spike to 1,000 packages a day between Thanksgiving and Christmas, however, the usual procedures need to be augmented.
In November, temporary shelving for overflow storage is moved into a meeting room between the dry cleaner and the leasing office. A door has been installed between the dry cleaner and the meeting room to expedite access.
Staff schedules are rearranged to cover the rush of residents at the end of the day, and two workers were hired this year to handle packages during the peak holiday season.
"We need at least two bodies to receive, mark and sort the deliveries and we need five bodies between 4 and 7 p.m." to keep pickup lines short and moving along, Scharfenberg said.
On occasion, vacant retail space has been used for sorting because the property faces the added hurdle of four towers with apartments with the same numbers. Packages must be logged in by tower number and apartment number to avoid confusion and misdirection.
Scharfenberg said his staff is constantly looking for better solutions to deal with the holiday crush. And that is only one of the delivery challenges.
"There is no deadline for pickup," he pointed out. "It can be today, next week or next month. Sometimes people are out of town or the country, leaving packages for days or weeks."
That dilemma and the size of some packages has builders and developers trying to figure space allocations and new systems to handle the influx.
Package rooms often were little more than unused or leftover space, but they are now getting a lot more thought and attention.
"We have had car tires, a pool table and many mattresses delivered," said Renee Wersching, executive vice president of property management for Magellan Development Group, builder of residential properties such as Lakeshore East in downtown Chicago.
"It's become one of our foremost amenity issues," said Josh Taylor, vice president of marketing for Magellan Development Group.
Space must be found in existing buildings to handle the mounds of packages.
Scott Ferguson, district manager for Related Management, recalled "taking largely unused space for employees" for packages in a reconfiguration at The Grant, a South Loop condominium that Related Midwest bought several years ago.
Diana Pittro, executive vice president of RMK Management, said witnessing "whole apartments of furniture arrive in boxes in recent years contributed to the design of 73 East Lake, which opened this year.
"We spent a lot of time at 73 East Lake thinking about how to build so the package area is convenient for our residents and staff, and there is easy access for the delivery services," she said.
Fifield said the challenge of handling packages at K2 was a wake-up call for Fifield Cos. and Carroll Properties, co-developers of E2, a 362-unit project under construction in downtown Evanston. The size of E2's package room will be double what was planned. A chiller the size of a closet will be added to store perishables such as food and flowers.
"We are seeing more grocery delivery, and we expect that to ramp up," he said.
The popularity of online shopping is growing to the point that Fifield believes it will be the preferred mode of shopping in the future.
"We want to give residents the service they expect," he said. "It's a really important and growing factor in building."

10/1 ARM offers flexibility to mortgage prepayer1
In a 10/1 ARM, the interest rate is fixed for the first 10 years and then can go up or down for the next 20 years. In most loans the 11th year increase in the rate can have a cap of between two to six percentage points (typically the loan cannot jump more than five or six percentage points in total). In years thereafter, the interest rate can go up or down by two points. There are different variations on this loan, but for the first 10 years, the rate is fixed.
Another type of 10-year loan is one in which the interest is fixed for the entire loan term and the loan is paid off in full over the 10-year period. Don't get confused by these two loans. In the 10/1 ARM, the loan is typically amortized over a 15-year or 30-year period. In a 10-year loan, the loan is amortized over 10 years so you're done paying off the loan in 10 years.
Here's how this would work for you: If you replace your original mortgage with a 10-year mortgage at 2.75 percent, you could pay off your $214,000 balance in ten years by paying just over $2,000 per month. That's a pretty good deal, especially since you were thinking you'd pay an extra $1,000 per month anyway.
(Mortgage interest rates fluctuate daily. The 2.75 percent rate we mention is only for purposes of comparing rates. You might find that the 10-year loan rate in your area might be higher than that, but it may still be a bit lower than the 30-year rate.)
Refinancing is a better deal, even though your monthly payments will be higher because you'll save something like $150,000 in interest over the 10-year term of the loan. That's serious cash, even if you spend $2,500 to complete the refinance.
Your situation is a bit different from what Ilyce had talked about on her radio show. She suggested refinancing to a 10/1 ARM but keeping the 30-year amortization. The interest rate would drop way down (that rate might be a bit higher than the 10-year fixed rate loan), and all of the extra cash could be used to prepay the mortgage, while maximizing any tax advantages over the next few years.
In your case, you could simply be done with the loan in 10 years, presumably before retirement. That would free up a lot of cash for you (roughly $2,000 per month that you're spending on the mortgage) that can be saved or used for something else.
The advantage of a 10/1 ARM is that your loan payments are amortized over 30 years and are substantially lower than with a 10- or 15-year loan, giving you the flexibility of paying less when you might be short of cash and paying off the loan at a pace that might be comfortable to you. It might be 10 years but it could be much longer. The risk during the years following the 10th year is that the interest rate on your loan could go up and stay up.
Let us know what you decide to do. And thanks for listening to Ilyce's show.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Business owner needs to organize to keep from drowning0
Another complication is that you are apparently running your business on cash, because your credit isn't good enough to get a loan. We'll address the issue of fixing your credit in a moment, but there are several places you might try for a loan. The Small Business Administration (SBA.gov) has a "loans and grants" search tool that might prove helpful. You can also try to raise small amounts of cash for your business on Kickstarter (Kickstarter.com) and other similar websites.
Is there anyone you can borrow a small amount of cash from just to keep the business going? Is one of your customers willing to pay upfront, or can you get your customers to speed up the payment cycle? If customers are happy with your products or services, they'll generally do what they can to help you out.
Now let's turn to your personal life. It's hard to be organized when you are so overwhelmed. It feels as though there aren't enough hours in the day. and in the short run being disorganized feels easier and faster. But as you've discovered, it's disastrous in the long run.
We're going to give it to you straight: You have to take the time to get organized. If you're organized, you will pay your bills on time, thus improving your credit. You'll know where your documents are, and be able to quickly find what you need quickly.
Organization isn't that tough. Set aside a Saturday morning. Start by taking all of your papers, bills and documents out from their hiding places. Get a clear plastic rectangular file box, a box of hanging file folders and a box of file folders. Next, get your wastebasket, so you can dump unneeded paperwork. (Be sure to cross-shred anything important that contains sensitive information like your name and account numbers.)
Open all of your mail (we're guessing there is a big pile of unopened bills), and gather past-due bills and anything else that hasn't been paid. Separate these into a pile of bills that are due and those that are overdue and get them paid. If you don't have enough cash for all of your bills at the moment, pay the ones that are the most overdue plus your mortgage or rent, utilities and cell phone.
Cancel the accounts for anything you have that isn't absolutely necessary. You might consider canceling your cable service, but keeping the Internet connection. There are other areas you can probably save money in (like shopping around your insurance) and you should look into them as well.
(If this step is too much for you, then you need to make an appointment with a nonprofit credit counseling agency. You can find one by going to the National Foundation for Credit Counseling website, NFCC.org. The initial appointment should be free or very low cost.)
Once you get your bills paid, you can organize them by company or by month (for example, all of the July bills go together). Make sure you enter everything into your checkbook or online account. If you're not keeping track of your expenses in real time, consider signing up for Mint.com, which is free and owned by Intuit. You can also buy an online subscription to Quicken or QuickBooks (for your personal and/or business expenses).
To really improve your credit, you've got to start paying all of your bills on time. It will take at least two years for late payments to "fall off" your credit history. You should also check your credit history at AnnualCreditReport.com to see if there are any other errors listed that you can correct.
Now, let's turn to your business. You must figure out whether this business is going to survive, thrive or drown you. The easiest way to do this is to see how much the business is costing you and how much it is bringing in.
Look at the past and present and then forecast the next 12 months. If you don't see how the business will ever go beyond breakeven (and that's presumably without paying you a salary, which is our mind means you're losing money), then you need to think about calling a halt to the business and taking a loss. While that's sad, it's not the end of the world. And your paycheck from your full-time job can then be used to strengthen your family's financial situation.
We're hoping that when you look at your business from a past, present and future standpoint, you'll see when you're going to get to breakeven and can plan for that. It's tough to start a business and tougher still to keep it going. But if you can see the light at the end of the tunnel, then you can reverse-engineer your way to a plan that gets you there financially.
Good luck, and please let us know what happens.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Randeep: Not so great films strive on controversyCelebrity
'Rang Rasiya' special screening
A special screening of Rang Rasiya was held in Cinemax Versova, Mumbai on November 06, 2014. ‘Rang Rasiya’ stars Randeep Hooda and Nandana Sen in the lead. This film is about the painter Raja Ravi Verma who painted gods and was condemned by the society for his work. The premiere saw the starcast Randeep Hooda, Nandana Sen along with the veteran divas like Manisha Koirala, Tabu and some ace directors from the industry like Sudhir Mishra, Rajkumar Hirani. Also gracing the event was the lovely Gauhar Khan.
You might also like:
Randeep Hooda and Nandana Sen pose together at the premiere of Rang Rasiya.
1 / 30

Virgin safety regime under scrutinyVirgin Galactic crash highlights different safety philosophies
Robert Wright in New York and Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c6afd1ac-6551-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Continental Resources: hedge trimmer© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3a154a9a-65bc-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Unemployment Is Down  But Good Jobs Are Scarce
Unprecedented partnership will tackle abuse of women on TwitterThe feminist game critic Anita Sarkeesian has become something of a poster girl for Twitter’s gender-based violence issues since she became a target of the “Gamergate” movement in August. (Alex Lazara/Courtesy of Feminist Frequency)
Twitter hasn’t always been kind to its female users — much like the Internet more generally.
But after half a dozen high-profile harassment incidents in as many months, a damning report from the Association for Progressive Communications, and mounting evidence that online abuse is both widespread and unchecked , Twitter may finally be willing to do something about it. That’s the implication, at least, of a newly announced partnership between the popular social network and the nonprofit Women, Action & the Media, which previously persuaded Facebook to crack down on gender-based violence under the #FBrape campaign .
“I can’t guarantee what will happen” in terms of reforms, said Jaclyn Friedman, WAM’s executive director. “But I can say that the interest from Twitter has been very committed and very genuine.”
Friedman, a prominent feminist author and activist , is no stranger to online abuse herself. She’s never had to leave her home or call the police. But between her experience with Twitter’s vitriol-spewing trolls, and reports from colleagues, acquaintances and the media, Friedman has seen gaping holes in Twitter’s abuse-reporting process.
For one thing, she says, the social network lacks the resources to review abuse reports in a timely manner, which means that even credible threats can sit unanswered too long.
For another thing, Twitter’s definition of abuse is notoriously narrow — and it hasn’t kept up with the ever-evolving tactics of the site’s worst trolls. It has become common, for instance, for abusers to circulate fake quotes or photos of a victim, the better to rally vitriol against her. They sometimes build networks of sock puppet accounts to continue tormenting the same victim once their other accounts are removed. And if a user is attacked by many dozens or hundreds of trolls at once — not an uncommon occurrence for high-profile women — there’s no way to report that abuse en masse. Instead, the victim has to fill out a lengthy form for every single person who tweets at her. The form was recently overhauled, but it still takes a couple minutes to fill out.
“They aren’t capturing the full scale and context of abuse,” Friedman said. “There’s a lot of nuance to the tactics that abusers use. And right now, Twitter doesn’t account for that nuance.”
To change that, WAM is basically employing a two-pronged approach. For starters, it’s collecting its own reports from victims of gendered violence on Twitter via its own online form . Then, through its status as an “authorized reporter” — a Twitter-vetted group with special reporting privileges — WAM will escalate the complaints of users who fill out its form so that Twitter responds to them sooner.
WAM will also, at the end of an unspecified test period, compile the data for Twitter and publish a report on how the network handled gender-based abuse. The idea is that the data could then inform further discussions with Twitter — and, hopefully, some changes on the site. It’s not, perhaps, the grand policy change that advocates have hoped for, and it doesn’t represent any concrete shift in Twitter’s stance toward harassment of women. But as WAM points out in a news release, it’s certainly a start — and an “unprecedented” one, at that.
“Women can’t even predict when they’ll say something online that will provoke harassment,” Friedman said — before getting interrupted by chirps from her own Twitter feed. “I’m really excited about this. And I’m excited that Twitter is concerned about the same issues.”
Update, 11/7:  Twitter is indeed excited. The company released the following statement:
We’re always trying to improve the way we handle abuse issues, and WAM! is one of many organizations we work with around the world on best practices for user safety.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Osama bin Laden raidBy Joby Warrick November 6 Follow @jobywarrick
In 15 years of dangerous missions — from midnight raids on al-Qaeda safe houses in Iraq to battling Somali pirates from the deck of a heaving Navy ship on the high seas — there had never been one so shadowed by dread. As Robert James O’Neill contemplated his jump from a helicopter into Osama bin Laden’s private garden, he was positive it would be his last.
“I didn’t think I would survive,” the former Navy SEAL said.
O’Neill, one of dozens of U.S. special operators to storm bin Laden’s hideout on May 2, 2011, said he mentally prepared himself to face death from heavily armed gunmen or from the elaborate booby traps that would surely line the approaches to the al-Qaeda leader’s inner sanctum. What he never expected was that he would secure a place in history that night, as the man who fired the bullet that ended bin Laden’s life .
O’Neill confirmed to The Washington Post that he was the unnamed SEAL who was first to tumble through the doorway of bin Laden’s bedroom that night, taking aim at the terrorist leader as he stood in darkness behind his youngest wife. In an account later confirmed by two other SEALs, the Montana native described firing the round that hit bin Laden squarely in the forehead, killing him instantly.
More than three years after the events, O’Neill agreed to publicly discuss his role for the first time, describing in unprecedented detail the mission to capture or kill the man behind the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
Similar stories, one key difference View Graphic
Similar stories, one key difference
His decision to talk came nearly two years after another team member, Matt Bissonnette, published a controversial account of the raid in the book titled, “No Easy Day .” It also follows what O’Neill has described as an agonizing personal struggle, as he weighed concerns over privacy and safety against a desire to have a least some control over a story that appeared likely to break, with or without his consent.
Over the past year, awareness of O’Neill’s role as “the shooter” had spread through the military community and onto Capitol Hill, where a number of members of Congress knew the story and had congratulated O’Neill personally, he said. Journalists were becoming aware of his name as well.
In the end, just a week before scheduled interviews on Fox News and The Post, O’Neill’s identity was leaked by some of his former peers. SOFREP, a Web site run by former special-forces operatives, posted an article that complained of O’Neill’s decision to tell his story on Fox News and decided to reveal his name preemptively.
The SOFREP item was subsequently picked up by the British tabloid, the Daily Mail, which reported on Wednesday that O’Neill’s father had confirmed his identity as the shooter in a telephone interview.
SOFREP published an Oct. 31 letter — apparently triggered by O’Neill’s impending TV interview — in which the commander and master chief of the Navy Special Warfare Command emphasized that a “critical” tenet of their profession is to “not advertise the nature of my work nor seek recognition for my action.”
“We do not abide willful or selfish disregard for our core values in return for public notoriety or financial gain,” the letter said.
O’Neill, in two meetings with The Post, said he had anticipated the criticism. He said his decision to go public was confirmed after a private encounter over the summer with relatives of victims of the Sept. 11, 2001, attack on New York’s World Trade Center.
In May 2011, President Obama announced that U.S. forces had killed al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in a compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan. (WhiteHouse.gov via YouTube)
O’Neill, who works as a motivational speaker, had been invited to address a gathering of 9/11 family members at the National September 11 Memorial Museum shortly before its official opening. During what he described as a highly emotional exchange, O’Neill decided spontaneously to talk about how bin Laden died.
“The families told me it helped bring them some closure,” O’Neill said.
The meeting was facilitated by a member of the New York congressional delegation who asked O’Neill if he would donate his uniform to the museum’s collection.
“He insisted on doing this anonymously to honor his unit, however the incredible interest in this story made this difficult,” said Rep. Carolyn B. Maloney (D-N.Y.). “I represent thousands of individuals whose lives were forever scarred by the tragedy of Sept. 11, and Mr. O’Neill’s private words to the families who lost loved ones brought a remarkable comfort to them.”
Maloney praised O’Neill as “a great American hero and a fine, articulate gentleman who has been very careful to always praise his team for the success of this mission.”
O’Neill’s involvement in the 2011 bin Laden raid capped a career that had already been extraordinary, by any measure. Tall and athletic with boyish features and reddish-blond hair, O’Neill became a SEAL in 1996 at age 20, and was eventually promoted to elite SEAL Team Six.
He eventually received 24 honors and commendations, many of them earned for multiple tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, as the leader of missions to capture or kill suspected al-Qaeda-allied insurgents.
Between tours, his team was pressed into service for rescue missions in far-flung corners of the world. O’Neill was among the SEALs who assisted in the 2009 rescue of merchant marine Capt. Richard Phillips from pirates off the coast of Somalia, an operation depicted in the 2013 movie “Captain Phillips .”
O’Neill’s experiences during the bin Laden raid were first described last year to journalist Phil Bronstein for a February 2013 Esquire magazine article that, by agreement, referred to him only as “the shooter.” In the piece, he described advancing through bin Laden’s compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan, with five other SEALs, eventually reaching the third floor, where bin Laden lived with his wives.
As other team members peeled off to search different rooms, O’Neill found himself in the No. 2 position, behind the point man, for the final assault on bin Laden’s bedroom. When bin Laden briefly appeared at the door, the SEAL at the front of the line fired a shot that apparently missed.
“I rolled past him into the room, just inside the doorway,” O’Neill recalled. “There was bin Laden, standing there. He had his hands on a woman’s shoulders pushing her ahead.”
Though the room was dark, O’Neill could clearly see bin Laden’s features through his night-vision scope.
“He looked confused,” O’Neill was quoted in the Esquire magazine as saying. “He was way taller than I was expecting. He had a cap on and didn’t appear to be hit.”
Bin Laden was “standing and moving,” thrusting one of his wives in front of him as if to use her as a shield.
“In that second I shot him, two times in the forehead,” he said. “Bap! Bap! The second time, as he is going down. He crumbled to the floor in front of his bed and I hit him again.”
O’Neill told The Post that it was clear bin Laden had died instantly, his skull split by the first bullet.
“I watched him take his last breaths,” he said.
He dismissed any talk of heroism, describing his actions as “muscle memory,” the result of continuous, repetitive training, including countless rehearsals of the Abbottabad raid using full-scale models. He described the “heroic” actions of other SEALs, including those of the point man, who tackled two women in the bedroom to create the diversion that allowed O’Neill to get off his shots.
O’Neill said the SEALs had little time to contemplate the magnitude of the evening’s events. After taking photographs and squeezing bin Laden’s frame into a body bag, they scrambled to collect computer drives and other obvious sources of intelligence.
Then they moved bin Laden’s wives and children away from the house before boarding their helicopter for a sprint across the Pakistan-Afghanistan border, just ahead of approaching Pakistani fighter planes.
Hours later, O’Neill was back at an American military base in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, eating a breakfast sandwich while bin Laden’s body lay in an adjacent room. Just then, President Obama appeared on a television screen.
“The United States has conducted an operation that killed Osama bin Laden, the leader of al-Qaeda and a terrorist who’s responsible for the murder of thousands of innocent men, women and children,” Obama said .
O’Neill said he glanced up at the screen and then at bin Laden’s body bag.
And then finished his sandwich.

Employers in Illinois warn of 900 layoffs39
Sears Holdings, which also operates Kmart stores, said it planned to lay off a total of 180 workers as it closes 2 Kmart stores in Forest Park and Peoria. These stores were among a list of 55 Kmart, 30 Sears and 31 Sears Auto Center locations slated to close from September to mid-January according to a report last month.
Mount Zion Flat Glass said it will let go of 187 workers by the end of the year when it closes its doors.
Other companies announcing layoffs include Nokia Solutions and Networks, which plans to lay off 83 employees, Rock Island-based Country Stone Holdings which will lay off 74 workers, and hotel operator Atwood which plans to lay off 48 workers at its Loop location. Lastly, Comcast said it planned to close a center in Schaumburg and lay off 63 employees.
The Illinois Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act requires businesses with 75 or more employees to provide the state with 60 days advance notice of pending plant closures or mass layoffs.

Gasp! Illini numbers fall in ITA event finals0
Three previous years saw more Illini finalists than from any other school. But this year it ranks fifth out of 10 schools in that respect, with four students among the 50 finalists. 
Northwestern University and the University of Chicago tied at the top of this year’s list, with 12 finalists each. Indiana University and Northern Illinois University are next, with six finalists each, followed by the U of I and the Illinois Institute of Technology, with four each.
“Illinois is usually at or near the top of the list,” said ITA President Fred Hoch, who has run the event from the start. “They didn’t overwhelm this year. I’m not sure why.”
Illinois’ computer-engineering program is not likely to get knocked out of the U.S. News and World Report’s Top 5 over this development. But it may offer fodder for some gentle alma-mater razzing at the next River North tech meetup or 1871 demo day.  
About 300 students at 10 Midwest schools took the Tech Challenge qualifying test earlier this year. The top 50 are this year’s finalists.
The challenge aims to help lure tech talent, which often heads to Silicon Valley or to Chicago. Along with Friday morning’s test, students meet with sponsoring companies that are looking to hire.
Copyright © 2014, Chicago Tribune
Related Content

How to Get Mommy Bloggers to Bring Customers to Your BrandGuest Blogging Dead? Not Even Close
One of the most influential groups of personal bloggers are "mommy bloggers." Through their personal blogs, moms share everything from parenting tips, to recipes, to information on product sales. As a result, a strong community often emerges that's a treasure trove for businesses whose market includes young families. So, how can your business leverage the value of such communities? Here are a few tips to help your business make the most of the mommy blogging community.
Identify Appropriate Blogs
There are several sites that index popular mom blogs, including Top Mommy Blogs , which lists the number of average monthly referrals, as well as basic information about each blog's focus. A general service like Traackr can also identify top influencers in a variety of subjects without narrowing it down to parental bloggers. You can also conduct research by doing a general search for mom bloggers and reading through several until you find the right audience for your brand.
There are also networks that can connect you with mommy bloggers for a cost. Groups like The Clever Girls Collective specialize in connecting brands with bloggers for a fee, which helps you skip the line and reach a large number of customers quickly.
Craft a Pitch
Before you send your first pitch to a mommy blogger, it's important to first know one essential: mommy bloggers do not like to be identified as such. As one popular blogger pointed out , she may be writing about parenthood during this era of her life, but another era could have her doing something completely different. As you craft your pitch, simply mention that you've noticed her readership seems like one that will be appropriate for your product or service. Your pitch should point out how your business can benefit her readers, rather than mentioning how her mention of your brand can help you.
Otherwise, your approach will be similar to the one you'd use to pitch any other media outlet. Your pitch should be personalized to the blogger, directly connecting that person's audience to your brand. Demonstrating to the blogger that you've read her content and respect it will be far more powerful than simply sending a canned email stating that you'd like to be mentioned. In some cases, it may benefit you to approach the blogger with the concept of a partnership, offering to feature her blog on your own website and social media outlets in exchange for helping you achieve promotional goals.
Offer Free Samples
Brands often have tremendous success in approaching mommy bloggers with free products in exchange for an honest review. The key word there is "honest." Be prepared for a mommy blogger to express negativity in her post about your brand, potentially scaring potential customers away. You'll likely find most mommy bloggers are fair in their reviews, however, and this is good for you, as well. As one expert pointed out , honest reviews convert much higher than reviews that simply serve as an advertisement for a brand.
Make note of the bloggers who respond favorably to your product for consideration when you have future product launches. You'll already have an established relationship, so you may find a blogger is willing to work with you on all your future promotions. Over time, you can build up a core group of mom bloggers who will help you with your campaigns in exchange for a free sample.
Host a Giveaway
As great as having a popular blogger write about your product is, it's even better if you can engage her readers in the process. To do this, businesses often will ask the blogger to host a giveaway on the blog. A giveaway goes beyond getting a blogger's readers interested in your product. Widgets like the one provided by Rafflecopter let you give extra entries to participants who like you on Facebook, follow you on Twitter, sign up for your email newsletter list, and more.
You can benefit even more from your giveaway by offering a special discount to the entrants that don't win. In the blog announcing the winner, have the mommy blogger announce that you'll give a sizeable discount to anyone who purchases from your site within a specific time period and mentions an offer code. You'll likely be able to win a large number of customers who were hopeful about winning the giveaway and find hope in being able to get the product at a large cost savings.
Know the Legalities
The FTC has clamped down on bloggers who post reviews of products without disclosing they were paid for doing so. As a result, bloggers are now required to post a disclaimer on their websites to alert readers that they receive products free in exchange for an honest review. Some will even disclose that they charge a fee for their reviews and state what that fee is. It's important that you check to ensure any blogger you approach has such a disclaimer to avoid being associated with a site that accepts free products and posts reviews without disclosures. Your brand could be guilty by association if such behavior is discovered.
Because their highly popular blogs often focus on product and service recommendations, mommy bloggers are an ideal channel to include in your marketing campaigns. Through diligent research, you can find a blogger with the ideal readership for your brand and over time, you'll develop relationships you can nurture over the years to promote your future announcements.
Follow Jayson DeMers on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jaysondemers
More:

Vietnam makes rare push into bond marketsVietnam makes rare push into bond markets
Elaine Moore and Robin Wigglesworth
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6b5f9a8-65b6-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Trichet had to get tough with DublinNovember 6, 2014 6:56 pm
Trichet played the tough man with Dublin, but he had no choice
Peter Doyle
If France or Italy defies an ECB ultimatum, the eurozone could again be in crisis, says Peter Doyle
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2de34e04-65ce-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AstraZeneca: priorities© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/76fca490-65ca-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dish Networks: shuffling the deck© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/8cc49952-65db-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Finally  our elected officials are giving Britney Spears the respect she deservesBy Hunter Schwarz November 6 Follow @hunterschwarz
Singer Britney Spears, Clark County Commissioner Steve Sisolak and David Hoenemeyer, right, regional president of Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino, Bally’s Las Vegas and Paris Las Vegas, attend a “Britney Day” event at the LINQ Promenade held to celebrate Spears’s Las Vegas residency show, “Britney: Piece of Me,” in Las Vegas. (Ethan Miller/Getty Images)
Go call the police, go call the
governor
Clark County Board of Commissioners, Britney Spears has been given the Key to the Las Vegas Strip.
Spears, 32, became the 10th person to receive the honor, which was presented at the LINQ Promenade on Wednesday. The day was also declared “Britney Day” by the county.
“It is rare that we are able to host a performer with the credentials that Britney has,” said County Commissioner Steve Sisolak at the event. “With only a year under her belt, ‘Britney: Piece of Me’ at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino has become one of the top-selling performance artist residencies in Las Vegas history, with nearly $30 million in revenue and almost 200,000 attendees.”
Living legend and American icon Britney Spears being presented with a proclamation from Clark County. (Ethan Miller/Getty Images)
Spears was given a proclamation from the county that noted some of her achievements, including more than 100 million records sold worldwide, 24 top 40 hits, a Grammy Award and five No. 1 debut albums.
“With a versatile career as a recording artist, entertainer and performer that has spanned nearly two decades, Britney Spears continues to be a pop icon adored by fans across the world,” Sisolak said.
Las Vegas Mayor Carolyn Goodman was originally scheduled to present Spears with the key at the event, but was “disinvited,” according to the Las Vegas Review Journal , because Sisolak wanted to do the honors.
“I was summarily disinvited because he’s back in town, and he wants to give her the key to the Strip,” Goodman said.”It’s the most ridiculous, infantile thing in the world.”
The Strip is technically not in Las Vegas, but is in an unincorporated portion of Clark County.
The proclamation declaring  Nov. 5, 2014, “Britney Day.” (via Clark County)
Spears’s likeness was also used in a voter registration effort by the county this fall. A cardboard cutout of a Spears impersonator and impersonators portraying Elvis and Lady Gaga and other Las Vegas performers were stationed around town holding signs reading “Don’t Lose Your Voice. Vote.”
Spears began her “Britney: Piece of Me” residency at the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in December 2013, and has dates currently scheduled through 2015.
Reporter for The Washington Post. Formerly of the BuzzFeed Los Angeles bureau.

The Most Important Book of the Year: Bob Herbert s  Losing Our Wayreddit
Bob Herbert's new book Losing Our Way: An Intimate Portrait of a Troubled America is one of the most important, most compelling books that I have read in many years. For those of us who have felt that something has gone seriously wrong in our country, Herbert connects the dots. He provides a carefully documented, well-written account of what went wrong and why. As he pulls together a sweeping narrative, he weaves it through the personal accounts of individuals whose stories are emblematic and heartbreaking.
Herbert reminds us of a time when America's policymakers had great visions for the future and acted to make them real, whether it was the building of the Erie Canal or the transcontinental rail system, Franklin D. Roosevelt's TVA, or Dwight D. Eisenhower's national highway system. He reminds us that the American dream was to create a nation where there were good jobs for those who wanted to work, where there was increasing equality, and a growing middle class.
What we have today is a nation dominated by plutocrats and corporations, which are allowed by the U.S. Supreme Court's Citizens United decision to dump unlimited amounts of money into elections and to write legislation that favors plutocrats and corporations; what we have is historic levels of wealth inequality and income inequality, where corporations outsource good jobs and many people are slipping from the middle class into minimum wage jobs or even poverty. Herbert explains that our failure to invest in rebuilding the nation's infrastructure has left us with crumbling bridges, tunnels, water mains, sewers, and gas lines, which are dangerous and sometimes fatal to citizens who happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, as bridges collapse, levees fall, and gas lines explode.
He goes into detail about the corporate assault on public education, fueled by the plutocrats' desire to turn education into a free market. He points out that the plutocrats' favorite reform -- charter schools -- enroll a tiny percentage of students and have on average an unimpressive record. Their relentless attacks on the teaching profession will damage that profession for many years into the future. Herbert spent time in Pittsburgh, meeting the activists and parent leaders there. He saw at ground-level the harm inflicted by massive cuts in the state budget and the determination of parents to fight back. He describes the emptiness of the reformers' boast that they can close the achievement gap by privatization and by union-busting. Having talked to teachers, parents, and principals, he knows the harm that poverty inflicts on children, the pain caused by living without adequate food, shelter, and medical care.
Herbert writes movingly about the endless wars in the Middle East of the past decade. Did the policymakers know what they were doing when they launched the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan? Did they have a strategy for victory? No, they did not. They launched wars with a goal (victory) but not a plan. He quotes Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, who assured the American public that our invasion of Iraq would not last longer than five months. Herbert writes about a remote sector in Afghanistan called "the valley of death," where American troops struggled to establish a base. It was portrayed in an award-winning documentary called Restrepo. Many young Americans died there, but no one could explain why our troops were sent there; eventually, the disaster ended, and we abandoned that forlorn valley. Herbert cites economists who calculate that the wars of the past decade will cost trillions of dollars, as well as thousands of American lives and hundreds of thousands of lives of people in the countries we went to "save." There is no end in sight. Does anyone still believe that Iraq or Afghanistan are on their way to become stable democracies or even a country that will no longer harbor terrorists?
Herbert pulls all these events and issues into a coherent whole. We have lost our way. Our elected officials dream no big dreams. They have little or no concept of major public works programs to rebuild our nation's infrastructure, which would put millions of people to work and invigorate our economy. They willingly waste blood and treasure on wars in distant lands, yet they cannot bring themselves to invest in our nation and create jobs by rebuilding the vital roads, tunnels, bridges, sewers, and other public assets that are now in disrepair, rusting, crumbling, threatening lives. We have money aplenty for war, but no money to put people to work fixing our infrastructure. Plutocrats buy politicians to protect their fortunes and reduce their taxes. Corporations buy politicians who will deregulate their activities and cut their taxes. The stock market rewards corporations that cut their payroll, firing experienced employees who had served those corporations loyally for decades. Men like Jack Welch of GE and "Chainsaw Al" Dunlap became famous as business leaders who coolly and heartlessly fired tens of thousands of workers to increase shareholder value in their corporations.
Herbert writes:
"How did things go so wrong? How is it that so many millions were finding it so difficult to get ahead, to emerge from the terrible, demoralizing rut of joblessness and underemployment? In a country as rich as the United States, why were so many being left behind?
"The biggest factor by far was the toxic alliance forged by government and America's megacorporations and giant banks. That alliance of elites, fueled by endless greed and a near-pathological quest for power, reshaped the rules and regulations of the economy and the society at large to heavily favor the interest of those who were already well-to-do. In the process they trampled the best interests of ordinary Americans."
Herbert's book comes alive through his account of the experiences of two individuals: one, a woman in Minnesota who was driving across a bridge that spanned the Mississippi River when it collapsed in 2007; the other, a young man who was grievously wounded in Afghanistan and struggled to regain the ability to walk. In these and many other accounts of individuals and families, Herbert uses his superb journalistic skills to bring major issues to life. Along with the data and the documentation to make his arguments, Herbert vividly portrays what matters most: the human impact of political decisions.
If you read only one book this year, make it Bob Herbert's Losing Our Way. It will change you. It will make you want to get involved, take action, make a difference. As he says at the end of the book, it doesn't have to be this way. Changing it depends on us.
________
Diane Ravitch is a historian of American education.
Follow Diane Ravitch on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DianeRavitch
More:

Deleveraging Has Not Yet Run Its Coursereddit
I've argued for some time that the process of deleveraging has yet to run its course.  The aggregate level of debt in our economy currently stands at a record high, even though many pundits continue to say that debt levels are much more manageable now as compared to the pre-crisis days.  In my view, the disconnect can be attributed to ultra-low (and artificially low) interest rates, which have lowered debt-service burdens even though the absolute level of debt continues to grow.  But we cannot depend on interest rates staying this low forever.  Ultimately, rising rates will take a dramatic toll on the economy's ability to service such high levels of debt.  Prudence would dictate a more definitive solution to our problem of too much debt.
The first chart below shows the absolute level of total US debt, to include: consumer debt (including mortgage debt), non-financial business debt, state & local government debt, federal government debt, and financial-sector debt.  You will see that the total (as of the end of the 3Q) is about $54.5 trillion - a record.  Had we included the federal government's borrowings from the Social Security trust, this figure would be about $5 trillion higher.
The second chart shows total debt as a percentage of GDP.  While this figure has come down a bit from close to 350% in 2008-2009, it is still about 311% - well above historical averages.  The ratio has come down only because the denominator (GDP) has increased dramatically since the financial crisis.
The third chart is the point I continue to emphasize.  While the absolute level of total consumer debt has indeed come down slightly since the highs in 2007-2008, the decrease has been dwarfed by a massive increase in federal government debt.  The combination of the two now stands at about $26 trillion - well above the pre-financial crisis level of about $18-$19 trillion.  In other words, debt has simply been transferred from the consumer to the federal government (and then some!).
And finally, the last chart shows the trends in business debt.  While financial sector debt has come down significantly from a high of over $17 trillion to about $14 trillion (as of the end of the 3Q), non-financial business debt has risen rather sharply over the past five years from $10 trillion in 2010 to about $11.7 trillion at the end of the 3Q - an increase of about 17%.  The increase can largely be attributed to companies issuing low-rate debt so they can buy back stock.  Stock buybacks have been a major driver of EPS growth over the past few years.  Many are beginning to speculate that the big increases in debt levels at US companies cannot continue, eliminating a major source of EPS growth.
As you can see, the economy is not deleveraging the way it should following a financial crisis.  The federal government has effectively assumed much of the consumer debt through massive increases in transfer payments (Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, veteran benefits, unemployment insurance, food stamps, disability, etc.).  The Fed, for its part, has simply encouraged more borrowing through the suppression of interest rates in an effort to drive higher rates of consumption and investment.  In the process, asset prices (stocks, bonds, and housing) have skyrocketed as investors have sought higher returns on their money.
Furthermore, federal government debt has grown immensely, which wouldn't be as big of a problem if the government had used the low-rate environment to extend the duration of its debt.  Eventually, interest rates will rise and so will the debt service burden for the federal government (and consumers as well).  And all this will happen when more and more baby boomers start retiring, causing entitlement payments to increase dramatically.
Moral of the story:  The answer to the problem of too much debt is not the encouragement of more debt.
Follow Michael Farr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Michael_K_Farr
More:
Investing Investment Investors Bonds Treasury Bonds Municipal Bonds The Fed Federal Budget 2014 Fed Vix State of the Union Republicans Democrats Quantitative Easing Tapering Fed Taper Fed Tapering Unemployment Unemployment Labor Market Congress Stock Market Private Equity Equity Sotu 2014 Barack Obama Stimulus Package Economic Recovery Economics Politics Business News Business Careers
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

The Most Important Book of the Year: Bob Herberts Losing Our Wayreddit
Bob Herbert's new book Losing Our Way: An Intimate Portrait of a Troubled America is one of the most important, most compelling books that I have read in many years. For those of us who have felt that something has gone seriously wrong in our country, Herbert connects the dots. He provides a carefully documented, well-written account of what went wrong and why. As he pulls together a sweeping narrative, he weaves it through the personal accounts of individuals whose stories are emblematic and heartbreaking.
Herbert reminds us of a time when America's policymakers had great visions for the future and acted to make them real, whether it was the building of the Erie Canal or the transcontinental rail system, Franklin D. Roosevelt's TVA, or Dwight D. Eisenhower's national highway system. He reminds us that the American dream was to create a nation where there were good jobs for those who wanted to work, where there was increasing equality, and a growing middle class.
What we have today is a nation dominated by plutocrats and corporations, which are allowed by the U.S. Supreme Court's Citizens United decision to dump unlimited amounts of money into elections and to write legislation that favors plutocrats and corporations; what we have is historic levels of wealth inequality and income inequality, where corporations outsource good jobs and many people are slipping from the middle class into minimum wage jobs or even poverty. Herbert explains that our failure to invest in rebuilding the nation's infrastructure has left us with crumbling bridges, tunnels, water mains, sewers, and gas lines, which are dangerous and sometimes fatal to citizens who happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, as bridges collapse, levees fall, and gas lines explode.
He goes into detail about the corporate assault on public education, fueled by the plutocrats' desire to turn education into a free market. He points out that the plutocrats' favorite reform -- charter schools -- enroll a tiny percentage of students and have on average an unimpressive record. Their relentless attacks on the teaching profession will damage that profession for many years into the future. Herbert spent time in Pittsburgh, meeting the activists and parent leaders there. He saw at ground-level the harm inflicted by massive cuts in the state budget and the determination of parents to fight back. He describes the emptiness of the reformers' boast that they can close the achievement gap by privatization and by union-busting. Having talked to teachers, parents, and principals, he knows the harm that poverty inflicts on children, the pain caused by living without adequate food, shelter, and medical care.
Herbert writes movingly about the endless wars in the Middle East of the past decade. Did the policymakers know what they were doing when they launched the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan? Did they have a strategy for victory? No, they did not. They launched wars with a goal (victory) but not a plan. He quotes Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, who assured the American public that our invasion of Iraq would not last longer than five months. Herbert writes about a remote sector in Afghanistan called "the valley of death," where American troops struggled to establish a base. It was portrayed in an award-winning documentary called Restrepo. Many young Americans died there, but no one could explain why our troops were sent there; eventually, the disaster ended, and we abandoned that forlorn valley. Herbert cites economists who calculate that the wars of the past decade will cost trillions of dollars, as well as thousands of American lives and hundreds of thousands of lives of people in the countries we went to "save." There is no end in sight. Does anyone still believe that Iraq or Afghanistan are on their way to become stable democracies or even a country that will no longer harbor terrorists?
Herbert pulls all these events and issues into a coherent whole. We have lost our way. Our elected officials dream no big dreams. They have little or no concept of major public works programs to rebuild our nation's infrastructure, which would put millions of people to work and invigorate our economy. They willingly waste blood and treasure on wars in distant lands, yet they cannot bring themselves to invest in our nation and create jobs by rebuilding the vital roads, tunnels, bridges, sewers, and other public assets that are now in disrepair, rusting, crumbling, threatening lives. We have money aplenty for war, but no money to put people to work fixing our infrastructure. Plutocrats buy politicians to protect their fortunes and reduce their taxes. Corporations buy politicians who will deregulate their activities and cut their taxes. The stock market rewards corporations that cut their payroll, firing experienced employees who had served those corporations loyally for decades. Men like Jack Welch of GE and "Chainsaw Al" Dunlap became famous as business leaders who coolly and heartlessly fired tens of thousands of workers to increase shareholder value in their corporations.
Herbert writes:
"How did things go so wrong? How is it that so many millions were finding it so difficult to get ahead, to emerge from the terrible, demoralizing rut of joblessness and underemployment? In a country as rich as the United States, why were so many being left behind?
"The biggest factor by far was the toxic alliance forged by government and America's megacorporations and giant banks. That alliance of elites, fueled by endless greed and a near-pathological quest for power, reshaped the rules and regulations of the economy and the society at large to heavily favor the interest of those who were already well-to-do. In the process they trampled the best interests of ordinary Americans."
Herbert's book comes alive through his account of the experiences of two individuals: one, a woman in Minnesota who was driving across a bridge that spanned the Mississippi River when it collapsed in 2007; the other, a young man who was grievously wounded in Afghanistan and struggled to regain the ability to walk. In these and many other accounts of individuals and families, Herbert uses his superb journalistic skills to bring major issues to life. Along with the data and the documentation to make his arguments, Herbert vividly portrays what matters most: the human impact of political decisions.
If you read only one book this year, make it Bob Herbert's Losing Our Way. It will change you. It will make you want to get involved, take action, make a difference. As he says at the end of the book, it doesn't have to be this way. Changing it depends on us.
________
Diane Ravitch is a historian of American education.
Follow Diane Ravitch on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DianeRavitch
More:

Virgin faulted for safety precautionsVirgin faulted for safety precautions
Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5090439e-6510-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China and Japan: Eyes on a compromise© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23d132ae-64d5-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why are global oil prices dropping Vladimir Putin has a theory.By Michael Birnbaum November 6 Follow @michaelbirnbaum
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a meeting outside Moscow on Thursday. (Alexander Nemenov/Reuters)
MOSCOW — Global oil prices have been plummeting, and Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday offered a theory why: politics.
Oil prices fell to a four-year low this week, and that has further tightened the screws on Russia’s economy, already hit hard by sanctions and fears of recession. The Russian ruble has been plummeting, in part because the country’s economic well-being is so closely tied to the price of oil. On Thursday alone, the ruble dropped 3.64 percent against the dollar.
With tensions again spiking in Ukraine, Putin has been quick to lash out against perceived enemies. Accusations that oil prices are being manipulated to hurt the Kremlin date to 1986, when Saudi Arabia unleashed a torrent of cheap oil onto global markets, hurting the Soviet Union when it was already teetering economically.
Putin said Thursday that the falling oil prices can be blamed on increased production and decreased consumption – but also on other, less visible causes.
“The obvious reason of the decline in global oil prices is the slowdown in the rate of economic growth, which means energy consumption being reduced in a whole range of countries,” Putin said in written responses to questions from Chinese news outlets that were released Thursday.
“In addition, a political component is always present in oil prices,” he said. “Furthermore, at some moments of crisis it starts to feel like it is the politics that prevails in the pricing of energy resources.”
A board lists foreign currency rates against the Russian ruble in central Moscow on Thursday. The ruble's value is plummeting; on Thursday alone, it dropped 3.64 percent against the dollar. (Dmitry Serebryakov/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
The claim that Saudi Arabia increased oil production in the late 1980s to hurt the Soviet Union has been advanced by none other than Michael Reagan, the son of former president Ronald Reagan.
“Since selling oil was the source of the Kremlin's wealth, my father got the Saudis to flood the market with cheap oil,” he wrote in March.
(The truth is far less conclusive – the dropping oil prices in the late 1980s probably had little to do with the Soviet Union in the cross hairs.)
Still, with relations between the West and Russia at their worst since the Cold War, Putin appears to be accusing global oil producers of a modern-day repetition.
One of the only silver linings for Russia is that as the value of the ruble drops, each dollar it makes from oil sales can fund a bigger part of its domestic budget, because its budget commitments are in rubles.
Michael Birnbaum is The Post’s Moscow bureau chief. He previously served as the Berlin correspondent and an education reporter.

The FBI promises a perpetual  futile drug war as it shuts down Silk Road 2.0By Christopher Ingraham November 6 Follow @_cingraham
Photo by Flickr user David Hilowitz (CC)
Today, the FBI seized the Darknet market Silk Road 2.0 and arrested its alleged operator , Blake Benthall . The former SpaceX employee now faces a mandatory minimum sentence of 10 years for "conspiring to commit narcotics trafficking," and could end up behind bars for the rest of this life.
The website DeepDotWeb has confirmed that two other Darknet markets, Hydra and Cloud 9, have also been seized by the FBI. But the remaining Darknet markets -- and there are a lot of them -- appear to be functioning normally.
It's possible other markets may come down soon, or that they are already under the control of the FBI. But if this latest operation is restricted to just the three sites named above, it would affect only a fraction - anywhere from a quarter to a third - of total Darknet commerce.
In August of this year, the group Digital Citizens' Alliance issued a report on the size of Darknet markets, including the number of items for sale on each. All told, Silk Road 2.0, Hydra and Cloud 9 accounted for roughly 20,000 out of 66,000 listings, including drugs and other items.
Silk Road 2.0 is the largest of the three seized sites, but a recent story by The Economist suggest that its overall Darknet market share has shrunk since August. It's also very likely that a number of other Darknet markets have sprung up since then, and that the existing markets have boosted the number of items for sale.
All told, the latest operation represents a much smaller share of the overall Darknet market than the original Silk Road bust last year. Back then, Silk Road was the only major player in the game. But the Darknet economy rebounded from that set back, growing to more than double its original size within a year. There's currently no reason to expect that the same thing won't happen again this time.
In the FBI's statement , U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said "Those looking to follow in the footsteps of alleged cybercriminals should understand that we will return as many times as necessary to shut down noxious online criminal bazaars. We don’t get tired." 
In essence, this is nothing more than a promise of an endless arms race between the FBI and Darknet administrators. It's understandable that the FBI is going to pursue to biggest facilitators of drug sales -- which are still illegal at the federal level -- but it' stills a throwback to the darkest days of the drug war, when law enforcement's relentless focus on "supply reduction,"  shutting down drug sellers and manufacturers, fueled a surge in crime and had, studies showed , no impact on overall drug use trends.
Much of the rhetoric coming out of the federal government recently, on the other hand, has been focused on the flip side of that coin: demand reduction, including drug use prevention and treatment measures. These measures largely embrace the notion that drug use is a fact of modern life, and that the best way to address it is to focus on eliminating the harms associated with it.
Christopher Ingraham writes about politics, drug policy and all things data. He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center.

Jihadis on cruise ships to join extremists in Syria and IraqTop Interpol officials said that would-be jihadi fighters are booking tickets on cruise ships to join extremists.
By: Associated Press | Monaco | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:09 pm
Top Interpol officials said that would-be jihadi fighters are booking tickets on cruise ships to join extremists in battle zones in Syria and Iraq, hoping to bypass efforts to thwart them in Turkey.
Pierre St Hilaire, Interpol’s counterterror director, and outgoing Interpol chief Ronald Noble suggested the Turkish crackdown and increased monitoring of airports are forcing some would-be jihadis into alternative travel plans.
Noble said, “There are more and more reports that people are using cruise ships in order to get to launch pads, if you will sort of closer to the conflict zones of Syria and Iraq.”
The international police body is hoping to expand a pilot program that lets airlines bounce passenger information off its databases to include cruise lines, banks and hotels.

GOP: We won by deciding we couldnt get Akind. No more witches.By Sean Sullivan November 6 Follow @WaPoSean
Senator-elect Cory Gardner (R-Colo.), center, celebrates with friends and family behind him after being declared the winner in the race at the Colorado Republican party's election night event at the Denver Tech Center Hyatt on Nov. 4. (Marc Piscotty/Getty Images)
Republican officials on Thursday credited their sweeping midterm wins to recruiting much better candidates than they did in previous cycles, and putting them through rigorous preparations to avoid the public relations blunders that sank past recruits.
"We didn't just win this election on Tuesday. It started a year ago by deciding we couldn't be Akin'd anymore. No more witches. No more gaffes," said Ward Baker, the political director at the National Republican Senatorial Committee.
Baker, who briefed reporters alongside colleagues at the NRSC, was referring to Todd Akin and Christine O'Donnell, disastrous GOP Senate nominees in 2012 and 2010 who destroyed the party's chances of picking up states they had been poised to flip.
About 80 percent of 2013 was spent on recruiting candidates, Baker said. "There were people that were either going to run or have us arrested for stalking," he quipped.
Fresh off winning back the Senate majority Tuesday and perhaps gaining as many as nine seats, NRSC officials also said that effective spending and polling, a superior ground game and flaws with the Democratic strategy boosted them to victory.
Rob Collins, executive director of the NRSC, argued that Democrats should have used President Obama on the campaign trail.
"They sidelined their best messenger," he said.
In Colorado, where Rep. Cory Gardner (R) unseated Sen. Mark Udall (D), Collins said Democrats suffered because they didn't talk about the declining unemployment rate there during Obama's watch, instead focusing most of their efforts on criticizing Gardner's positions on abortion and contraception.
"They left their base behind," Collins said.
The Republicans said their ground game worked well, despite the outsize attention paid to highly-touted Democratic efforts. The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee dubbed its $60 million, 10-state ground operation the "Bannock Street Project." NRSC spokesman Brad Dayspring argued that the effort fell flat and turned out to be "The New Coke" of the 2014 cycle.
Republicans said they deliberately abstained from trying to stay toe to toe with Democrats in public comments about the ground game battle, even as they knew privately that they were having success. Instead, they encouraged their candidates to "show them on the field," Baker explained.
"[DSCC executive director] Guy Cecil talked about how many doors they hit one week. You know, we tripled that —doubled that one week," he said.
Baker also said the NRSC checked to make sure the polling the Republican campaigns was doing was correct by also doing it themselves. "They knew towards the end we were checking everybody," he said.
Republicans have picked up seven seats thus far and could gain two more. In Alaska, Republican Dan Sullivan leads Sen. Mark Begich (D) as additional votes are still being counted. In Louisiana, Sen. Mary Landrieu (D) faces a Dec. 6 runoff against Rep. Bill Cassidy (R). Pre-election polls have shown that Cassidy has the upper hand.
The DSCC has canceled some of the advertising time it had reserved, strategists tracking the ad war said Thursday, which is more bad news for Landrieu.
"Mary Landrieu is a proven runoff winner and we support her 100 percent," said DSCC spokesman Justin Barasky. "We are going to make ongoing determinations on how best to invest in the race. We made the initial reservation when there were concerns that the rates would skyrocket but they have stabilized, giving us more flexibility to make week-to-week decisions."
Landrieu has touted her position as chair of the Senate Energy Committee as a chief selling point. But with Democrats losing their majority, she will no longer hold that position come January 2015.
"She has absolutely no juice on Capitol Hill," said NRSC senior adviser Kevin McLaughlin.
Despite having about $9 million in debt, the NRSC said it is confident that it will have the funds to compete as needed in Louisiana.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

VA chief: I cant just walk into a room and fire peopleBy Josh Hicks November 6 Follow @reporter_hicks
Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald answers questions from reporters at a breakfast Thursday. (Michael Bonfigli/The Christian Science Monitor via AP)
Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald defended his approach to cleaning house Thursday after the scheduling scandal that rocked his agency before he took office, saying his new firing authorities aren’t as broad as people might think.
Congress and President Obama this summer approved legislation to shorten the process for removing senior Department of Veterans Affairs executives after government reviews found that VA medical centers had fudged appointment data to hide treatment delays.
At a breakfast with reporters in Washington, McDonald noted that  the new law  shortened the appeal process to just a few weeks but didn’t give him authority to terminate employees without delay. (Yes, this was a McDonald breakfast, but not the kind that comes with hash browns).
“The law didn’t grant any kind of new power that would suddenly give me the ability to walk into a room and simply fire people,” he said. “Our Constitution provides for due process, and we are following the due process.”
Republican lawmakers including Sen. John McCain (Ariz.), Jeff Flake (Ariz.) and House Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller (Fla.) have accused the VA of acting too slowly to remove officials deemed to be responsible for the record-keeping scandal. Miller has also raised concerns about the agency giving executives five days advanced notice  before initiating their terminations.
The VA has said that Congress would need to pass additional legislation to stop the notices, which give employees a chance to respond to charges against them as part of civil-service protections.
McDonald on Thursday also addressed suggestions that his agency missed the deadline for issuing Veterans Choice Cards , a temporary new benefit from this summer’s VA law that allows former troops to obtain care outside the department’s hospital network if they have waited too long for an appointment or live far away from VA medical centers.
Instead of mailing all the cards out at once, the VA issued a first batch Wednesday to veterans who live at least 40 miles from the nearest agency clinic, and it plans to send out a second round of cards on Nov. 17 for those who have waited more than 30 days for an appointment.
“The law didn’t specify which cards would go out on which days,” McDonald said. “Laws generally are not that clear.”
The VA legislation says that “the Secretary shall, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, issue to each [eligible veteran] a card that may be presented to a health care provider to facilitate the receipt of care or services under this section.”
Friday is the 90-day mark, so a case could be made that the VA will have missed the deadline by the time it issues the second round of cards later this month. Agency officials have said that rushing the program could led to problems.
McDonald said he worked closely with congressional committees to determine how to best implement the program after the law was passed.
“I had separate meetings and went through the law to find out what we needed to correct,” the secretary said. “At the time, there were no ideas on how to best execute this.”
Veterans groups have offered mixed reactions to the phased rollout. In a statement Wednesday, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America expressed disappointment with the approach, calling it “another fumbled opportunity to deliver for our nation’s veterans.”
Ian DePlanque, legislative director for the American Legion, said his organization is mostly concerned about the whether the program functions properly and whether the VA explains it clearly to veterans.
“At least this is moving forward,” he said. “But I absolutely understand the frustration of people who have been waiting for more than 30 days and find out they’re not in first group. It has to be incredibly frustrating for them.”
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

The tech community is abandoning ALECBy Nancy Scola November 6 Follow @nancyscola
 
The headquarters of software giant SAP in Walldorf, Germany. The German company recently announced that it was leaving the American Legislative Exchange Council, better known as ALEC. (EPA/Uwe Anspach)
German software giant SAP has become the latest tech company to abandon the American Legislative Exchange Council, the 40-year old group known for quietly advancing business-centric, often conservative, bills through state legislatures.
The technology firm "has decided to immediately disassociate itself from ALEC," according to a statement obtained by National Journal . When asked why, SAP pointed to ALEC's approach to the issues of climate change ("free market environmentalism"), gun control ( in favor of "Stand Your Ground" laws ) and voting rights ( in favor of voter IDs ).
SAP is only the latest high-profile tech company to abandon ALEC. In late September, Google chairman Eric Schmidt announced on local public radio in Washington that his company was pulling support from the group, saying that the "consensus within the company" was that backing of ALEC was "some sort of mistake." Fellow brand-name U.S. tech companies, such as Yahoo, Facebook and Yelp, soon followed suit .
An ALEC spokesman did not immediately return a call for comment.
One twist in the exodus? Companies like Google created the conditions that are making it difficult, if not impossible, for them to stay in ALEC.
How's that? ALEC pitches itself as a place for business and government to work together to advance legislation, and for a time, the tech community saw it as that, too -- particularly during the last decade, when West Coast Internet-based companies were just starting to engage in politics and still finding their footing.
But in the last few years, those same tech companies have found their political strength and savvy (not to mention giant bank accounts). Instead of partnering with groups that represent broad interests, such as, say, the defense industry, in recent years they've been retreating to organizations such as the Internet Association that focus on what matters to them most.
There's also something else behind the retreat. ALEC's main skill set is working in a distributed fashion, advancing legislation state by state -- including bans on municipal broadband like the one just rejected by voters in seven Colorado communities . By the time an issue emerged on the national stage, ALEC's take on it had the air of accepted fact. For decades, ALEC's involvement has happened below the radar.
But in recent years a site called ALEC Exposed has trawled the Internet looking for signs of ALEC's influence on bills and its supporting memoranda, pulling the evidence into an online wiki that has served as fodder for countless blog posts, articles and radio news segments. That site has made it difficult to ignore ALEC's clout.
ALEC Exposed successfully tied ALEC to "Stand Your Ground" laws across the country after the 2012 shooting death of Trayvon Martin in Florida. Digital-savvy online advocacy groups like Color of Change  leveraged that evidence to persuade some of ALEC's corporate backers to withdraw support.
Throw in the sentiments of Google CEO Schmidt -- who said ALEC was "just literally lying" about climate change --and for companies in the tech industry, where Schmidt is something of a thought leader, those words likely sounded like permission to get as far away from ALEC as possible.
 "That was very much a catalyst kind of event," said Dale Eisman, communications director Common Cause, the D.C.-based advocacy group founded more than 40 years ago that has long seen ALEC as a foe.
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

Manned commercial space flight: The final unregulated frontierBy Andrea Peterson November 6 Follow @kansasalps
An archive handout photo obtained on 11 October 2010 from Virgin Galactic shows SpaceShipTwo as it glides toward Earth on its first test flight. The spacecraft was destroyed in a test flight last week. (EPA/MARK GREENBERG/VIRGIN GALACTIC)
Space is the final frontier, but under current law manned commercial space flight is a largely unregulated frontier in the U.S.
The destruction of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo during a test flight last week, which killed one pilot and injured another, is a reminder that even as we rush towards commercial space tourism and travel, the industry is fraught with dangers -- dangers some experts say the current regulatory framework is not yet prepared to handle.
While decades of NASA's space program resulted in a framework for dealing with the aftermath of accidents involving publicly funded missions that involved major commissions and the input from multiple agencies, the SpaceShipTwo accident serves as the trial run for investigating manned commercial space accidents.
The Federal Aviation Administration does have the Office of Commercial Space Transportation, also known as AST. However the office does not certify the safety of spacecrafts the same way the FAA certifies the safety of passenger airliners. Instead, it licenses launches, but that licensing is all about the safety of people on the ground or making sure the spacecrafts do not hit other crafts in the air.
"What AST does is protect third parties and property from damage by activities in space -- they do not regulate the actual space flight and payloads except to require enough insurance of safety that third parties will not be injured," said John Logsdon, the former director of the Space Policy Institute at The George Washington University.
"The FAA is prohibited from regulating launch or reentry vehicle occupant safety until late in 2015, barring a death, serious injury, of or close call that can be attributed to a design feature or operating practice, under Commercial Space Launch Act," said FAA spokesperson Hank Price in a statement. "The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 extended this prohibition on occupant safety regulations to October 1, 2015."
Until the SpaceShipTwo accident, no activity that AST licensed or permitted had resulted in serious injury or a crew fatality, he said.
Licensing does include insurance requirements for the "maximum probable loss" of covered claims from third parties, which is calculated by the FAA after operators provide them with information about pre-, post-, and in-flight processes.
The investigation into the SpaceShipTwo accident is being handled by the National Transportation Safety Board. The roughly 400 NTSB employees split between its headquarters in Washington and four regional field offices investigate every civil aviation accident in the U.S., along with major accidents in other modes of transportation such as railways or even natural gas pipelines.
But the agency has no formal authority to regulate the transportation industry -- instead, it is charged with conducting independent investigations and making safety recommendations. The agency did its first investigation into a commercial rocket launch in the early 90s and assisted the investigation of the Challenger and Columbia disasters, but the crash of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo is the first time it is leading an investigation into a manned spacecraft accident.
"Up until last weekend it was something we knew was coming and had been working to ensure we were ready for -- and now it is upon us," said John DeLisi, the Director of NTSB's Office of Aviation Safety.
While this is a new arena for the agency, DeLisi is confident that their work providing support for the investigations into the previous manned space travel disasters and commercial rocket anomalies has prepared the agency to provide a thorough investigation into the SpaceShipTwo crash.
"Performing a reconstruction of the wreckage is really something we're very familiar with," he said, adding that the agency is already familiar with Virgin Galactic's program. As Virgin Galactic began to get going, NTSB got to know the company, he explained. "They've sent people to our training facility out in Ashburn, and we'd already made visits out to Mojave to understand where they were in their program."
There's also vast amounts of data about the accident, he said, including telemetry data about hundreds if not thousands of parameters and real-time video from the cockpit as well as video of the the vehicle breaking up in flight. "It has given us an insight that we never have had before in an aircraft accident," he said.
Tragic as the SpaceShipTwo accident was, DeLisi notes that such accidents are the exact reason that there is real world testing of experimental transportation methods. "The crew on board were experienced , and the test pilot who died knowingly was a pioneer in commercial space."
The first space tourists, too, might be considered pioneers. Under the current regulatory scheme, they would not be considered passengers, but "participants" who agree to the risk of space flight via informed consent. "Informed consent regulations require crew and spaceflight participants to be informed, in writing, of mission hazards and risks, vehicle safety record, and the overall safety record of all launch and reentry vehicles," said Price.
DeLisi does think that the manned commercial space industry will eventually face similar regulatory structures to that of the commercial airline industry. "We've come such a far way in a hundred years getting used to aviation travel and having it be so safe that it's by far the safest way to travel -- and we got there because of regulations that didn't exist when the Wright Brothers started, but grew over time in response to accidents," he said.
In fact, DeLisi sees the NTSB expanding more and more into investigating manned space travel accidents as technology progresses. "Perhaps in our lifetime we will travel from New York to LA in some sort of rocket powered aircraft that gets us there within an hour," he speculated.
"It's going to be a sea change, it's going to revolutionizes how we regulate -- but certainly at this point as far as this industry goes, those standards don't exist yet," he said.
But Logsdon thinks that the SpaceShipTwo accident may spur along the development of a more robust framework. "AST has been in dialogue with the private space flight industry and the industry has reacted saying we don't need regulation -- I think it's going to be very hard to make that argument after this accident," he said.
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

A Perspective on When a Business Plan Adds Valuereddit
As a startup mentor and investor, I am approached regularly by aspiring entrepreneurs who assert that business plans are a waste of time. They cite sources like the BusinessWeek story, " Real Entrepreneurs Don't Write Business Plans " and this Forbes article . From my perspective, much of this advice is an urban legend and just plain wrong.
Based on my experience, a business plan always adds value to the entrepreneur - most people can't build a complete plan in their head, and need the process of organizing it on paper to make it consistent and complete. The size of the document should be based on your style, but 10-20 pages or slides are usually more than adequate to outline even a complex business.
Beyond the value to the entrepreneur, let's take a look at how and when a written plan might add value, or even be required, by other people who may be critical to the success of your startup efforts. Most of these scenarios involve attracting outside investors, strategic partners, or key team members:
You are the team and you don't need outside funding. Tiny bootstrapped teams usually don't have a business plan, and probably don't need one. They can iterate and evolve their business idea with a low burn rate and minimal dependencies. A formal plan will only add value after they finalize a model, build a team, and are ready to scale.
You've built a successful startup before, and plan to use the same investors. If you have a proven track record, investors don't have to see a written plan to believe you can do the job. In fact, they are probably in such a hurry to give you money that they don't want you to waste time writing anything down and passing it along to new investors.
You need funding, and plan to get it from friends and family. Hopefully you know your friends and family better than I do, so you decide when a business plan is required. If your rich uncle is an accountant, or has his own business, I recommend a good business plan. On the other hand, your mother probably won't read one.
You need money, and plan to do crowdfunding. Although the major crowd funding sites today, including Kickstarter and Indiegogo , don't technically require a business plan, they do demand essentially the same information in a project format. Thus building a business plan ahead of time will improve your application and chances of success.
You need an investor, and want a document to mass-mail to everyone. Creating a business plan for this purpose is a waste of time. In fact, the whole process is a waste of time. Most VCs and Angel investors don't read unsolicited proposals, unless they have met you first, or have a glowing recommendation from another investor or acquaintance.
You need an investor, and want to solicit professionals online. Major platforms are available online to find Angel groups or VCs, including Gust and AngelList . These platforms, and every investor who uses them to find entrepreneurs, expects to find a good business plan posted. You won't even be considered without a business plan.
You find an interested investor or bank, and need to close the deal. Most professional investors, even if they like your story, and were properly introduced by a friend, will ask for a business plan at the due diligence stage. They want to see if you have done your homework, have reasonable expectations, and are willing to commit.
You might fairly conclude from these points that a business plan is only "required" if you want to close funding from professional investors who don't already know you or know your track record. Since the best VCs deal primarily with known and proven entrepreneurs, it's easy for them to say that they don't read business plans.
On the other hand, don't forget Angel investors, who fund 60 times as many startups, to the tune of $20 billion last year, who start their search primarily from platforms like the ones mentioned above. A business plan may be a small investment to get a shot at that opportunity.
For the rest of you entrepreneurs, consider the value of a business plan when it is not required. Clemson University professor William B. Gartner looked at data a while back from the Panal Study of Entrepreneurial Dynamics , and found that writing a plan increased the chances by two and a half times that a person would actually go into business.
Of course, building a plan is not an alternative to getting out there and doing something. There is no substitute for knowing your customers first hand, and iterating on a minimum viable product to find the most marketable solution. Writing it down promotes both understanding and commitment.
Overall, I sense that not writing a business plan is more often an excuse rather than a time saver. Building a business is a long-term non-trivial task, like building a house. Would you give money to someone, without a plan, who had never built a house before? Hopefully you wouldn't even build your own house without a plan. You should treat your new business with the same respect.
Follow Marty Zwilling on Twitter: www.twitter.com/StartupPro
More:

25 Ways to Connect With Your Clientsreddit
A few thoughts on clients.
Years ago as I was traveling the country talking to patients and parents about their sick loved ones, someone shared this quote with me:
"You don't care how much someone knows, until you know how much someone cares."
In those days, I also heard:
"It's a long day in the hospital when no one is caring for you."
Gems.
They've stayed with me for years like a rudder to my life's boat.
I've built my life around learning about, reflecting on, thinking of and caring for people -- their motivations, best interests, livelihoods, lives. I've lived different chapters of this; and I do believe the way I care and how I care has changed across the years.
I do think Danny Myer has a good point when he talks about the "service gene," something we are born with. His book, Setting the Table has some great tips on how to care for someone in a restaurant, in life and beyond.
I've learned that caring and client management are about the little things  -- about paying attention. And of course, the little things really are the big things.
A few tips that come to mind that have helped me across the years are listed a touch later.
The most important thing I have found is to care and to reflect, to act and to ask. I trust my gut on timing.
We have a client list we keep and review often. We also have a no call list: people we've decided need breathing room and not to hear from us (even though we think we could be perfect for them and help them a ton!).
We also discuss best next indicated steps often -- and change gears daily. We do things depending on the day of the week, the weather, the season. How we are led, how we feel, what calls us -- all matter. We get quiet and listen to our inner knowing, quiet whispers. We honor that.
We do our best to approach our clients from a framework of joy and ease, kindness and grace with a deep rushing current of steady, strong focused impact.
Sometimes we present as quiet anchors. Sometimes we are lions.
If we aren't truly focused and centered on our clients' best interest and best shot at exceptional, we need to get there before we call, reach out, act.
We believe we attract what we put out into the world. So our best attitude will help our clients with their best attitude.
We focus on the positive and appreciation. We focus on gratitude and service. We focus on people who change the world and positively influence the worlds in which they live.
We enjoy them.
A few tips:
Finding the love you have in your heart for the person, the program, the principles of your shared work and connection.
Investing before you withdraw. Saying thank you before you say please.
Meeting them where they are. Learning who they are, what they want and their deeper motivations. Attending to our clients before our song may become too loud.
Creating opportunities for joy.
Minimizing opportunities for pain. Glancing back, but not staring. Excavating before repaving. Meditating before medicating.
Creating a cadence for the relationship that sings. Trusting our co-created rhythm.
Learning that the first phase of trust building is usually the most critical.
Remembering that the second or third phase of elevating the relationship, adding some zest, staying committed authentic, close and real is also just as critical and meaningful.
Putting your mind and heart into all of it.
Leading with gratitude and appreciation.
Always remaining genuine.
Listening to what they are and are not saying.
Taking time to know and trust your gut on where the relationship, work and results truly are -- and living from that spot.
Asking the client what she wants. Responding accordingly. Listen. Listen. Listen some more. Hear. Here.
Framing the relationship and the expectations up front. Being willing to be honest and forthright, gentle and kind, brave and bold, present and personal. Taking risks that can blow the roof off of something.
Owning your part in the relationship, not theirs. "Let there be spaces in your togetherness." Kahlil Gibran
Communicating with humility, humor and compassion.
Being able to say no in a way that feels like sincere kindness, by focusing on common ground and what is in the best interest of all involved.
Learning more about what the client is and is not saying.
Enjoying it all and always remembering courtesy.
Going beyond the daily or regular connections by sending a hand written thank you note that is genuine and true, if it fits and feels right (making cookies, giving a call, etc.).
If a client is waiting or if there is a disappointment, let them know you are on it and apologize in instances that make sense. Careful not to over-apologize, but to live the amend. Amend is a change, not an apology. Living the changed behavior, I find, is often more difficult than throwing out an apology, but so worth it. Words and actions need to align for best benefit to all, I've found. Trumpeting "I'm sorry" never seems to work well for me. Changing my behavior for the clients' best outcome, I have found, is essential.
Sometimes it is just important to be quiet and wait. Not always, but sometimes.
Cherishing clients is different than focusing on fixing a problem, creating a plan or attending to a task. For us it often involves a saunter. It usually involves marveling and earnest, heartfelt care.
Be a client. Notice what you love, what you don't. Do they put lemon on a plate or on a napkin? What's your preference? Do they face the disappointments head on or hide from them? Do they walk with you shoulder to shoulder for your best interests? Notice. Ask. Live it. Learn.
Just a few thoughts to inspire and transform the possibilities of deeper, more meaningful connections with clients.
Please take what you like and leave the rest. Life is in session. Enjoy your days loving your family, friends, clients, yourself and your life.
More:

The Senate: A Republican Landslidereddit
The news has been filled lately with assertions that the Republicans won the Senate in "a landslide" and that the 2014 Senate election was "a complete repudiation of President Obama." If one looks at the change in the makeup of the Senate, this seems a fair assessment.
Going into Tuesday's election, the Democrats held a 53 to 45 seat majority in the Senate, with the two Independents generally caucusing with the Democrats. On Tuesday, 36 Senate seats were up for grabs. To retain control of the Senate, the Democrats needed to win at least 16 of those 36 seats. This they failed to do. It now appears that the Republicans won 23 of the 36 seats in contention, which means that the next Senate will have 53 Republican Senators.
Put simply, the Republicans won 64 percent of the Senate seats up for election in 2014 (23 of 36). That does, indeed, sound like a "landslide."
But it is not that simple. Because every state has two senators, without regard to its population, the Senate is a rather odd legislative body. It represents the states, but not the American people. Although the Republicans won 64 percent of the Senate seats up for election in 2014, they received only 52 percent of the votes.
This was so because Republicans tend to live in more sparsely populated states like Alaska, Idaho, Kansas, South Dakota, and Montana, whereas Democrats tend to live in more heavily populated states like New York, California, Illinois, Michigan, and New Jersey. Thus, although the Republicans won in a "landslide" of Senate seats, they achieved only a modest victory in terms of overall popular vote.
The problem for the Democrats in terms of the Senate is that they live in the wrong states.
So, here's a plan for the Democrats to "fix" this problem in the future: Democrats have to move into the more sparsely populated Republican states. How many Democrats would have had to move to Republican states in order to have changed the outcome of the 2014 election and leave the Democrats in control of the Senate?
In turns out that only 117,000 additional Democratic voters in Alaska, North Carolina, and South Dakota combined would have tilted the outcomes in those states and left the Democrats in control of the Senate. That's not very many. Given that young voters generally vote Democratic, how hard would it be for 117,000 underemployed young adults to do some serious public service and move to the states that are likely to have the most hotly-contested Senate races in the future? Given the role of money in politics these days, perhaps some wealthy Democratic donors would subsidize their moves.
This is, of course, tongue-in-cheek (in case you were in doubt). But the central point remains: The 2014 Senate election was a Republican "landslide" only if you count states rather than Americans. To make the point even more clearly, although Republicans will now control 53 percent of the seats in the Senate, these Republican senators actually represent only 46 percent of the American people. It's a strange kind of landslide, indeed.
More:

Magna Carta: Awesome Talereddit
On June 15th 1215, in a bucolic meadow outside London, King John of England, beaten down by incessant warring with his own barons, stuck his seal to a document. Eight hundred years later, the implications of that moment are still playing out. Written in Latin, the document was called Magna Carta Liberatum--which translates simply as "Great Charter of Liberties"--or, if you're in a hurry, simply Magna Carta.
Today, Magna Carta is regarded in both the UK and the US as a foundation stone of our freedoms. Next year marks its 800th anniversary, and to celebrate, Lincoln Cathedral in eastern England has sent its copy on a grand tour of the United States. From now until January, it will be exhibited at the Library of Congress.
King John was certainly no fan of Magna Carta, but while in the nobles' clutches he pretty much had to do as he was told. Just as soon as he wriggled free, he broke his oath, repudiated the charter, and started fighting with the barons once again. It was left to his son, Henry III, to sign the definitive 1225 version. In contrast to his father, Henry signed of his own free will... in exchange for a hefty tax to fill the royal coffers.
Why did John hate Magna Carta so much? Because, for the first time in history, it placed clear limits on royal power. Eight centuries on, some clauses sound stunningly modern. For example:
No free man shall be arrested, or imprisoned, or deprived of his property, or outlawed, or exiled or in any way destroyed, nor shall we go against him or send against him, unless by legal judgement of his peers, or by the law of the land.
Today, we regard this idea--that our rulers can't punish or dispossess us just because they feel like it--as a given. In the early thirteenth century, it was revolutionary. Indeed, Magna Carta contains, in embryo, a number of rights we free-thinking moderns take for granted. It even hints at a principle that has caused a certain degree of friction between our two countries historically--no taxation without representation.
In 1776, a group of 56 clever men in Philadelphia decided to use ideas descended from Magna Carta to found an entire country. By that time, they didn't need a King to sign off on those principles, because they held them to be self-evident truths. Chances are, the King wouldn't have agreed anyway.
The connection between Magna Carta and the Declaration of Independence has not gone unnoticed. It certainly didn't escape Winston S. Churchill, himself half-American, who said:
The Declaration of Independence is not only an American document. It follows on Magna Carta and the Bill of Rights [the British one, signed by William III in 1689] as the third great title deed in which the liberties of the English-speaking people are founded.
In 2007, the DC-based philanthropist David Rubenstein bought the last privately-held copy of Magna Carta--a re-issue sealed by Edward I in 1297--and lent it to the National Archives, where it is kept next to the originals of the United States' Declaration of Independence, Constitution and Bill of Rights. Lincoln Cathedral's copy, a 1215 original, comes to the Library of Congress as part of a splendid exhibition entitled Magna Carta: Muse and Mentor. Fittingly, the Library has placed it next to Thomas Jefferson's own library and a display on civil rights.
But this US tour is appropriate for reasons beyond Magna Carta's connection to American liberty. When war broke out in Europe in 1939, the Lincoln version just happened to be in New York, on display at the World's Fair. To save this precious document from incendiary bombs on its return to Britain, the US government generously offered to keep the charter for the duration of the War. It was kept at the Library of Congress until the US entered the War, and then moved to Fort Knox until 1946.
Earlier today, at the opening of the Law Library of Congress exhibition, I was honoured to re-enact the 1939 handover, along with the current Marquess of Lothian, whose predecessor the eleventh Marquess was British Ambassador at the time. More importantly, the speech on behalf of my country was delivered by Her Royal Highness Princess Anne--the Queen's daughter and, in fact, a descendant of King John. Which just goes to show how far we've come in a mere 800 years.
Follow Sir Peter Westmacott on Twitter: www.twitter.com/PeterWestmacott
More:

5 Important Questions to Ask About Your Audience Before Your Next PresentationBy Ridofranz, via ThinkStock
By Debbie Fay, Founder of Bespeak Presentations Solutions, LLC
Every presentation should be built with the audience in mind. In order to do that, you need to be armed with some important information about them. Here are five key questions so ask of whoever invited you to speak.
Who are they?Are they prospects? Clients? Peers? Management? a Board of Directors? One size does not fit all when it comes to presentations.Begin with the simple knowledge of whom you'll be speaking to.
Why are they coming to hear your presentation? Are they coming voluntarily or are they required to be there?Are they coming eagerly or under duress? Understanding their attitude about your message will go a long way in helping you design it. A message for a room full of those cheering you on will be different than a message to a room full of skeptics.
How much do they know about your topic? Are they well-versed in your subject matter or are they clueless?Are there a variety of knowledge levels among the audience members? Is there one know-it-all amidst a group of novices? If they're knowledge levels are mixed (which is often the case) you'll want to create your message very thoughtfully. Your best approach is to aim for middle ground. DO NOT speak to appeal to the most knowledgeable person in the room at the expense of everyone else.Instead, acknowledge Mr. or Mrs. Expert before you begin.I say something like, "Ben here knows at least as much as I do about this topic. If I should drop dead in the middle of this presentation, he can take over." That gives been a shout out for his knowledge without sacrificing the group' understanding of the message.
Do they have preconceived notions about your topic? This is critical to know.Better to walk into the room having a good idea of how your audience feels about your topic than to be blindsided three sentences in.If they're fans of what you'll be speaking about, that's great.You won't have to spend lots of time winning them over.If, on the other hand, they've got negative views and/or feelings about your message (or your product or service) you'll have to begin with a very convincing argument to win them over.Sometimes simply acknowledging their feelings - getting it out in the open- is the best way to begin.Tell them you know they are skeptical about"X". If you can, get specific. List a few of their reasons, and then debunk each one.Now you'll have them ready and willing to hear what you have to say.
What is their attention span? Find out what it is and then do not exceed it! If they're over-the-top interested they'll ask questions and keep the conversation going. In fact, the more concise and compelling you can be, the more likely they'll be eager to continue the conversation.
Follow Ellevate on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EllevateNtwk
More:

Would You Accept or Resist reddit
I'm obsessed with the CNBC show, The Profit . Investor Marcus Lemonis descends on a struggling small business, cuts a deal with the frazzled owner, then pumps in the money and crafts a turnaround plan.  The displaced boss/owner struggles with the changes and defends the previous losing plan.  Drama ensues.
I can relate. We ask for help.  Then defend our current failures and argue why the changes will never work.
As a business makeover maven, my clients have sometimes reacted like Marcus'. I'd get frustrated and try to convince them of the wisdom of my ways.  "You never would have called me if everything was hunky dory." Or, "If you want a different result, we need to think new thoughts and take new action." All that makes sense. The problem is that, as human beings we aren't often reasonable. We're often stuck and bound by past decisions and habit. It's frustrating and I have struggled to understand why people pay me lots of money to not do anything differently. What's wrong with them?
Hurt and Humbled
Then, my hip blew out.  I've been a long distance runner for over 40 years.  For a long time, my approach worked.  But it wasn't working anymore.  Over the course of about a year the pain increased to where I couldn't even stand on my right leg.
Then it dawned on me that a little kid won't run through pain.  They run with joy.  They instinctively adjust their stride to land comfortably and move forward.  They avoid pain, and run freely and efficiently. Working harder won't get me further.  There is no prize for the hardest worker. What if I could make it easier?
So, I went back to basics with my running.  I relearned how to run.  I went to the chiropractor.  I got a running coach.  I shortened my stride and got a metronome to practice a new cadence. I video taped my stride and made adjustments.  Aiming for pain-free, I shift my footfalls to land lighter, and more balanced.  I now consciously stand on both feet and don't cross my legs.  I've read Danny Dreyer's book Chirunning , and adopted Tai Chi elements into my daily movements.  Yesterday, I ran 12 pain free, joyful miles.  I was willing to let go of being right to get better.
For stubborn me, when the pain became unbearable, I was finally willing to change.  Humbled, I found a mother lode of empathy for my stuck business clients.
The Plight of the Right
What if we could just let go of being right?  Break free of what we've always done?
In George Leonard's classic book Mastery , the author reminds us that our natural state is homeostasis. We are designed to not change.  Our body temperature is automatically maintained at 98.6 degrees.  Our habits provide consistent results and repeated success in so many areas of our lives.  Note how easily animals and pets fall into behavioral patterns when it comes to food and shelter.  Yet, if we are to grow, or heal, or get profitable, we have to be willing to let go of what once worked.  It takes detachment and discipline and more than a few deep breaths. But what's the alternative?  I love The Profit, Bar Rescue, and Tabitha's Salon Takeover, and all the Biz Makeover shows, because we get to see how ridiculous it is when we hang on to rope after we have been bucked off the bronc.  Sometimes, it's good to let go.
So here's to the pain and power of the beginner's path.  Embrace your business as if you were The Profit.  Fire yourself, and toss your emasculated self to the curb.  Then, dust yourself off and image that you are the new guy.  What would you do if you were starting fresh, with the current situation?  What is you were willing to let go off all the baggage and start as a beginner?
Perhaps you would find a simpler and less painful path to success.  Perhaps you can find some joy and laughter and perspective.  Perhaps you could get profitable.  It's worth a try or two or three.
Thanks, Marcus!
Follow Ellen Rohr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ellenrohr
More:

WTO imbroglio: India nears deal with US  EUWTO talks set for revival as India nears deal with US, EU
By Sidhartha & Surojit Gupta, TNN | 7 Nov, 2014, 09.12AM IST
0
Share More
"India, US and EU are close to some understanding and based on this understanding they will work for a final solution at the WTO," said a source.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: After being in deep freeze for over three months, a global trade deal is finally in sight with the US and the European Union showing signs of accepting India's demand for providing flexibility to developing countries in fixing minimum support price for farm products. In return, India will sign the stalled international treaty on easier customs rules once an agreement on the contentious food security issue is reached at the World Trade Organization (WTO).
"India, US and EU are close to some understanding and based on this understanding they will work for a final solution at the WTO," said a source, who did not wish to be identified. Senior commerce department officials are engaged in consultations in Geneva. There are indications that the developed countries will agree not to challenge any breach in food subsidy caps till the calculation formula is reworked.
Global trade talks have been deadlocked after India refused to agree to a trade facilitation agreement to usher in easier rules for goods to flow through ports and airports without its concerns on food security being addressed. Based on current rules, several developing countries are close to breaching the cap on 10% value of production and face the threat of punitive action at WTO. India has argued that the calculation is flawed as it is based on outdated prices and has demanded that formula be reworked.
At the Bali ministerial meeting last December, WTO members had agreed to address India's concerns over a four year period, during which no disputes would be raised at the multilateral body even if the subsidy cap was breached. At the Indonesian island the ministers had also agreed to sign the agreement on customs rules by July 31. The developed world had argued that the rules would provide a $1 trillion boost to a sluggish global economy and pave the way for reviving the 13-year-old Doha dialogue .
Despite being blamed for "blocking" a global trade deal, India has stuck to its stand. But in recent weeks, officials have indicated that India is willing to settle for a clause that extends the four year "peace clause" to perpetuity — something that is learnt to have been discussed during a meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama.
The reports of a settlement at WTO come two days after Modi met ministers and top commerce department officials on Monday. On Monday, sources had then described it as a "review meeting" and had suggested that no firm offers were on the table.
Sources said finance minister Arun Jaitely had taken up the issue and argued India's stand with US secretary of state John Kerry, when he had visited New Delhi in late July. After hearing the government's argument, Kerry had no answers and described it as "reasonable". There was, however, immense pressure on the Obama administration from domestic lobbies in the US. This was evident when a US official, who was part of Kerry's delegation, tried to resile from his position.
Washington had indicated its "appreciation" for New Delhi's posture during last month's meeting between a top USTR official and commerce & industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman. Similarly, UK chancellor George Osborne had shown support for India's stand, the source said.

Land record reform to get a big boost from C...You are here: Home > Collections
Centre identifies 50 districts to modernise all land records in one year
ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 05.14AM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(The Centre has identified…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre has identified 50 districts across the country where state governments will modernise all land records in one year, reviving the National Land Records Modernisation Programme that has failed to make much ground in six years despite spending more than Rs 500 crore. The Narendra Modi government has now decided to implement the scheme in phases through a targeted approach.
Four States Made Progress
This will involve 100% modernisation of land records in selected districts in one year, government sources said. "We have now decided to focus on one or two districts in each state where huge money has already been spent and the programme is expected to make a visible impact," a senior government official told ET.
Launched by the first UPA government in August 2008, the National Land Records Modernisation Programme (NLRMP) aims to modernise management of land records by computerising registration and all land records, including maps and spatial data. This would minimise scope of land/property disputes, enhance transparency in the land records maintenance system, and facilitate moving eventually towards guaranteed conclusive titles to immovable properties in the country.
However, after nearly six years in operation and over Rs 500 crore spent under the scheme, most states have failed to make any significant progress despite the previous UPA government setting a 2017 deadline for achieving 100% modernisation of land records. Hence the shift to a targeted approach.
Only Gujarat, Haryana, Karnataka and Tripura have made substantial progress on this front. While some work has started in another eight states — Andhra Pradesh , Bihar , Delhi, Goa, Maharashtra, Odisha, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh — others such as Arunachal Pradesh , Jammu and Kashmir , Jharkhand , Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Nagaland have barely taken a step in this direction.
Department of land resources under the ministry of rural development, which initiated the scheme, has already sent a list of 50 districts across all states and union territories that will now be focus points for implementation of the programme. "These districts have been selected on basis of funds released under NLRMP and feedback on performance of the programme by state officials from time to time," reads a letter the department sent to all state governments recently. "Henceforth, the Centre will closely monitor implementation of the programme in these identified districts," it said. ET reviewed a copy of the letter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amazon Launches a Speaker You Can Talk ToYou are here: Home Corporates
Amazon Launches a Speaker You Can Talk To
Reuters | Updated On: November 07, 2014 09:11 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Do you want to talk to your speaker? Amazon.com Inc has launched "Amazon Echo", a speaker you leave on all day and give it voice directions, like Siri on an Apple Inc iPhone.
As well as taking commands such as "play music by Bruno Mars" or "add gelato to my shopping list", Amazon said the device accesses the internet to answer questions such as "when is Thanksgiving?" and "what is the weather forecast?"
Amazon said the speaker, which runs on Amazon Web Services, continually learns a user's speech patterns and preferences.
Users start the speaker up saying the wake up word, "Alexa".
They can then feed Amazon Echo commands or questions or, if they want, wirelessly stream music web services such as Spotify, iTunes and Pandora via their mobiles.
Amazon Echo is priced at $199, or $99 for members for the online retail giant's Amazon Prime loyalty scheme. It is available on an invitation-only basis in coming weeks.
Amazon has had an unusually busy year, developing a mobile phone, video productions and grocery deliveries.
Last month, the company forecast sales for the crucial holiday quarter that disappointed Wall Street and investors who are eager to see Amazon curtail its ambitions and start delivering sustainable profits.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Ranbaxy  Sun Pharma  Hero MotoCorp in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma, Hero MotoCorp in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: November 07, 2014 11:21 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened lower on Friday as indicated by futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Foreign investors continued to remain net buyers of Indian equities on Wednesday as they had bought shares worth Rs 1,031 crore in the cash market. However domestic investors were net sellers to the tune of Rs 1,205 crore.
Here are the stocks likely to see action today::
Ranbaxy Lab/ Sun Pharmaceuticals: The US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) has revoked tentative approval for Ranbaxy Laboratories to make cheaper version of AstraZenca's heartburn drug Nexium and Roche's antiviral Valcyte after its Indian plants were banned over quality control issues. Nexium has annual sales of $2.4 billion and Valcyte has annual sales of $260 million.
Dr. Reddy's Lab: USFDA's withdrawal of 180- day exclusivity period for Ranbaxy to market Valcyte drug will benefit Dr. Reddy's Lab as it is the only company with tentative approval of Valcyte.
Hero MotoCorp: US private investment firm Bain Capital is selling nearly 4.3 million shares worth $200 million in Hero MotoCorp at a discount of 3.5 per cent to Wednesday's closing price. As of September 30, 2014, Bain Capital held around 11.5 million shares (5.77 per cent) of Hero MotoCorps.
TCS/ Infosys/ Wipro: Cognizant Technology reported a better-than estimated earnings for the July-September quarter and has also increased its guidance for the fourth quarter and for the full-year. This is likely to have a positive impact on Indian IT service providers like, TCS, Infosys and Wipro.
Ashok Leyland reported net profit in the Q2 of FY15 after many quarters. Its adjusted net profit came in at Rs 41 crore against a loss of Rs 69 crore year-on-year (y-o-y). Its revenue increased 26 per cent y-o-y to Rs 3,218 crore in the reporting period. The company also reported 70 basis points increase in its EBITDA margin to 7.3 per cent.
Bata India reported lower-than-estimated earnings for the second quarter of FY15. Its profit came in at Rs 39 crore against Rs 37.6 crore y-o-y, while its revenue came in at Rs 548 crore against Rs 484 crore in the same period of last fiscal. Its EBITDA came in at Rs 63.6 crore against estimates of Rs 71 crore.
Larsen & Toubro, Bank of Baroda, Essar Oil, Marico will report their earnings for the July-September quarter of FY15 today.
MSCI has made some changes to its MSCI India index in its semi-annual review which will be effective from November 25, 2014. It has added Zee Entertainment and Motherson Sumi to the index and has removed HDFC Bank, Jaiprakash Associates, Reliance Power and Reliance Capital from the index.
Story first published on: November 07, 2014 11:21 (IST)

Gold Poised for Third Weekly Drop; US Jobs Data in FocusYou are here: Home Market
Gold Poised for Third Weekly Drop; US Jobs Data in Focus
Reuters | Updated On: November 07, 2014 10:11 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Singapore: Gold held close to a 4-1/2 year low and looked set to post its third straight weekly drop on Friday, as the US dollar rallied on expectations the Federal Reserve could raise rates sooner rather than later.
A robust US nonfarm payrolls report later in the day could provide more evidence of a strengthening economy, influencing the Fed and possibly hurting gold, a non-interest-bearing asset.
"A strong report has the potential to thrust gold back on the defensive," said HSBC analyst James Steel. "To some degree a gold-bearish view may already be factored into prices and so a weaker-than-expected report could trigger a modest rally."
As traders remained on the sidelines ahead of the jobs report, spot gold was little changed at $1,140.20 an ounce by 0320 GMT. That's just above the $1,137.40 level hit on Wednesday, its lowest since April 2010. The yellow metal has fallen nearly 3 per cent so far this week.
The sell-off in gold began a week ago, when the metal broke through $1,180 - the lowest level reached during a 28-per cent plunge last year. Since last Friday, strength in the dollar and breaks below key support levels have continued to drag on gold.
The US jobs report later today is seen as a potential trigger for the dollar and gold that could send bullion hurtling towards $1,000 an ounce, a level untouched since October 2009.
The dollar, trading at close to a four-year high against a basket of major currencies, is on track to post its third straight weekly gain on the steadily recovering US economy.
In a reflection of market sentiment, SPDR Gold Trust, the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, said its holdings fell 0.41 per cent to 732.83 tonnes on Thursday - a new six-year low.
Other than dollar strength, analysts were concerned about the lack of robust demand in China. The top consumer of the metal typically buys a lot of jewellery, bars and coins whenever prices fall, providing a floor to down markets, but that hasn't happened this time around. This year's weak buying from China could add to pressure on gold prices.
Chinese prices were either on par or at a premium of less than $1 an ounce to the global benchmark on Friday. During last year's price plunge, Chinese premiums for gold climbed to around $50 an ounce at one point.
Among other precious metals, silver was stuck just above $15.13 - the lowest mark reached since February 2010 - as it headed for its fourth weekly decline in a row
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Honda Expands Air Bag Recall in Southern StatesAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

DNA Study Dates Eurasian Split From East AsiansAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

LUCY NICHOLSON / Reuters file
US employees have sticky fingers: Report
Ken Burns surprise role in InterstellarWith our time on Earth coming to an end, a team of explorers undertakes the most important mission in human history, traveling beyond this galaxy to discover whether mankind has a future among the stars. (Paramount Pictures)
This post discusses the plot of the movie “Interstellar.”
Early in Christopher Nolan’s space opera, we see a number of older people on screen, recalling what it was like to live through a natural disaster. “My dad was a farmer back then, like everybody else. Of course, he didn’t start out that way,” reminisces a woman. “When we set the table, we always set the bowls upside down,” recalls a man.
One of the older women, Murphy Cooper, is played by the actress Ellen Burstyn. But the rest are not actors. They are interview subjects from Ken Burns and Dayton Duncan’s 2012 documentary “The Dust Bowl,” and they are speaking about their experiences in that real environmental catastrophe, rather than a fictional cataclysm.
“Interstellar” is the first film to which Burns’s Florentine Films has licensed content from a Burns project. And Nolan’s use of Burns’s  material provides a fascinating window into what the director is trying to say about human actions and environmental responsibility with “Interstellar.”
Duncan told me that Nolan approached him and Burns more than a year ago to pitch them on the idea of using “The Dust Bowl” material in a new context. “He called me up and he said how much he had enjoyed ‘The Dust Bowl,’ how much it had really moved him, and he was really incorporating it into a film he and his brother were making,” Burns explained. “Here he was, hearing in [the survivors] the universality of their circumstance, and how contemporary that was. What he was doing, you could hear the ambition in his voice.”
They agreed, on two conditions: that Paramount approach the Dust Bowl survivors to get their permission to use their interviews directly, and that Duncan and Burns could read the script. A producer flew down with the script, waited until Duncan was done, and flew the copy back to Canada, and Burns and Duncan signed off on the project.
In “Interstellar,” humanity is endangered by a blight that is gradually eliminating the number of crops that are viable on Earth. The world economy and national governments have shrunk dramatically. Drones race through Midwestern skies, abandoned by the intelligence programs that set them aloft, and crash into fields where they are scavenged by entrepreneurial farmers like Cooper (Matthew McConaughey), a former pilot who still dreams of flying. Violent dust storms straight out of documentary footage of Dust Bowl storms rise like mountains in the skies, and the particles fill children’s lungs, killing them. If Nolan does not make explicit that the disaster is man-made, his use of testimony from actual Dust Bowl survivors means that he does not need to. “I think it made this potential thing of earth’s future cataclysm, environmental cataclysm on a world-wide scale very palpable and real, and the use of our stuff enhanced that,” Duncan told me. “This really happened. It’s just a question of could it happen on a global scale, or in such a way that our existence on the planet would be imperiled?”
For Burns, it is actually more powerful to let audiences come to their own queasy conclusions about the Dust Bowl, and the kinds of problems that have humans looking sky-ward in “Interstellar.” “Everyone’s heard of the Dust Bowl but no one ever really understood its extent, or more importantly that it was a man-made environmental disaster,” he argued. “That’s the key. When you fully begin to accept your own culpability in this, as the people in the Dust Bowl do, they begin to reach out for help and solutions, which in the Dust Bowl, come from the New Deal and Franklin Roosevelt.”
“Interstellar” never explains the source of the blight and the dust storms that plague Earth’s remaining residents. But its characters do learn that while they initially thought a race of superior beings was intervening to save humanity, they alone are responsible for their own species’ survival. And by including the voices of Dust Bowl survivors, Nolan has done his own part to preserve their testimony.
“To me it was just gratifying to know, on their behalf, that what they have to say about this moment in time is now going to keep on living and reaching people,” Duncan said. “I really hope that those folks are going to get to go sit in a screening and so they and their children and their children’s children could go see them in a Hollywood production. They’re often in small places, small towns or farms. And it’s good to see that what they had to say was deemed powerful enough, their testimony had such power that it couldn’t be exceeded by fictionalizing.”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Nate Silver on Des Moines Register pollster: She trusts her dataBy Erik Wemple November 6 Follow @ErikWemple
Nate Silver (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)
Polling tumult shook the Iowa Senate race last weekend between Republican Joni Ernst and Democrat Bruce Braley. On Saturday night, the Des Moines Register reported that pollster J. Ann Selzer had found that Ernst had opened a 7-point advantage over her competitor . Others found a much tighter race, including a dead heat in the polling view of Quinnipiac . Politico concluded that the Des Moines Register’s take was an “outlier.”
As it turned out, the newspaper was a correct outlier. Ernst prevailed against Braley by nearly nine points .
This is the world of Nate Silver, the quantitative elections analyst who serves as the founder and editor in chief of ESPN’s FiveThirtyEight and who nailed all fifty states in the 2012 presidential election (when he was with the New York Times). Polls commonly disagree, and a modeling expert like Silver has to figure out how to mediate those disagreements. In Iowa, Silver accomplishes that feat in part by placing a great degree of trust in Selzer. “She trusts her data,” says Silver. “She does things by the book and if the data comes back and says Joni Ernst wins by seven points, she has the integrity to trust her data,” he says.
Selzer & Co., her firm, is No. 2 in FiveThirtyEight’s massive pollster ratings spreadsheet .
In a chat yesterday with the Erik Wemple Blog, Silver lamented that not all pollsters stick so closely to their models. “Especially in the closing days of a race, pollsters will herd toward the consensus,” a tendency that in his view “takes polling from being an objective science to more subjective.” In a piece on the FiveThirtyEight site, Silver addressed this year’s stunning polling bias in favor of Democrats, even as the Democrats were complaining of a bias against them . As the story demonstrates, polling bias is a bipartisan affair , skipping back and forth between Republicans and Democrats over the years. In 2010, for instance, there was a small bias in favor of the Republicans and a much larger pro-Republican tilt in 2012.
“In some sense, I was sort of pleased…rooting for the polls to have a Democratic skew this year because I hope that it will be good for keeping people humble,” says Silver. “It’s good to remind people, I think, that just like in politics as a whole, there are no permanent majorities and there is no permanent polling bias.”
Silver and his ilk in other forecasting operations — including at the Washington Post , the New York Times and the Huffington Post — have taken some elbows as they pursued their forecasting work. Dana Milbank of the Washington Post cited dramatic fluctuations and absurd precision in forecasting numbers . “Modelers like to think Big Data can revolutionize election coverage the way ‘Moneyball’ changed baseball recruitment,” argued Milbank. “And some editors see it as an alternative to poll-driven coverage of politics. But models rely heavily (in some cases, exclusively) on polls and are subject to the garbage-in, garbage-out rule.”
Silver acknowledges the existence of garbage. “There’s a lot of fly-by-night polling techniques where they have poor raw data and other pollsters that have good data but are afraid of sticking out,” he says.
As Salon calculated , Silver racked up a 94 percent rate with his forecasts of Senate races. “The sites that are doing best job of explaining this had a pretty good night,” says Silver, noting that the fact that the Senate changed to Republican control was widely predicted among forecasters.
Yeah, but Silver didn’t do as well on the gubernatorial front. For example, Maryland! Under Silver’s take, Democrat Anthony Brown had a 94 percent chance of prevailing against Republican Larry Hogan, who won 52-47 . “I can’t wait to hear all the political insiders who worship at the altar of Nate Silver explain how he could have been so wrong about Maryland’s gubernatorial race,” wrote David Zurawik of the Baltimore Sun.
Asked about the failures and the critics, Silver replied, “There’s never going to be a shortage of people looking for reasons to critique new methods of research and journalism. If the polls are perfect, they’ll say ‘Why do we need those guys?’ and if they’re not, they’re going to say, ‘See, this whole enterprise is a sham and we should go back to folk wisdom instead.’”
ESPN launched its version of FiveThirtyEight in March, and Silver says the site is now pulling in “a large multiple” of the traffic that it formerly netted when it operated under the roof of the New York Times (except for the peak of the 2012 election traffic). Not that shallow traffic numbers drive feelings of self-worth at FiveThirtyEight! “If we were trying to maximize pageviews, we’d do what everyone else is doing, which is linking to a bunch of John Oliver videos,” says Silver. “Quality of content” and “engagement” are the metrics that matter in Silver’s shop, he says.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Boehner and GOP dont listen to the American peopleBy Jonathan Capehart November 6 Follow @capehartj
Speaker John Boehner (Jim Lo Scalzo/European Pressphoto Agency)
“The fact is my job is listen to my members and listen to the American people,” Speaker Boehner said Thursday at his news conference. That phrase — “listen to the American people” — only seems valid when the ears belong to Republicans. And the interpretation of what’s being said is blindly wielded by some like a mad man with a hammer in Pottery Barn.
Sure, the GOP earned the right to use the rhetorical crutch after their majority-producing victories Tuesday night and in 2010. But, so too, did President Obama and the Democrats. Obama is the first president since Eisenhower to win election twice with 51 percent of the vote. Even though Republicans maintained their control of the House in 2012, House Democrats won about 1.4 million more votes than the GOP in that election. Thank Republican-dominated state redistricting for that.
Boehner said that his job was not only to listen to the American people, but also to “make their priorities our priorities.” If that’s the case, then are we going to see Republicans raise the minimum wage , require background checks for firearms purchases and pass comprehensive immigration reform ? Don’t hold your breath. For folks who spend so much time listening to the American people, they spend an awful lot of time ignoring them.
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

Intermission: The Godfather is magicBy Alyssa Rosenberg November 6 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
I was watching this week’s episode of “The Mindy Project” a little bit late this morning, and found myself pining for what could have been a truly amazing conversation between Mindy Lahiri (series creator Mindy Kaling) and her boyfriend Danny Castellano (Chris Messina) about “The Godfather.” Sadly, I was thwarted in this, since in the episode Mindy and Danny did not make it to the movie. But it got me thinking: Which two fictional characters would you like to see talk about a particular piece of pop culture?
(Credit: Hasbro)
• “ How My Little Pony Became a Cult for Grown Men and Preteen Girls Alike ,” by Lisa Miller: Much has been written about the appeal of Equestria, and even more ink has been spilt in psychological analysis of Bronies, adult men who like “My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic.” Miller, though, has written one of the most thoughtful considerations of the show I have read.
“Twilight Sparkle is like Bilbo Baggins, a reluctant traveler dispatched by a powerful mastermind to parts unknown. She is also like Hermione Granger, an overachiever with a condescending side, and like Dorothy, she is caught in a quarrel betwixt magical rivals,” she writes. “It is about a friendship among six very different characters, and the safe universe they create through their ­loyalty to one another, a kind of intimate paradise that transcends family ties, job responsibilities, and affiliation with other tribes. This is a vision of friendship that articulates a preteen’s deepest yearning and at the same time evokes a memory, perhaps rose-colored, among adults — preoccupied as they are with their relentlessly present-tense lives — of an age when minutes, hours, whole days, and weekends could be lost to imaginary play, joint projects, and the total abandonment of self to the clan that claimed you as its own.”
• “ Finish that Book! ” by Juliet Lapidos: Lapidos spends a bit too long defending the idea of writing an argument for how to read, but she makes a good case for reading all the way through even books you do not find yourself loving.
“Charles Dickens’s first novel, The Pickwick Papers is long and dated. I quickly grew tired of Samuel Pickwick’s adventures, which were probably funny for 19th-century readers but which I found annoyingly quaint,” Lapidos explains. “Deep into the novel Mr. Pickwick is incarcerated at Fleet Prison over a financial dispute. Suddenly Pickwick Papers isn’t quaint at all but social satire that skewers the absurd unfairness of debtor’s prison. Dickens cared deeply about that subject and would return to it many times over the course of his career. So when that turn happened in the novel, I felt as though I were watching Dickens become Dickens before my eyes.”
• “ How All Those Intern Lawsuits Are Changing Hollywood ,” by Eriq Gardner: As interns have challenged the Hollywood studios, which often use them for menial labor or work that has value but is not strictly educational, some big companies have started paying them – and some are pulling the ladder up behind them.
“The suits are fundamentally changing the way Hollywood indoctrinates young workers, calling into question decades of tradition under the guise of apprenticeship. NBCUniversal, for example, has changed its policy and is paying its interns, and on Oct. 22 it agreed to shell out $6.4 million to resolve intern legal claims. Other companies, including Viacom, also have begun to pay all interns. Lena Dunham, who brought unpaid helpers on her recent book tour, agreed to pay them after an online outcry,” Gardner explains. “Others, including Fox and its affiliated production companies, have responded by suspending internships, leading some to believe that an entertainment institution — the entry point that launched everyone from Fox Networks Group CEO Peter Rice to NBC Entertainment chairman RobertGreenblatt — could become a victim of this generation’s changing notion of ‘putting in your dues.’”
• A look at “War Ink,” an exhibit about veterans’ tattoos :
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Scattered showers this evening  then windy  much coolerBy Jason Samenow November 6 Follow @capitalweather
Radar & lightning: Latest D.C. area radar shows movement of precipitation and lightning strikes over past two hours. Refresh page to update. Click here or on image to enlarge. Or see radar bigger on our Weather Wall .
It’s been a turbulent weather day, with episodic showers and, in some areas east of town, even some gusty thunderstorms.  Scattered showers remain possible this evening before a front sweeps through the region, drying us out, but cooling us off and cranking up the winds.
Through Tonight: Scattered showers, some of which may contain briefly heavy rain, are possible through between 8 and 10 p.m. (ending first in western areas).  Any location has about a 40 percent chance of measurable rain in this window.  Then, skies slowly clear and winds increase a bit.  Lows range from 40-45 (suburbs-city).  Winds become out of the west at 10-15 mph.
Tomorrow (Friday): Mostly sunny, but windy and cool.  Highs range from 50-55, but those temperatures are a bit deceptive, considering winds from west and northwest at 10-20 mph, gusting to 30 mph at times.
See David Streit’s forecast through the weekend . And if you haven’t already, join us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter . For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock.
Rainbow over Tysons Corner (Kevin Ambrose)
Nice sunset tonight and some rainbows: The rapidly changing skies made for a picturesque afternoon sky and sunset as peaks of sun intercepted fast-moving clouds and showers.  Here are some rainbow and cloud cover images sent into us via Twitter:

See works from Bill Cosbys collection at the Museum of African ArtBy Philip Kennicott November 6 Follow @PhilipKennicott
Before it was located on the National Mall and was still an independent museum on Capitol Hill, the Museum of African Art included both African and African-American art in its collection. That changed in 1979, when it became the Smithsonian National Museum of African Art , focused on Africa, not the American diaspora. This year marks the 50th anniversary of the museum, and to celebrate it the museum has returned to its roots, supplementing its own collection with works by African-American artists in the collection of Camille and William Cosby, Jr.
Yes, that Bill Cosby.
Among the highlights from the Cosby collection are works by Henry Ossawa Tanner, Horace Pippin, Charles Alston and Romare Bearden, which are placed “in dialogue” with stunning pieces by anonymous and contemporary African artists.
The exhibition, "Conversations: African and African American Artworks in Dialogue," opens Sunday, Nov. 9, and will remain on view through early 2016.
National Museum of African Art, 950 Independence Ave. SW (Metro: Smithsonian). 202-633-4600. africa.si.edu . 
Henry Ossawa Tanner, "The Thankful Poor." (1894, oil on canvas) (Collection of Camille O. and William H. Cosby Jr./Photograph by Frank Stewart)
 
Henry Ossawa Tanner, "The Good Shepherd." (1920s, oil on canvas) (Collection of Camille O. and William H. Cosby Jr./Photograph by Frank Stewart)
 
Henry Ossawa Tanner, "Study of an Arab." (1897, oil on board) (Collection of Camille O. and William H. Cosby Jr./Photograph by Frank Stewart)
 
Horace Pippin, "The Holy Mountain I." (1944, oil on canvas) (Colection of Camille O. and William H. Cosby Jr./Photograph by Frank Stewart)
Philip Kennicott is the Pulitzer Prize-winning Art and Architecture Critic of The Washington Post. He has been on staff at the Post since 1999, first as Classical Music Critic, then as Culture Critic.

Two Metrobuses collided on North Capitol StreetUpdated at 5:25 p.m.
Two Metrobuses struck each other Thursday afternoon, injuring five people, D.C. police said.
One of the accident victims was in serious condition, police spokesman Paul Metcalf said. None of the injuries was believed to be life-threatening.
Metcalf did not know what caused the crash, which happened in the 700 block of North Capitol Street.
Accident involving two Metro Bus on NB North Capitol St at H St NE/DCFEMS & MPD are on scene/Expect Delays. /7066 pic.twitter.com/nvVHGKhrBS
— DC Police Department (@DCPoliceDept) November 6, 2014
By 5:25 p.m., all lanes of North Capitol Street were open again, police said.
Julie Zauzmer is a local news reporter.

Capitals looking for greater net presence and interior playBy Alex Prewitt November 6 Follow @alex_prewitt
Alex Ovechkin, right, celebrates with Mike Green and Troy Brouwer, left. (AP)
When Troy Brouwer muscles his body into crease traffic and tries to establish a presence around the net, he often feels like a defensive lineman. Sometimes, brute strength can force position. At other moments, Brouwer gets creative. “It’s kind of like football,” he said. “You’ve got to do a little shake-and-bake in front, maybe a swim move or two.”
Among the new emphases hammered by the Washington Capitals’ coaching staff this week, seeking an end to a five-game losing streak, came packaged in blue paint, spritzed onto the ice Wednesday afternoon. Two spots were put down, forming a triangle with the goal, serving as target points for forwards to occupy.
“We don’t have enough net presence,” Trotz said. “We don’t have a lot of interior play … If we’re going to have success, we’re not at the net enough for me. If we’re at the net a little bit more, we’re going to keep things alive, we’re going to score a few more goals.”
That focus continued Thursday before the team flew to Chicago. Several drills focused on fighting for space and occupying a goaltender’s line of sight, right in the golden lane between the crease and the opposing defenseman.
“If we’re going to get to the net, let’s get to the net at that level,” Trotz said. “It’s a middle-lane drive, not a middle-lane glide.”
This season, according to data from SportingCharts, the Capitals haven’t found much of a net presence, with most of their 37 goals coming parallel to the faceoff circles or higher.
“It is tough,” Brouwer said. “D-men have a little bit of leeway in front of the net with crosschecks, boxing out. It’s tough to get body position, especially if they get in early.”
Forward Brooks Laich, who while possibly skating Friday beside strong puck-cyclers like Jason Chimera and Joel Ward might find himself searching for deflections near traffic, mentioned the power of a quick first step, which can jump a defenseman once the puck moves.
“Defensemen in this league are so good and there’s so much attention paid to boxing guys out, and you have to have the mindset just to get that one step, and then you’ve got them off your back hip and you can get to the net,” Laich said. “It takes work and effort away from the puck to get there. You can’t hope to get there. You have to move quick, spin, move your feet, constantly drive, then fight for the opportunities. Their job is to clear the puck out. The goalie’s trying to cover it. Our job is to try and find it.”
Of course, Brouwer noted, net presence means nothing if the Capitals can’t control the puck inside the offensive zone and pelt shots toward the cage.
“I’m a big body, I’m a strong guy,” he said. “I should be able to hold my presence in front of the net, but that means we’ve got to get puck possession in the zone first. I can’t just be flying into the front of the net and hoping we recover the puck. Entries and recoveries are first and foremost, and after that, when the puck’s moving around, the two guys I’m playing with are quite a bit more skilled with the puck than I am, and that means I need to be in front of the net creating havoc.”
As for the moves, a simple one-two head fake might suffice, or occasionally the swim move pass-rushers use to hunt quarterbacks.
“Can’t really juke on skates,” Brouwer said. “Doesn’t really go that well.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Adam LaRoche kills huge elk on Wyoming hunting tripBy Scott Allen November 6 Follow @ScottSAllen
Nationals fans will remember free agent first baseman Adam LaRoche’s four years in D.C. for a variety of things, including his sweet swing, his slick fielding and, perhaps, his love of hunting. One group of Nationals fans even organized a ‘Camo Night’ this season in  honor of LaRoche , who appears on the hunting show Buck Commander and is often asked about his favorite hobby.
LaRoche, who will almost certainly play elsewhere next season after the Nationals declined his $15 million option , is enjoying another offseason hunting. On Wednesday, he shared a photo of his latest kill, an enormous Rocky Mountain Elk in Wyoming.
Thank you Lord for the Rocky Mountain Elk! #BuckCommander pic.twitter.com/GFJdiJhvuk
— Adam LaRoche (@e3laroche) November 5, 2014
Former Nationals teammate Dan Haren replied:
@e3laroche poor elk, just minding his own business eating some leaves and boom, dead. Atleast you’re having fun. — dan haren (@ithrow88) November 5, 2014
LaRoche is hanging with another former National and fellow Buck Commander buckman Ryan Langerhans.
@e3laroche @williebosshog rough looking crew on the road. Hard to pull Rochey off them Whitetails #elkcamp pic.twitter.com/4oGjQVBrlO
— Ryan Langerhans (@ryanlangerhans) October 30, 2014
This isn’t the first time we’ve seen LaRoche with one of his kills. Here’s a look back at some of the hunting and hitting highlights from LaRoche’s stint with the Nationals:
(Greg Fiume/Getty Images)
Five of LaRoche’s 33 home runs and eight of his 100 RBI in 2012 came during a four-game sweep of the Cubs at Nationals Park in September.
(Via Buck Commander Facebook Page)
LaRoche nabbed some ducks .
(Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
LaRoche’s home run in the bottom of the 11th inning against Arizona gave the Nationals a third consecutive walk-off win for the first time in franchise history.
LaRoche took down a mountain lion with a traditional bow and arrow.
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Redskins re-sign Minnifield to practice squadBy Mike Jones November 6 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Redskins defensive back Chase Minnifield lines up against the Minnesota Vikings. (Jeff Haynes/AP Images for Panini)
The Redskins announced that they have re-signed cornerback Chase Minnifield to their practice squad two days after waiving him from the 53-man roster.
A second-year pro out of the University of Virginia, Minnifield opened the season on Washington’s practice squad before getting called up to the 53-man roster and appearing in six games. Minnifield played primarily on special teams and recorded two tackles.
The team waived him on Tuesday to make room for wide receiver Leonard Hankerson , whom they activated from the physically unable to perform list.
The Redskins in 2012 signed Minnifield as an undrafted rookie. He missed all of his rookie season after injuring himself during the offseason program, requiring surgery.
Minnifield spent the bulk of last season on the practice squad. He received a promotion to the roster late in the season, but did not appear in any games.
More from The Post:

Ian Desmond  Anthony Rendon win Silver Slugger awardsBy James Wagner November 6 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Anthony Rendon. (Mitchell Layton/Getty Images)
Two key offensive forces in the Nationals’ 2014 lineup were recognized Thursday night for their stellar seasons. Ian Desmond’s status as one of baseball’s elite shortstops was further validated as he won his third straight Silver Slugger award, an honor given to the top offensive player at each position in each league as voted by coaches and managers. Anthony Rendon’s breakout second season in the majors, in which he was not only the Nationals’ best position player but among the best in baseball, was rewarded with his first Silver Slugger.
The Silver Slugger Awards, presented by Louisville Slugger, are voted on by managers and coaches in each league and based on regular season performance. The left side of the Nationals’ infield won two awards. The last shortstop-third base duo to win the awards in the same year? Alex Rodriguez and Derek Jeter in 2008.
With his third Silver Slugger, Desmond has won the most in Nationals history. Ryan Zimmerman won the award twice (2009 and 2010), and four other players — Rendon (this year), Adam LaRoche (2012), Stephen Strasburg (2012) and Alfonso Soriano (2006) — have won it once.
Desmond won despite a down offensive season in some areas. The 29-year-old led all major league shortstops with 24 home runs and 91 RBI. His .743 OPS, however, was only fourth best in the NL — behind Hanley Ramirez, Jhonny Peralta and Starlin Castro. Desmond’s average (.255) was the second lowest of his six-year major league career, and his on-base percentage (.313) and slugging percentage (.430) were his lowest totals in at least three years. He struck out a career-high 183 times, which was fourth most in the majors.
Ian Desmond (EPA/ERIK S. LESSER)
But Desmond still combined a rare skill set of power and speed. With his home run total and 24 stolen bases, Desmond became only the fourth shortstop in history to three 20-20 seasons . He is also a rangy defender with a strong arm, is durable, has become a team leader and has been with the organization since the Expos drafted him in 2004. Desmond, who is eligible for free agency after the 2015 season, again showed this season why he would be difficult to replace.
“I am extremely humbled and blessed to have won this award for the third straight year,” Desmond said in a team-issued statement. “It’s a testament to my teammates, who surround me in the lineup, the trainers – Lee Kuntz, Steve Gober and John Hsu – for keeping me on the field, and obviously the coaching staff for bringing out the best in me every day. As much of an honor as this is, I still feel like there are a lot of things I can improve on, and will improve on. I’m going to continue to work hard so I can be better next year.”
The last NL shortstop to win the award three consecutive seasons was Barry Larkin, who won five straight from 1988 to 1992, and holds the most for a shortstop with nine. Jeter was the most recent major league shortstop, in either league, to win three in a row; he claimed the honor four consecutive seasons from 2006 to 2009. Desmond is the fifth shortstop in history two win the award three times in a row.
In his first full season in the majors, Rendon helped carry the Nationals’ offense more than anyone. The 24-year-old and 2011 sixth overall pick with a sweet swing began the season at second base but injuries to Zimmerman forced Rendon to move to third. For the rest of the season, he stayed there, becoming the Nationals’ likely third baseman for many years to come.
Rendon topped all NL third basemen with a .287 average (tied with Casey McGehee), slugging percentage (.473) and OPS (.824). His season totals displayed his ability to hit for average, drive the ball to the opposite field and for power. He finished with 39 doubles, six triples, 21 home runs and 83 RBI. His 111 runs scored led the league.
Along with strong baserunning and defense, Rendon did everything you can do on the baseball field well. According to FanGraphs.com’s version of WAR (Wins Above Replacement), Rendon was the second most valuable player in the NL, worth 6.6 WAR, second only to Andrew McCutchen (6.8).
“While I don’t play this game for the individual accolades, I’m incredibly honored to receive this award and to be mentioned in the same breath as these great players — especially my teammate and friend, Ian Desmond,” Rendon said in a team-issued statement. “I would like to thank all of the coaches, trainers and teammates who I’ve been with along the way. Without them, I wouldn’t be in a position to accept this.”
WINNERS
First Base: Jose Abreu, White Sox
Second Base: Jose Altuve, Astros
Shortstop: Alexei Ramirez, White Sox
Third Base: Adrian Beltre, Rangers
Outfield: Mike Trout, Angels

How soon could same-sex marriage be decided by the Supreme CourtBy Dale Carpenter November 6
Today’s decision from the Sixth Circuit, the only federal appellate court opinion so far rejecting constitutional claims for same-sex marriage, has two obvious consequences.
The first is that just a month after the Supreme Court had seemingly dodged the issue for the rest of its 2014 Term, Judge Jeffrey Sutton’s  decision in DeBoer v. Snyder  has brought it back for resolution, likely as early as June 2015 or as late as June 2016.
The second consequence is that the Sixth Circuit decision ensures the Justices will have before them at least one well-written and reasoned opinion against constitutionalizing the issue of same-sex marriage. After dutifully arguing for four pages that he was bound by the ancient one-line decision from the Supreme Court in Baker v. Nelson, Judge Sutton nevertheless used the next 25 pages of his opinion to address the merits. He was right to do so. And he was right to focus on the many post-1972 changes in doctrine that might affect the outcome.
In this post, I’ll look at the possible timing of a Supreme Court decision on same-sex marriage.  In a future post or posts, I’ll offer some reactions to the substance of Sutton’s opinion, which addresses the major arguments for same-sex marriage resting on due process and equal protection (including rational-basis review , fundamental rights, heightened scrutiny of anti-gay discrimination, and animus ).
The Supreme Court is capable of many surprises, some of them dispensed with a taciturnity only Calvin Coolidge could rival, but it’s now fairly safe to say that the Court will decide the merits of same-sex marriage no later than June 2016. In fact, I think it will probably be much sooner. Here’s why.
At least initially, timing is in the hands of the lawyers who argued for same-sex marriage before the Sixth Circuit. The lawyers from the four states (Michigan, Ohio, Tennessee, and Kentucky) could try to delay resolution in the Supreme Court by requesting en banc review from the Sixth Circuit. That could add months to the calendar, pushing off an eventual Supreme Court decision to the 2015 Term beginning next October. That would result in a decision likely no later than June 2016.
But in the meantime, one or more of the cases from the Fifth, Eleventh, Eighth, or First Circuits could be decided. The Fifth Circuit has set argument for the week of January 5, 2015. A decision from that court could come as early as February.
I assume each set of lawyers in the Sixth Circuit wants its case to be the one decided by the Court. And I take them at their word that their clients want an expeditious resolution of the issue. For the same-sex couples and their children in these cases, marriage is not some abstract cause. Even if some of the lawyers wanted to wait, I doubt all of them would. And it would take just one set of plaintiffs to file a cert petition that the Supreme Court could grant. The ACLU, which represents the Ohio plaintiffs, has already promised to seek Supreme Court review “right away.”  On the other hand, if one set of plaintiffs did decide to seek en banc review, the Supreme Court might hold off accepting the case until the Sixth Circuit made a decision.
Beyond the personal interests in expeditious resolution, trying to delay a final decision until 2016 at this point would make little strategic sense. The Sixth Circuit, dominated by Republican-appointed judges, is not thought to be very hospitable to same-sex marriage claims. (The Sixth Circuit could even take the issue en banc on its own initiative.) So the outcome of an en banc review would probably be to affirm the panel, which would take the matter right back to the Supreme Court (if one of the cases from the other circuits, which include some fairly conservative courts, doesn’t get there first).
Petitions filed now don’t guarantee a decision during the current Term, of course. Ultimately, the Supreme Court’s decisionmaking schedule is in its own control. The Justices could receive petitions now and hold them over until next Term. Considering Justice Ginsburg’s view as expressed in September at the University of Minnesota Law School that a circuit split on same-sex marriage would create “urgency” on the issue, I don’t expect the Justices would do that.
To the extent that same-sex marriage advocates believe there are already five votes at the Supreme Court for same-sex marriage (a view shared by astute Court-watchers on both sides, including NRO’s Ed Whelan ), any delay only raises the risk that there will be an unfavorable change in the Court’s composition. In light of Tuesday’s election result in the Senate, there can be no certainty that a favorable Justice would be replaced by an equally favorable one in the next couple of years. The seat could remain vacant, meaning a 4-4 split at the Court (which would affirm the adverse lower court ruling) and perhaps mean a re-argument after 2016 when the Court returned to full strength. Nobody can know what the 2016 election holds. Why risk it?
If same-sex marriage advocates file petitions immediately in the Court, the Justices could accept the case quickly, set a briefing schedule to be completed by, say, February, hold oral argument in March or April, and issue a decision this Term. If the Court holds to its practice of waiting until the end of the Term to decide momentous cases–and this would be the most momentous this year–that could mean a decision in May or June. All of the major gay-rights decisions so far–all written by Justice Kennedy, I might add–have been issued late in the Court’s session.  Romer v. Evans came down in May 1996. Lawrence v. Texas was issued on the last day of the session in June 2003. And United States v. Windsor was announced on the last day of the Term in June 2013.
This year, decisions will be issued on Monday, June 22, and Thursday, June 25, 2015. And then there’s one last possible decision day.  It’s not much more than a hunch, and it’s subject to about a thousand different contingencies, but you might want to plan on tuning in to your favorite 24-hour news channel at 10 a.m. (EDT) on Monday, June 29, 2015.
Dale Carpenter is the Distinguished University Teaching Professor and Earl R. Larson Professor of Civil Rights & Civil Liberties Law at the University of Minnesota Law School. He teaches and writes in the areas of constitutional law; the freedoms of speech, association, and religion; and sexual orientation and the law.

The last person connected to the Texas Ebola patients will be cleared FridayBy Mark Berman November 6 Follow @markberman
Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital workers react while watching a live news conference on TV showing nurse Nina Pham being released from the hospital after being declared Ebola free. (Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital via EPA)
More than five weeks after the first Ebola diagnosis in the United States — which sparked two other cases and the beginnings of a panic that stretched from Texas to Ohio and reverberated in Washington, D.C. — the last person connected to the country’s initial Ebola experience is expected to be deemed safe from the virus.
Even as the focus on Ebola has shifted from Texas (where the first three cases were seen) to New York (where a high-profile case recently occurred ), this is a noteworthy moment. In symbolic terms, it marks the closing of that particular public-health chapter; in a more concrete sense, it simply means that a person who could have been exposed to a deadly virus escaped infection.
The first person diagnosed with Ebola in this country was Thomas Duncan, a Liberian man who flew to Texas before being diagnosed Sept. 30 . He died eight days later , the only Ebola patient treated in the United States to die so far. The two nurses who treated him at a Dallas hospital and were infected have both been treated and declared safe. On Friday, 38 days after Duncan’s diagnosis, one last person connected to the Texas Ebola saga will reach the last day of their monitoring period. People infected with Ebola develop symptoms within 21 days, which is why anyone who may have had contact with an infected person needs to be monitored for symptoms until that window has passed.
Health officials have monitored a total of 177 people in Texas for contact with one of the three people diagnosed with Ebola in that state (or with any of their specimens or other means of infection). Dozens of people who had possible contact with Duncan were cleared last month, and the only people who tested positive for the illness were  Nina Pham and Amber Vinson , two nurses who treated Duncan.
The last person who is being monitored twice a day is a hospital worker who handled medical waste Oct. 17, according to the Texas Department of State Health Services. That occurred the day after Pham was transferred from Dallas to a special National Institutes of Health facility in Bethesda, Md., for treatment, and two days after Vinson was similarly moved  from Dallas to Emory University Hospital . This person, presuming they do not have any symptoms by the end of Friday, will be in the clear.
“We’re happy to reach this milestone, but our guard stays up,” David Lakey, commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services, said in a statement.
Questions still remain about these cases in Texas, including why Duncan was sent home from the hospital when he first sought treatment (the hospital apologized for making “mistakes” but offered no explanation beyond that) and how the two nurses were infected. And there are still other people in Texas being monitored for Ebola at this moment. About 50 people returned to the state from the West African countries hit hardest by the epidemic and are being monitored; one person, a nurse who treated patients in Sierra Leone, has been asked to stay home during her 21-day window, health officials said.
Meanwhile, here is your periodic reminder that there is currently only one (1) person in the United States with Ebola .
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Ferguson police investigating altercation in parking lot involving Michael Browns mother  other family membersBy Sarah Larimer November 6 Follow @slarimer
In this image from video, the parents of Michael Brown, Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr., speak at a news conference with civil rights leaders at the National Press Club on Sept. 25 in Washington. D.C. (Associated Press)
Police in Ferguson, Mo., are investigating a fight between members of the family of Michael Brown which allegedly erupted over the sale of merchandise last month.
Pearlie Gordon, Michael Brown Sr.’s mother-in-law, told police that she was selling “Justice for Mike Brown” items in a parking lot Oct. 18 when a group of about 20 to 30 people rushed toward her, according to an incident report. Gordon said that Brown’s mother, Lesley McSpadden, told her that she couldn’t sell the merchandise.
Gordon then told McSpadden that “unless McSpadden could produce documentation stating she had a patent on her son’s name, she (Gordon) was going to continue to sell her merchandise,” the report states.
That’s when McSpadden’s mother started to rip down items from the booth. Gordon told police she was hit on the head and knocked to the ground. She said McSpadden punched her during the incident, in which more than $1,500 in merchandise and at least $400 in cash was stolen.
A witness watched the fight and recorded it, but didn’t immediately provide the police department with the video, according to the report.
A woman who answered a phone number listed for Gordon declined to comment. Lynne Perkins, a lawyer for McSpadden, told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch that her client “denies that she assaulted anyone.”
Ferguson police spokesman Tim Zoll said that no other departments were involved in the case.
“It took place in Ferguson,” he said. “It wasn’t a part of the protests, it was part of people selling things.”
Brown was fatally shot by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson in August . His killing was followed by a string of protests in the St. Louis suburb, and the response from law enforcement was heavily criticized. A grand jury is discussing the case, and local officials and activists are preparing for its decision .
McSpadden asked police not to release the incident report, the Post-Dispatch reported , but a judge ruled that it was a public record .
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Sixth Circuit on the rational basis for opposite-sex-only marriage lawsBy Eugene Volokh November 6 Follow @volokhc
I support same-sex marriage as a policy matter, and I think there are plausible arguments for concluding that modern Equal Protection Clause doctrine presumptively bars sexual orientation classifications and thus bars opposite-sex-only marriage laws. But I do think that the argument that such laws flunk the “rational basis” test — which is deliberately very deferential to legislative judgment — isn’t terribly persuasive. Today’s Sixth Circuit majority in DeBoer v. Snyder (6th Cir. Nov. 6, 2014) defends this point well, I think:
A first requirement of any law, whether under the Due Process or Equal Protection Clause, is that it rationally advance a legitimate government policy. Vance v. Bradley, 440 U.S. 93, 97 (1979). Two words (“judicial restraint,” FCC v. Beach Commc’ns, Inc., 508 U.S. 307, 314 (1993)) and one principle (trust in the people that “even improvident decisions will eventually be rectified by the democratic process,” Vance, 440 U.S. at 97) tell us all we need to know about the light touch judges should use in reviewing laws under this standard. So long as judges can conceive of some “plausible” reason for the law — any plausible reason, even one that did not motivate the legislators who enacted it — the law must stand, no matter how unfair, unjust, or unwise the judges may consider it as citizens. Heller v. Doe, 509 U.S. 312, 330 (1993); Nordlinger v. Hahn, 505 U.S. 1, 11, 17–18 (1992).
A dose of humility makes us hesitant to condemn as unconstitutionally irrational a view of marriage shared not long ago by every society in the world, shared by most, if not all, of our ancestors, and shared still today by a significant number of the States. Hesitant, yes; but still a rational basis, some rational basis, must exist for the definition. What is it?
Two at a minimum suffice to meet this low bar. One starts from the premise that governments got into the business of defining marriage, and remain in the business of defining marriage, not to regulate love but to regulate sex, most especially the intended and unintended effects of male-female intercourse. Imagine a society without marriage. It does not take long to envision problems that might result from an absence of rules about how to handle the natural effects of male-female intercourse: children.
May men and women follow their procreative urges wherever they take them? Who is responsible for the children that result? How many mates may an individual have? How does one decide which set of mates is responsible for which set of children? That we rarely think about these questions nowadays shows only how far we have come and how relatively stable our society is, not that States have no explanation for creating such rules in the first place.
Once one accepts a need to establish such ground rules, and most especially a need to create stable family units for the planned and unplanned creation of children, one can well appreciate why the citizenry would think that a reasonable first concern of any society is the need to regulate male-female relationships and the unique procreative possibilities of them. One way to pursue this objective is to encourage couples to enter lasting relationships through subsidies and other benefits and to discourage them from ending such relationships through these and other means.
People may not need the government’s encouragement to have sex. And they may not need the government’s encouragement to propagate the species. But they may well need the government’s encouragement to create and maintain stable relationships within which children may flourish. It is not society’s laws or for that matter any one religion’s laws, but nature’s laws (that men and women complement each other biologically), that created the policy imperative. And governments typically are not second-guessed under the Constitution for prioritizing how they tackle such issues. Dandridge v. Williams, 397 U.S. 471, 486–87 (1970).
No doubt, that is not the only way people view marriage today. Over time, marriage has come to serve another value — to solemnize relationships characterized by love, affection, and commitment. Gay couples, no less than straight couples, are capable of sharing such relationships. And gay couples, no less than straight couples, are capable of raising children and providing stable families for them. The quality of such relationships, and the capacity to raise children within them, turns not on sexual orientation but on individual choices and individual commitment. All of this supports the policy argument made by many that marriage laws should be extended to gay couples, just as nineteen States have done through their own sovereign powers. Yet it does not show that the States, circa 2014, suddenly must look at this policy issue in just one way on pain of violating the Constitution.
The signature feature of rational basis review is that governments will not be placed in the dock for doing too much or for doing too little in addressing a policy question. In a modern sense, crystallized at some point in the last ten years, many people now critique state marriage laws for doing too little — for being underinclusive by failing to extend the definition of marriage to gay couples. Fair enough. But rational basis review does not permit courts to invalidate laws every time a new and allegedly better way of addressing a policy emerges, even a better way supported by evidence and, in the Michigan case, by judicial factfinding.
If legislative choices may rest on “rational speculation unsupported by evidence or empirical data,” Beach Commc’ns, 508 U.S. at 315, it is hard to see the point of premising a ruling of unconstitutionality on factual findings made by one unelected federal judge that favor a different policy. Rational basis review does not empower federal courts to “subject” legislative line-drawing to “courtroom” factfinding designed to show that legislatures have done too much or too little. Id.
What we are left with is this: By creating a status (marriage) and by subsidizing it (e.g., with tax-filing privileges and deductions), the States created an incentive for two people who procreate together to stay together for purposes of rearing offspring. That does not convict the States of irrationality, only of awareness of the biological reality that couples of the same sex do not have children in the same way as couples of opposite sexes and that couples of the same sex do not run the risk of unintended offspring. That explanation, still relevant today, suffices to allow the States to retain authority over an issue they have regulated from the beginning.
To take another rational explanation for the decision of many States not to expand the definition of marriage, a State might wish to wait and see before changing a norm that our society (like all others) has accepted for centuries. That is not preserving tradition for its own sake. No one here claims that the States’ original definition of marriage was unconstitutional when enacted. The plaintiffs’ claim is that the States have acted irrationally in standing by the traditional definition in the face of changing social mores. Yet one of the key insights of federalism is that it permits laboratories of experimentation — accent on the plural — allowing one State to innovate one way, another State another, and a third State to assess the trial and error over time.
As a matter of state law, the possibility of gay marriage became real in 2003 with the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court’s decision in Goodridge. Eleven years later, the clock has not run on assessing the benefits and burdens of expanding the definition of marriage. Eleven years indeed is not even the right timeline. The fair question is whether in 2004, one year after Goodridge, Michigan voters could stand by the traditional definition of marriage.
How can we say that the voters acted irrationally for sticking with the seen benefits of thousands of years of adherence to the traditional definition of marriage in the face of one year of experience with a new definition of marriage? A State still assessing how this has worked, whether in 2004 or 2014, is not showing irrationality, just a sense of stability and an interest in seeing how the new definition has worked elsewhere.
Even today, the only thing anyone knows for sure about the long-term impact of redefining marriage is that they do not know. A Burkean sense of caution does not violate the Fourteenth Amendment, least of all when measured by a timeline less than a dozen years long and when assessed by a system of government designed to foster step-by-step, not sudden winner-take-all, innovations to policy problems.
In accepting these justifications for the four States’ marriage laws, we do not deny the foolish, sometimes offensive, inconsistencies that have haunted marital legislation from time to time. States will hand some people a marriage license no matter how often they have divorced or remarried, apparently on the theory that practice makes perfect. States will not even prevent an individual from remarrying the same person three or four times, where practice no longer seems to be the issue.
With love and commitment nowhere to be seen, States will grant a marriage license to two friends who wish to share in the tax and other material benefits of marriage, at least until the State’s no-fault divorce laws allow them to exit the partnership freely. And States allow couples to continue procreating no matter how little stability, safety, and love they provide the children they already have. Nor has unjustified sanctimony stayed off the stage when it comes to marital legislation — with monogamists who “do not monog” criticizing alleged polygamists who “do not polyg.”
How, the claimants ask, could anyone possibly be unworthy of this civil institution? Aren’t gay and straight couples both capable of honoring this civil institution in some cases and of messing it up in others? All of this, however, proves much too much. History is replete with examples of love, sex, and marriage tainted by hypocrisy. Without it, half of the world’s literature, and three-quarters of its woe, would disappear.
Throughout, we have never leveraged these inconsistencies about deeply personal, sometimes existential, views of marriage into a ground for constitutionalizing the field. Instead, we have allowed state democratic forces to fix the problems as they emerge and as evolving community mores show they should be fixed. Even if we think about today’s issue and today’s alleged inconsistencies solely from the perspective of the claimants in this case, it is difficult to call that formula, already coming to terms with a new view of marriage, a failure.
Any other approach would create line-drawing problems of its own. Consider how plaintiffs’ love-and-commitment definition of marriage would fare under their own rational basis test. Their definition does too much because it fails to account for the reality that no State in the country requires couples, whether gay or straight, to be in love. Their definition does too little because it fails to account for plural marriages, where there is no reason to think that three or four adults, whether gay, bisexual, or straight, lack the capacity to share love, affection, and commitment, or for that matter lack the capacity to be capable (and more plentiful) parents to boot. If it is constitutionally irrational to stand by the man-woman definition of marriage, it must be constitutionally irrational to stand by the monogamous definition of marriage.
Plaintiffs have no answer to the point. What they might say they cannot: They might say that tradition or community mores provide a rational basis for States to stand by the monogamy definition of marriage, but they cannot say that because that is exactly what they claim is illegitimate about the States’ male-female definition of marriage. The predicament does not end there. No State is free of marriage policies that go too far in some directions and not far enough in others, making all of them vulnerable — if the claimants’ theory of rational basis review prevails.
Several cases illustrate just how seriously the federal courts must take the line-drawing deference owed the democratic process under rational basis review. Massachusetts Board of Retirement v. Murgia, 427 U.S. 307 (1976), holds that a State may require law enforcement officers to retire without exception at age fifty, in order to assure the physical fitness of its police force. If a rough correlation between age and strength suffices to uphold exception-free retirement ages (even though some fifty-year-olds swim/bike/run triathlons), why doesn’t a correlation between male-female intercourse and procreation suffice to uphold traditional marriage laws (even though some straight couples don’t have kids and many gay couples do)?
Armour v. City of Indianapolis, 132 S. Ct. 2073 (2012), says that if a city cancels a tax, the bureaucratic hassle of issuing refunds entitles it to keep money already collected from citizens who paid early. If administrative convenience amounts to an adequate public purpose, why not a rough sense of social stability?
More deferential still, Kotch v. Board of River Port Pilot Commissioners, 330 U.S. 552 (1947), concludes that a State’s interest in maintaining close ties among those who steer ships in its ports justifies denying pilotage licenses to anyone who isn’t a friend or relative of an incumbent pilot. Can we honestly say that traditional marriage laws involve more irrationality than nepotism?
The debate over marriage of course has another side, and we cannot deny the costs to the plaintiffs of allowing the States to work through this profound policy debate. The traditional definition of marriage denies gay couples the opportunity to publicly solemnize, to say nothing of subsidize, their relationships under state law. In addition to depriving them of this status, it deprives them of benefits that range from the profound (the right to visit someone in a hospital as a spouse or parent) to the mundane (the right to file joint tax returns). These harms affect not only gay couples but also their children.
Do the benefits of standing by the traditional definition of marriage make up for these costs? The question demands an answer — but from elected legislators, not life-tenured judges. Our task under the Supreme Court’s precedents is to decide whether the law has some conceivable basis, not to gauge how that rationale stacks up against the arguments on the other side. Respect for democratic control over this traditional area of state expertise ensures that “a statewide deliberative process that enable[s] its citizens to discuss and weigh arguments for and against same-sex marriage” can have free and reasonable rein. Windsor, 133 S. Ct. at 2689.
Retaining the traditional opposite-sex-only marriage rule is, I think, on balance unwise. It may be unfair. It might be unconstitutional if heightened scrutiny is required. But I don’t think it’s irrational.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Seeking a new cabinet  Yemens prime minister turns to an unlikely place: FacebookBy Peter Holley November 6 Follow @peterjholley
(Facebook)
Democracy at its purest in a country roiled by unrest? A foolhardy appeal to populism? Smart jobs plan?
Khaled Bahah, the newly appointed prime minister of Yemen, has asked his Facebook followers to assist him in selecting his new cabinet -- as in, the one in charge of running the country.
"Participate, as a citizen, in nominating names of a government of technocrats and be part of the event," Bahah wrote in the post that went up Saturday. ( The post is written in Arabic ; the translation is from Gulf News .) Accompanying the text: a curious photo of an avatar deciding which way to go.
Bahah has roughly 34,000 Facebook followers, the equivalent of a fractional percent of the country's 24.4 million citizens. The post has been "Liked" more than 6,400 times and been shared just over 1,200 times.
Reactions were mostly positive, according to a a Gulf News story that noted: "General Mahmoud Al Sobihi, the commander of Aden-based 4th Military Zone, was widely recommended for the ministry of defence."
The story goes on to point out that Mounir Al Mawari, a Yemeni journalist based in the United States, offered the new prime minister some practical advice: “I suggest excluding all members of the outgoing government before anything else since it is a failed government."
Khaled Bahah arrives in Yemen after a trip to New York ( Facebook)
Some commenters offered names that led to lengthy threads full of resume-boosting anecdotes and adjectives fit for a LinkedIn page.
"Nominate Judge Hamed Abdulrahma," wrote one user, citing his "expertise, efficiency and integrity." Another user seconded the nomination, noting that the the judge "is best suited to the management of the Ministry of Justice in this serious and important phase."
Other users, like one cited by the BBC , saw the post as a dereliction of duty.
"It seems you're already lost," the man is quoted as saying. "As a Prime Minister you should have a vision of what you are trying to achieve… we want a government that will take responsibility."
Formerly Yemen's ambassador to the United Nations, Bahah was appointed prime minister by President Abdu Rabbu Mansour on Oct. 13 and was given 30 days to form a government, according to state media reports.
Though Bahah's Facebook post doesn't appear to set a timeline for his selections, AFP reported last week that "a Shiite rebel leader in Yemen warned" the president on Friday "to form a new government within 10 days or a 'national salvation council" would take its place."
As the BBC reported , the new government will be the first to take office after a recent political crisis that led to armed confrontations inside the capital and the resignation of Prime Minister Mohamed Basindowa.
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

Gay rights in eastern Europe just took a big step forwardBy Michael Birnbaum November 6 Follow @michaelbirnbaum
Latvian Foreign  Minister  Edgars Rinkevics, left, is greeted by Moldovan President Nicolae Tomofti during Rinkevics's official visit in Chisinau, Moldova, on Feb. 25, 2014. (Dumitru Doru/EPA)
MOSCOW — Latvian Foreign Minister Edgars Rinkevics announced Thursday that he was gay, breaking a barrier in Eastern Europe’s socially conservative political arena.
The declaration, made via a cheerful Twitter posting, immediately gave gay rights advocates a prominent voice in post-Soviet Eastern Europe. The region — where openly gay public figures are a rarity — has significantly lagged behind the United States and Western Europe in its acceptance of same-sex relationships.
The announcement came less than two months before Latvia assumes the European Union’s rotating presidency on Jan. 1, giving Rinkevics an even higher-profile platform from which to push for more tolerance for same-sex relationships.
“Our country has to create a legal status for all kinds of partner relationships, and I will fight for this. I know that there will quickly be mega-hysteria, but #proudtobegay,” he wrote Thursday on Twitter .
A spokesman confirmed the authenticity of the post. Rinkevics, 41, one of Latvia’s most popular politicians, had long declined to discuss his personal life. He is a member of the ruling Unity party and since 2011 has been foreign minister of the Baltic nation of 2 million people.
Latvia enacted a constitutional ban on same-sex marriage in 2005, and very few gay men and lesbians in the country are open about their sexuality. A law that would confine sex education in schools to traditional opposite-sex marriage is making its way through Parliament.
Rinkevics declined Thursday to comment on the timing of the announcement. It came a day after his post as foreign minister was confirmed as part of Latvia’s new government. The nation held parliamentary elections last month.
Many other former Eastern Bloc countries also have constitutional bans on same-sex marriages, and openly gay people have frequently complained about discrimination.
The announcement comes at a time when tensions between the West and Russia, which has styled itself as a bastion of traditional family values, are at their highest level since the Cold War. Russia forbids “gay propaganda” to minors , a law that gay rights advocates say has been used to persecute them. After Apple chief executive Tim Cook announced last week that he was gay, an iPhone-shaped monument to Apple founder Steve Jobs was taken down in St. Petersburg.
Openly gay European politicians have been subject to snipes from Eastern European leaders in the past.
“It’s better to be a dictator than gay,” Belarusan President Alexander Lukashenko once said in response to criticism of his human rights record from then-German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle, who is openly gay.
Michael Birnbaum is The Post’s Moscow bureau chief. He previously served as the Berlin correspondent and an education reporter.

It looks like the Supreme Court will have to chime in on same-sex marriage after allBy Emily Badger November 6 Follow @emilymbadger
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
Remember the big no-decision decision the Supreme Court issued on same-sex marriage just a month ago? The justices were asked — in five separate cases no less — to weigh in on whether same-sex couples have a constitutional right to marriage. The Supreme Court demurred on the question, which was a significant move in and of itself.
By declining to review any of the cases before it, the justices effectively blessed lower-court rulings that had struck down state gay marriage bans in five states . Circuit courts had been unanimous on the subject. So what more was there to say? Barack Obama even told Jeffrey Toobin recently that he thought this was the best Supreme Court decision of his tenure : a silent statement on the importance of letting cultural change spread across the country, one state at a time.
Well, so much for the power of silence. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit just reversed rulings striking down gay-marriage bans in Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky and Tennessee. This means that four circuit courts have now struck down gay marriage bans, while one has upheld them. We no longer have unanimity. The Supreme Court, eventually, will have to step in.
This is the argument it will hear from the 6th Circuit in a 2-1 ruling that essentially declares that people in each state — and not a panel of judges — should preside over how best to handle changing views about marriage:
In just eleven years, nineteen States and a conspicuous District, accounting for nearly forty-five percent of the population, have exercised their sovereign powers to expand a definition of marriage that until recently was universally followed going back to the earliest days of human history. That is a difficult timeline to criticize as unworthy of further debate and voting. When the courts do not let the people resolve new social issues like this one, they perpetuate the idea that the heroes in these change events are judges and lawyers. Better in this instance, we think, to allow change through the customary political processes, in which the people, gay and straight alike, become the heroes of their own stories by meeting each other not as adversaries in a court system but as fellow citizens seeking to resolve a new social issue in a fair-minded way.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

Los Angeles rolls out a million-dollar VC fund just for city employeesBy Nancy Scola November 6 Follow @nancyscola
Los Angeles mayoral candidate Eric Garcetti speaks during an election night rally May 21, 2013, in the Hollywood area. (Chris Carlson/AP)
If you're on the city of Los Angeles's payroll with a bright idea about how to make the city work better, there's now a million dollars waiting to help make that happen .
On Thursday, Los Angeles announced that it has launched what it called an "in-house venture capital fund" stocked with general city funds as part of the recently passed budget. As of now, city employees apply for an uncapped portion of the $1 million available through Innovate.LAcity.org .
The ideas will be evaluated by city officials, including representatives of the mayor's office. They will be looking, the city says, for plans that are both original and achievable: proposed innovations should be capable of being both implemented and evaluated within a year of funding.
Los Angeles, say city officials, will be looking for creative insights like the one cited by Mayor Eric Garcetti in his 2014 State of the City speech : One parks employee, frustrated that the air conditioner ran all night in his local gym, bought parts and installed a switch-and-timer to control it. Such "Red Buttons" have since become an official city program.
"People in any organization are often thinking, 'You know, I have a good idea about how to change this or that,' " says Abhi Nemani, the city's chief data officer. "But often they don't have the leadership or buy-in from their employer to get it done."
The city of Los Angeles's internal innovation fund fits into a broader trend: putting private industry's tools and techniques for generating innovation to work in the the public sector. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services runs a "Shark Tank"-style competition among its 90,000 employees . And September saw the launch of a $23 million venture capital fund focused solely at backing companies aimed at improving government IT.
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

Princess Anne cuts ribbon to Library of Congress Magna Carta exhibitBy Emily Heil November 6 Follow @emilyaheil
Britain’s Princess Anne (C), her husband Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence (L) and Major General Jeffrey S. Buchanan (R), Commander of the U.S. Army Military District of Washington watch the Changing of the Guard at a ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. EPA/MICHAEL REYNOLDS
No need to practice those curtsies — it’s a relatively low-key visit to Washington for Princess Anne, who was at the Library of Congress on Thursday for the opening of an exhibit celebrating the 800th anniversary of the Magna Carta.
Queen Elizabeth II’s daughter cut the ribbon to the display (they must have a whole class in Princess School for ribbon-cutting) and made a few remarks to a crowd that included British ambassador Peter Westmacott and library officials.
“Anniversaries are an opportunity to look forward to what will be happening in maybe 100, 200 years,” she said, according to a press release by the Library. “Will we still be celebrating Magna Carta as it reaches those milestones and its relevance in that time and ensuring that the rule of law remains a valued concept in the future? It is imperative for us to instill these values, this understanding in the next generation.”
On her first official visit to the U.S. since 1994, Princess Anne also attended a ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery.
 

How the soda industry met its match in one of Americas most liberal citiesWonkblog
How the soda industry met its match in one of America’s most liberal cities
On Tuesday, despite a furious and well-financed opposition campaign by the beverage industry, Berkeley became the first city in the country to pass a tax on sugary drinks.
By Roberto A. Ferdman November 7 Follow @robferdman
Less money, no problem. (Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP Photo)
On Tuesday, voters in Berkeley, Calif. passed the country's first soda tax with a whopping 75 percent of the vote, a big defeat for the beverage industry, which had poured millions of dollars into blocking the tax.
In a campaign year when control of the Senate was at stake and states across the country were voting on marijuana legalization, the beverage industry's attention was focused on Berkeley.
The university town—population 117,000—was considering a new tax on sodas and other sugar drinks, designed to deter consumers from drinking beverages that public health officials agree are leading to dangerous levels of obesity.
The initiative triggered a huge reaction from the industry. Over at least 10 months, beverage companies spent nearly $2.5 million, or roughly $30 for each registered voter living in Berkeley, to stop the measure, running ads on everything from public transportation, to local newspapers and television,  according to local media .
More than $600,000 was spent on campaign literature, $530,000 to pay a media company to place ads, $62,000 on mailings, and $44,000 on polling were spent by the campaign, according to filings published by Berkeleyside . An  investigation by ABC News  even uncovered advertising on Craigslist offering $13 an hour for those willing to march with signs against the measure.
"They bought virtually every form that you can buy for advertising," said Larry Tramutola, a political strategist and consultant to the coalition, in a conference call organized by advocates of the tax on sugar-sweetened beverage products on Wednesday. "And I think in some way their aggressive bullying tactics in Berkeley backfired."
The industry was spending so much that former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg, famous for trying to pass his own anti-soda measures, began pouring in money, too.
"We didn't come in to make a contribution until we became concerned that the opposition spending was enough to alter the vote," said Harold Wolfson, senior adviser to Bloomberg, in the conference call. Bloomberg donated nearly $400,000 to the pro-tax campaign.
The beverage industry's fixation on Berkeley is a testament to its growing nervousness that America is falling out of love with sodas and other sugary drinks. Per capita consumption of soda is down almost 30 percent since its peak in 1998, according to data market research firm IBIS World .
And the fight in Berkeley underscores the lengths to which soda makers are willing to go to block soda tax measures. The industry has spent more than $100 million in the past five years to stop dozens of similar taxes in other cities and states across the United States.
Berkeley's new sugary drinks tax, which will take effect on January 1, will look a lot like the one passed in Mexico last year, which has been credited with a marked reduction in the country's soda intake. Sodas, sports drinks, sweet teas, and all other beverages injected with added sugar will cost an extra penny-per-ounce for consumers. Exceptions will include beverages with recognized nutritional value, like sweetened milk and meal replacement drinks.
All the money collected in Berkeley, which is expected to amount to as much as $1 million annually, will go to the general fund, a move that allowed the measure to pass in the city with only a 50 percent majority (in San Francisco, a similar measure received 54 percent of the vote but failed to pass because it required a two-thirds majority).
In many ways, it's not surprising that Berkeley, a city famous for its progressiveness, is the first in the country to pass a soda tax. Berkeley, after all, has repeatedly been at the frontier of other health legislation, especially stringent smoking laws. In 1977, city become the first place to limit smoking in public places. And last year the community voted to ban cigarette use in all multi-unit housing in the city.
The question now is whether other towns will follow Berkeley's lead.
The industry says it's doubtful since it says Berkeley is an outlier.
"They've finally found the lowest form of low-hanging fruit," said Chris Gindlesperger, senior director of public affairs for the American Beverage Association. "Berkeley is not representative of the rest of the country."
That sentiment, however justified, might be missing the point. The key question isn't so much whether the rest of the country looks like one of its more liberal cities; rather, it's whether it has the potential to be inspired by it.
"The country was was really waiting for the dam to break here, and a group to lead an effort like this that was successful in passing a soda tax," said Wolfson. "There will be a tremendous outpouring of interest around this issue."
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.

Judge backs Walgreen  redacts some parts of suitJudge backs Walgreen, redacts some paragraphs in lawsuit
Walgreens
Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune
Looking through a W for Walgreens onto Michigan Avenue at a new Walgreens on the 400 block of North Michigan Avenue in Chicago on Tuesday, June 24, 2014.
Looking through a W for Walgreens onto Michigan Avenue at a new Walgreens on the 400 block of North Michigan Avenue in Chicago on Tuesday, June 24, 2014. (Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune)
Trials and Arbitration Courts and the Judiciary U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Chuck Douglas
Walgreen gets portion of request OK'd
A Cook County Circuit Court judge Thursday agreed to redact some paragraphs in a defamation lawsuit filed by Walgreen's former chief financial officer.
8
The lawsuit included internal emails between Walgreen executives, as well as other information in the complaint that Walgreen said revealed confidential information. Former Chief Financial Officer Wade Miquelon alleged in his suit, filed Oct. 16, that Walgreen defamed him when subsequent news reports suggested he was "personally responsible" for a $1 billion error in the company's earnings forecast.
Read the story
Walgreen had asked to redact 39 paragraphs or partial paragraphs in the suit and the court agreed to redact 31, obliging about 80 percent of Walgreen's request.
"The Court's ruling today accepted Walgreens view that the plaintiff should have filed his complaint under seal, instead of improperly disclosing the company's confidential information," Walgreen attorney Chuck Douglas said in a statement.
0
The company also asked for a protective order to guide future disclosures, which Associate Judge Franklin Valderrama denied, saying it was "overly broad."
Walgreen's lawyer said that the company plans to submit an additional protective order next week, with revisions the judge suggested in court. Miquelon's attorney David Bernick said he worried that a protective order would handcuff his ability to present information in open court.
"The whole point of the protective order is not to put a gag order on the plaintiff," Valderrama said. "What we're talking about is information that doesn't need to go beyond the court. It doesn't mean you, yourself, are not able to get and use the information for purposes of this suit. All I'm saying is, we're talking about an issue of access and we're talking about whether there should be public access to the documents."
The next court date is set for Nov. 21.
Walgreen has acknowledged that its efforts to seal already public documents "will have little effect at this point," but said the company would move forward to set rules for future disclosures during litigation. To that point, on Wednesday, a group of Walgreen investors filed a complaint with the Securities and Exchange Commission, asking it to investigate potential violations of disclosure rules, much of its complaint based on documents and information included in the lawsuit.
To view a copy of the lawsuit and the redactions Walgreen proposed, go to chicagotribune.com/walgreenslawsuit .
Miquelon said in his suit that the company's characterizations of him have blocked his efforts to find a new job. He stands to collect a $3.2 million severance package after his nonexecutive role with the company officially ends Dec. 1.
"It is likely too late to undo the harm (Miquelon) has caused to Walgreens through his publication of a misleading and slanderous narrative using confidential information plucked out of context," Walgreen said in an Oct. 24 court filing. "Walgreen's ultimate remedy will be vindication when the judicial process has fully played out and (Miquelon's) narrative is exposed as false."

Takata execs ordered technicians to erase air bag test results: reportTakata execs ordered technicians to erase air bag test results: report
Visitor walks past displays of Takata
Toru Hanai, Reuters
Visitor walks past displays of Takata Corp. at a showroom for vehicles in Tokyo.
Visitor walks past displays of Takata Corp. at a showroom for vehicles in Tokyo. (Toru Hanai, Reuters)
Takata shares fall after report it hid air bags risks in 2004
 
8
Takata Corp, the Japanese auto parts maker at the center of a global vehicle recall, ordered its technicians to destroy results of tests on some of its air bags after finding cracks in air bag inflators, the New York Times said on Friday.
 
 
The tests were carried out on the inflators - steel canisters that contain an explosive used to inflate the bags in a collision - after an accident in 2004 when an inflator in a Honda Accord exploded, ejecting metal fragments and injuring the driver, it said.
 
Should shut them down. It is criminal what they did.
Southwest
2
Citing two former Takata employees, the newspaper said Takata retrieved 50 airbags from scrap yards for tests not long after the accident. Instead of alerting U.S. federal safety regulators to the possible danger, Takata executives ordered the technicians to destroy the test data, the paper said.
 
 
Takata had no immediate comment on the report, which sent the company's shares down as much as 4.7 percent.
 
 
Takata has been beset by chronic problems with defective inflators in its air bags, which can explode with excessive force and spray metal shards. The air bags, used by many leading car makers, are the focus of a U.S. regulatory probe and have prompted the recall of some 17 million cars worldwide in the past six years, and more could follow.
 
 
The unnamed ex-employees told the New York Times that the test result in 2004 was so startling that engineers began designing possible fixes to prepare for a recall. The tests, supervised by Takata's then-vice president for engineering Al Bernat, were done in the summer of 2004 at Takata's U.S. headquarters in Michigan, they said.
 
 
After three months, an order came to halt the testing and destroy the data, including video and computer backups, the former employees told the paper.
 
 
The tests were conducted four years before Takata said in regulatory filings that it first tested the problematic air bags, according to the paper.
 
 
Takata, which has 22 percent of the global market for air bag inflators, on Thursday warned of a bigger full-year loss, and again apologized for the repeated recalls.
 

U.S. space industry girds for more oversight after accidentsU.S. space industry girds for more oversight after accidents
Caption Virgin Galactic resumes work after crash
Work has resumed at Virgin Galactic's assembly hanager in California's Mojave Desert. Employees have returned to the task of building the company's second space plane.
Work has resumed at Virgin Galactic's assembly hanager in California's Mojave Desert. Employees have returned to the task of building the company's second space plane.
Caption Virgin Galactic resumes work after crash
Work has resumed at Virgin Galactic's assembly hanager in California's Mojave Desert. Employees have returned to the task of building the company's second space plane.
Work has resumed at Virgin Galactic's assembly hanager in California's Mojave Desert. Employees have returned to the task of building the company's second space plane.
Caption Will Virgin crash ground space tourism?
It's an industry that's barely off the ground. But the limits of space tourism have been brought sharply into focus with the crash of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo.
It's an industry that's barely off the ground. But the limits of space tourism have been brought sharply into focus with the crash of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo.
Caption NTSB details timeline of spacecraft crash
Federal accident investigators have an early sense of what went wrong before an experimental spaceship broke apart during a test flight. But they still don't know why the craft prematurely shifted its shape prior to the deadly crash.
Federal accident investigators have an early sense of what went wrong before an experimental spaceship broke apart during a test flight. But they still don't know why the craft prematurely shifted its shape prior to the deadly crash.
Caption Virgin Galactic's surviving test pilot is in recovery
Peter Siebold is reportedly alert and talking.
Peter Siebold is reportedly alert and talking.
Caption Virgin Spaceship 2's descent system deployed early
A space tourism rocket broke apart in flight over California's Mojave Desert after a device to slow the experimental spaceship's descent deployed too soon, federal investigators said.
A space tourism rocket broke apart in flight over California's Mojave Desert after a device to slow the experimental spaceship's descent deployed too soon, federal investigators said.
By Tribune wire report
Space Exploration Space SpaceX Northrop Grumman Corporation Lockheed Martin Corp. Richard Branson
Space industry girds for more oversight after accidents
Executives in the fledgling commercial U.S. space industry are bracing for increased scrutiny and oversight after two accidents last week, including one that killed a pilot, but say they view the mishaps as temporary setbacks that will not halt launches.

Walgreens sells $8 billion of bonds for Alliance Boots purchase8
The biggest piece of the seven-part, dollar-denominated offering was $2 billion of 10-year, 3.8 percent notes, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Walgreen Co. previously controlled about 45 percent of Alliance Boots, the Swiss company that runs pharmacy and beauty stores in Europe.

For-profit colleges sue U.S. Education Department amid crackdownThe Obama administration is stepping up regulation of for-profit career colleges, announcing rules that could cut off federal funding to institutions that leave students with massive debts they can't repay. ( Chris Kirkham )
The U.S. Department of Education at the end of October unveiled new regulations aimed at ensuring that students attending for-profit colleges are not saddled with excessive debt and poor employment prospects.
"This regulation, and the impact it will have on student access and opportunity, is so unacceptable and in violation of federal law, that we were left with no choice but to file suit," president and CEO of APSCU Steve Gunderson said in a statement.
Under the new rule, programs would risk losing federal funding if the estimated annual loan payment of their typical graduate exceeds 20 percent of his or her discretionary income or 8 percent of his or her total earnings.
cComments
Let's get real how many people do we need with degrees in female studies. Or 16th-century poetry just to name a few. And not all people can make it in a four-year program. Start the trade programs back in high school like they used to be. If we don't do something soon your plumber...
LawsOfHonor61

Lightbank partner steps down to work on  stealth ventureLightbank partner steps down to work on 'stealth venture'
Paul Lee
Paul Lee, venture partner and former general partner of Lightbank
Paul Lee, venture partner and former general partner of Lightbank (Lightbank)
Sprout
'I became wistful, thinking about my days as a founder,' says Lightbank's Paul Lee.
Lightbank’s Paul Lee announced Thursday afternoon he is stepping down from his role as general partner to work on his own “stealth venture.”
He will stay connected to Lightbank as a venture partner, occasionally helping evaluate investment opportunities for the venture firm led by Groupon founder Brad Keywell. The firm has backed Chicago startups including Belly, SpotHero and Dough. 

Euro near two-year low after ECB signals readiness to ease furtherDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

The Top 7 Books Every CEO Must Readreddit
I am often asked what books I recommend for CEOs, and executives who aspire to become CEOs. There are so many to choose from. Over 250,000 business books are in print. Laid on top of each other, that's nearly four miles high. Obviously, narrowing it down to a select few is no easy task.  However, regardless of the number, I do have a library of required reading for CEOs. Here are my top seven must read books for CEOs.
1. What Got You Here, Won't Get You There -- by Marshall Goldsmith
Goldsmith discusses the small "transactional flaws" performed by one person against another, which lead to negative perceptions that can hold an executive back.
2. The Five Dysfunctions of a Team-- by Patrick Lencioni
This book reveals the five dysfunctions which go to the very heart of why teams often struggle. Lencioni outlines a powerful model and actionable steps that can be used to overcome these common hurdles and build a cohesive, effective team.
3. Death by Meeting -- by Patrick Lencioni
This book is centered around a cure for the most painful, yet underestimated problem of modern business: bad meetings.  Lencioni suggests simple and revolutionary ways to cure this common problem.
4. Winning -- by Jack Welch
Welch spent forty years at General Electric, leading the company to year-after-year success around the globe, in multiple markets, and against brutal competition. This book is his frank and honest story of how his "be-the-best" style of management became the gold standard in business, with his relentless focus on people, teamwork, and profits.
5. Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us -- by Daniel Pink
Pink examines the three elements of true motivation: autonomy, mastery, and purpose. He offers surprising techniques for putting these into action in a unique book that will change how you think and transform how you view your employees.
6. Start With Why -- by Simon Sinek
In studying the leaders who've had the greatest influence in the world, Sinek discovered that they all think, act, and communicate in the exact same way (and it's the complete opposite of what everyone else does). Drawing on a wide range of real-life stories, Sinek weaves together a clear vision of what it truly takes to lead and inspire.
7. How to Win Friends and Influence People -- by Dale Carnegie
This is hands-down, the best motivational book in history. Since it was written in 1936, it has sold over 15 million copies. This book is timeless and appeals equally to business audiences, self-help audiences, and general readers alike. Carnegie believed that most successes come from an ability to communicate effectively rather than from brilliant insights. His book teaches these skills by showing readers how to value others and make them feel appreciated rather than manipulated. I recommend you buy copies of this book for everyone that reports to you. Even better, buy a copy for anyone that deals with your customers or prospects.
If you have these seven books in your library, and of course, read and follow their insights and lessons, you will be well armed and better prepared to be a great CEO. Being a CEO isn't easy, but having the knowledge and skills that these books provide, can enhance your capabilities immensely.
Follow Mike Harden on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mpharden
More:

World s Most Innovative Companiesreddit
Reuters/Kim Hong-Ji
For politicians, CEOs, tech gurus, and many others, the term "innovation" is a perennial watchword. Innovation is a determinant of competitive advantage and commercial success, and a driver of economic growth and prosperity. And yet, while observers can offer any number of definitions and connotations, actually identifying and quantifying innovation is a more complicated business.
For the past three years, the IP & Science business of Thomson Reuters, drawing on its unique store of patent data, has presented the "Top 100 Global Innovators" -- companies which, to a measurable extent, have distinguished themselves by turning creativity and originality into tangible assets. The fourth annual Top 100 listing, new for 2014, has been announced .
To select the Top 100 Global Innovators, Thomson Reuters consults its suite of tools for monitoring patenting and intellectual-property activity: Derwent World Patents Index , Derwent Patents Citation Index, Quadrilateral Patent Index, and Thomson Innovation .  With these resources, companies are evaluated according to a range of criteria, including the volume of patent applications for new and unique inventions, as opposed to variations on existing patents; success rate at winning patent protection; the extent of securing protection in major world markets; and the influence of their patents as documented by subsequent citation by other companies.
The new 2014 roster offers a few striking changes from years past, reflecting the shifting global balance of innovation and commerce. Asia declares a new primacy on the list, particularly with Japanese firms and, perhaps most notable of all, the first China-based company to make the annual ranking. Concurrently, some traditional powers, including the United States and France, have ceded representation among the Top 100.
Along with listing the companies, the Thomson Reuters report presents breakdowns by nation and region, as well as the industries represented. In the latter section, semiconductor and electronic components is the most prolific sector, followed by the the related field of computer hardware. Among other shifts since last year's list, institutions devoted to scientific research increased their presence, while automotive firms were fewer.
Collectively, the Top 100 constitute an economically formidable group: Their revenue growth outperformed that of the S&P 500 by nearly 100 percent, suggesting the benefits of R&D spending that outstripped not only the S&P 500 but also the NASDAQ.
In all, the Top 100 Global Innovators demonstrate the benefits of encouraging and actively supporting innovation, and of investing in the protection of intellectual property. Their distinction in the Thomson Reuters report, and in the marketplace, has been well earned.
To see the entire list of the Top 100 Global Innovators and to read more commentary on the companies, on pertinent matters of national economic policy, and on the Thomson Reuters selection process, please click here .
Follow Christopher King on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TR_ScienceWatch
More:

Subscribing to Successreddit
I was one of those early adopters (my wife would use the less technical term 'idiot') who paid £150 (that's about US$240) for a Nike Fuel Band -- one of the first of the wearable devices. It tracked steps and distance traveled, compared my efforts with the rest of the Nike Fuel Band user community, told me the time and looked, well, cool.  I loved it, for about a year until it broke -- just out of warranty, of course.
Since that time, prices have come down, and features have gone up on wristband wearables. Some measure your sleep patterns. Others calculate heart rate. One of the newest -- the Microsoft Band -- boasts a 'galvanic skin response sensor', 'haptic feedback' and a UV monitor, along with a bunch of other features, including voice control.
Photo by Pivotal Living (http://www.pivotalliving.com/)
But now a company out of Seattle has decided to completely smash the prevailing business model by offering a simple fitness tracker on a subscription service. Pivotal Living is launching the Life Tracker 1. Paired to companion smartphone apps, the Life Tracker 1 will help you count steps, track weight or how well you sleep. Not for $199. Not for $99. But for US$12 a year. Yes, that's a buck a month, or about 3.3 cents per day.
Not only that, but if you break it -- as I did with my Nike Fuel Band -- they'll ship you a new one.
Time will well whether the Life Tracker 1 is paradigm-shifting, but it's an absolutely fascinating (and I think irresistible) value proposition. (The trade-off I guess is that while you get a cheap wearable, they get your valuable data.) And it's perhaps one to add to the list of Davids who have tackled Goliaths with subscription services over the last few years.
The most-oft quoted is Dollar Shave Club , which sells inexpensive, quality razors direct to home. According to the Wall Street Journal , Dollar Shave Club claims a market share of 5.4 percent of all razor blades sold in the U.S. This has caused giant Gillette to introduce its own subscription service, without the charm of Dollar Shave Club (the founder's US$4,000 video is a YouTube classic ), but with the considerable gravitas of shaving's most famous brand behind it.
There are many other examples of new subscription models upsetting the status quo. Spotify, with its membership-based streaming music service, flipped iTunes on its head and caused Apple to launch a radio service. Netflix forced many of the remaining video libraries in the U.S. out of existence and disrupted the cable TV incumbents.
A fascinating new challenger subscription program is Rent The Runway's Unlimited service (currently in beta). For US$75 a month, subscribers "borrow" three "statement pieces" from a choice of over 100 designers. Keep them for as long as you want, then swap any or all for new items, with free shipping both ways.  Why buy and clutter your closet, when you can have access to an endless aisle of accessories?
There are numerous other clever subscription services out there. Blue Apron appeals to the time-pressed aspiring home chef with home-delivered complete meals, pre-prepped and ready to cook in 35 minutes. Meals cost from US$9.95 per person and even come with glossy recipe cards. BarkBox delivers monthly goodies for your furry friend. All You Can Arcade ships classic video parlor arcade games (think 'Space Invaders') to home for US$75 a month.
OK, so maybe not all of them are going to generate the buzz or bucks of a Dollar Shave Club or Spotify. But nonetheless, they are interesting in that they challenge the way things have always been done.  As a shopper, you don't make a single purchase - you buy into a relationship, which can be good for both buyer and seller.
So, as of early December, I will say farewell forever to the busted Nike Fuel Band languishing at the bottom of a drawer, and say hello to a monthly fitness tracker subscription service. I'm betting that monthly micro-payments for services like the Life Tracker 1 will be a big part of the future of retail.
Jon Bird is not affiliated with any of the products or services mentioned in this post. But he does love gadgets, and new ways of doing business.
Follow Jon Bird on Twitter: www.twitter.com/thetweetailer
More:

Tim Cook: A Leadership Lesson in Legacyreddit
In broadly opening up about his sexual orientation last week, Apple CEO Tim Cook is providing us with a brilliant reminder of the power of authenticity and its role in the creation of a leader's legacy. Undeniably, his actions are inspiring to millions. Not only because of the power and influence that comes with his position as a business leader. Rather, through his commitment to be of greater service to others and by sharing the intimate view of his self-concept and his values and beliefs, he is reminding the world of what it takes to define one's legacy as a truly great leader.
No doubt Cook's actions will have a meaningful effect on the context and culture of our nation and beyond. He is making a great contribution to the current and future dialogue on how we perceive and live true equality in our society. In sharing of himself and going beyond his role and responsibility to shape and guide Apple's culture, he is also significantly impacting current and future generations of leaders. Very likely, when all is said and done, Tim Cook's greatest accomplishment will be his legacy as a leader.
Through his actions of earlier this week, Cook is reminding the world of the responsibility of true leaders to be authentic and openly express their dreams and aspirations. A leader's legacy is defined by the quality of the relationships he or she has with everyone they touch. In a material sense, the reality is that we all come into the world with nothing and we leave with nothing. What we leave behind is a legacy, a life's story that conveys the quality of our character and the influence we derive from it. For leaders like Cook, this expands well beyond his immediate relationships to those close to him. In his powerful role as the CEO of the one of the world's great engines of business and free enterprise, Cook's influence and legacy also goes far beyond the employees of Apple and its culture. For his legacy will directly influence millions, and potentially billions, of people.
As the week unfolded, and as one would expect, Cook's essay and actions resulted in a deeply emotional response from the global LGBT community and became the focus of the worldwide media. And just as his actions are well received by those in alignment with his values and beliefs, there are also those that have and will continue to question his motives. Others will continue to question, and with great curiosity observe, the direct impact of his transparency on the future performance and market capability of the company and brand he leads. There will also be those that will continue to criticize Cook for his values and beliefs, his chosen path, and disagree with his choices. These are all stark reminders of the risk that all true leaders accept in acting in alignment to their values and beliefs, and confronting the struggle for what they believe to be in the greater good.
Cook also reminds the world of the importance of a leader's commitment to bringing themselves truthfully and authentically to all aspects of life. The great lesson and gift Tim Cook is giving to all those watching is the reminder that true leadership results from the aligned pursuit of one's legacy. Eventually, what true leaders learn is that vulnerability and personal intimacy are the ultimate tests of their character. For many leaders, this the last frontier to recognizing what others eventually expect of them -- the ability to tell the world their truth. Unfortunately, for many in leadership roles it comes too late. Tim Cook reminds us all that every step, every action, every word a leader speaks will have influence. He is reminding us that a leader's legacy is built on the simple and powerful influence of the truth.
Among the expectations we have of great leaders, the greatest is that they are committed to the truth. It is this powerful form of trust that provides the foundation of mutual respect that resides at the core of all human relationships. Ultimately, keeping one's commitment to being truthful conveys the authenticity, vulnerability, and humility we crave in great leaders.
In last week's essay for Bloomberg, Cook wrote, "When I arrive in my office each morning, I'm greeted by framed photos of Dr. King and Robert F. Kennedy. I don't pretend that writing this puts me in their league. All it does is allow me to look at those pictures and know that I'm doing my part, however small, to help others. We pave the sunlit path toward justice together, brick by brick. This is my brick."
Legacies become permanent portraits of one's greatness as well as one's flaws. Legacies are built brick by brick, one action at a time. As Tim Cook adds his brick to the pursuit of justice, he adds to his legacy as a true leader in a league that is very worthwhile aspiring to.
More:

The New Privacy Frontier: Creating a Better Mobile Experiencereddit
The discussion over data privacy is not new and the natural tension between the objectives of consumers and businesses as it relates to consumer privacy has only gotten more complicated in our rapidly changing world.
Mobility adds another layer of complexity to this puzzle. In this new frontier, context becomes an important touchstone for creating a secure mobile environment, or a term that is emerging called "context-aware privacy." By providing context, there are steps both consumers and businesses can take to help bridge the gap in this new frontier.
First, lets discuss the consumer. Looking at privacy through the lens of the consumer, they are confused, concerned and not feeling as if they are in the driver's seat. Moreover, the underlying security frameworks are constantly under attack. Major security breaches are commonplace and seemingly an everyday occurrence. Ultimately, consumer confidence is low, and the line between what is real and what is hype is muddled and indistinct.
Consumers now must be conscious about what location and other activity information they are sharing purposefully or inadvertently. For instance, what consumers want to share with their bank is vastly different than what they want to share with their favorite online retailer.
In this new frontier, consumers will see immediate benefits by constantly asking themselves questions such as:
•  Who am I interacting with and from what device?
•  What value will I get from 'sharing' information? Is it really necessary?
•  What is my provider doing to protect me and do I trust them, their intent and execution?
On the other side of the equation, businesses are constantly trying to stay ahead of the rapidly changing competitive landscapes and to innovate across not one or two, but on many devices.
In this new frontier, businesses need to provide context for their consumers. In order to do so, businesses must continue to try and understand who their consumers are, what problems they are facing and drive solutions to best meet their current and future needs.
Here are some steps businesses can take in this new frontier:
•  Learn their consumers' hot buttons and what will resonate with them and motivate them to take action.
•  Find out how their consumers prefer to learn about new solutions and work hard to leverage those avenues and forums for their benefit.
•  Find out how their consumers share information and experiences with their personal community and if appropriate, participate in that community with the goal of educating and generating new adopters of applications.
•  Finally, test, test, test fearlessly. Figure out what works, what doesn't and then execute.
In the end, businesses can create great, personalized mobile experiences for their consumers by never forgetting the old adage, "the customer is king."
Providing context-driven privacy will help bridge the natural tension between the objectives and concerns of consumers and businesses. In turn, businesses will find continuous opportunities to interact with and provide value to their consumers in new and creative ways, wherever they are, on their preferred device.
About the Author: Kate Bolseth is chief executive officer of Jingit LLC with deep experience in leading global operations across professional services, customer support, maintenance, logistics, and product strategy and development. Jingit is the first real-time, events-based payments and engagement platform that plays at the intersection of the $1.2-trillion payments and the $400-billion advertising industries and connects the dots between the two before, during and after a transaction. Hear Kate speak on the topic of privacy issues in a mobile environment at MobCon on Nov. 14. Register at www.MobCon.com.
More:

Let s Fix It: Save the Workaholicreddit
If I could fix one thing about modern business, it would be to save workaholics from themselves. I agree with Maynard Webb, former COO of eBay, in his October 13, 2014 edition of #FixIt, where he cautioned against being too loyal to your company -- because your hard work isn't going to buy you undying loyalty from your company. Companies don't last forever, so you can't expect a job for life anymore. Even the most dedicated workaholic may get a layoff notice when the company decides to downsize.
Oh sure, a few companies resisted this practice, even sneering at it as an out-of-control American practice, but most have since joined the cause. For example, the Swedish telephony company Ericsson prided itself on never, ever laying people off just to save money; however, when the dot-com bubble burst in the early 2000s, the policy went out the window in a flash. Even people who thought they had jobs for life, whose jobs were their lives, found themselves out the door.
Getting a pink slip can be devastating for anyone. To the workaholic, it can feel like being at ground zero of a nuclear strike. No matter how hard you work, no matter how many hours you clock, no matter how productive you are, you have no guarantee that leadership won't put your job on the chopping block.
What your leadership wants is someone who's consistently productive, not someone who burns brightly for a little while before burning out. They are impressed by reliability -- by people who do what they say they will do. They're not impressed by employees who are so tired they keep making mistakes, who are constantly distracted by personal problems, or who can only give 28 percent.
For over 20 years, my professional mission as a speaker and author has been to help people produce greater results in less time. The question that keeps me up at night is, "How do people create maximum value in minimum time and get out the door by 5:00?"
I'd love to see exempt workers clock no more than 50 hours per week (the boundaries have blurred so much that people are "always on"). If you're a non-exempt employee, how do you create greater results in your 40 hours? In my experience, people who regularly work 60 hours a week tend to be no more productive than people who work 40 hours, because they have to fix too many mistakes due to fatigue, fuzzy-headedness, and lack of focus. And I've seen people who work 25 hours a week produce greater value than people who work 40. Worse, according to a British study, people who work more than 11 hours a day also increase their risk of coronary events (heart attacks and strokes) by two-thirds. That's scary. And then there are all those caught in a spiral of depression due to overwork. In Japan they call these negative effects karoshi, death by overwork. We have it in the U.S., too, but we have other words for it -- exhaustion, massive coronary, and burnout.
To paraphrase comedian Jeff Foxworthy, if you can't stop thinking about work when you should, then you might be a workaholic. If you spend more than 12 hours a day at work six or seven days a week, then you might be a workaholic. When you're incapable of setting boundaries between work and free time -- even when your family and friends fuss at you -- then you might be a workaholic.
Only emergency personnel should be on call 24 hours a day.
Another hint (I'm thinking of a speaker colleague of mine) is finding yourself alone, because you've driven away your family, spouse, and friends, who just couldn't compete with your love affair with work. And for what? More toys? A Hawaiian vacation alone? A pink-slip at age 45 when the company hits a rough spot, or just wants to start over with lower-paid newbies?
Maynard Webb admonishes you to become the CEO of your own destiny. You might not be ready to strike out on your own, but you can at least slow down. How NOW?
1. Write a personal mission statement about how you will evaluate success at the end of your life.
2. Hit the brakes hard; don't just ease up on the accelerator.
3. Savagely triage your to-do list, cutting out everything but the most important, highest priority items that only you can do.
4. Delegate as much as you can. Hire an assistant to handle your email and administrative tasks.
5. If you can't seem to cut back yourself, if everything looks equally important to you--a problem workaholics often face--then have someone help you, someone who won't let you fool yourself about what really matters.
6. Commit to getting out of the office ON TIME one day a week, starting this week.
7. Schedule free time for yourself--and treat it like any other appointment.
8. Set a date night with your spouse, and keep it.
9. Take your weekends, so you can go to your child's games.
10. Play catch, go to a movie, and take a hike with your child--in ONE weekend.
11. Take a big, long, elaborate vacation in the next three months.
12. Call your mother, your father, an extended family member, a friend, or a loved one every day (not just your immediate family).
Let's face it: why else are you working? If you burn out young or die in harness, what was the point? So you could accumulate money you didn't have time to spend? Work is a part of life, but life isn't work. It's great to have passion for your work and life, but you can't sacrifice one for the other. If you do, you'll soon understand the reason the words "miser" and "miserable" share a common root.
*Photo provided by Microsoft
© 2014 Laura Stack. Laura Stack, MBA, is America's Premier Expert in Productivity™. For over 20 years, Laura has worked with business leaders to execute more efficiently, boost performance, and accelerate results in the workplace. Her company, The Productivity Pro, Inc., provides productivity workshops around the globe to help attendees achieve Maximum Results in Minimum Time®. Laura is the bestselling author of six books, with over 20 foreign editions, published by Random House, Wiley, and Berrett-Koehler, including her newest work, Execution IS the Strategy (March 2014). Widely regarded as one of the leading experts in the field of performance and workplace issues, Laura has been featured on the CBS Early Show, CNN, the Wall Street Journal, and the New York Times. Connect via her website , Facebook , or Twitter .
Follow Laura Stack on Twitter: www.twitter.com/laurastack
More:

How Sustainable Luxury Can Save The PlanetCo-written by Dr. Gjoko Muratovski
People care about themselves, their children, their animals and then the environment - in that order. Guilt, shame, even doomsday prophecies have little to no effect on how people go about handling their daily consumption. Education helps. However, even when one knows the right thing to do, it is nearly impossible to change one's own behavior, let alone the behavior of someone else.
Re-designing consumerism by using behavioral economics may offer an enjoyable path - and may work. Reducing, reusing, recycling and disposing responsibly have been the mantra for saving the planet for decades. However, another workable option could be increasing spending on our aspirations by channeling our purchasing power to where we might do the least harm - by buying sustainable luxury goods.
Here is a pop quiz question: Which iPhone hurts the environment most when produced? An iPhone 6 (requiring 95 kg CO2) or an iPhone 6 Plus (requiring 110 kg CO2), which is 15 percent more CO2 than the former?
The correct answer is the iPhone 6 Plus with 110 kg CO2. What is important is how much environmental hurt one can cause per dollar ( EcoValue ) and the iPhone 6 Plus sucks up twenty percent more capital per unit CO2. When the iPhone 6 Plus sucks up three hundred dollars more of your purchasing power, it prevents you from doing environmental harm with your cash somewhere else. Just imagine how much a $50,000 Chanel evening gown, a $1,500,000 Ferrari or 100,000,000 Monet painting reduces your ability to hurt the Mother Earth.
While people are positive about the idea of sustainability in principle, these perceptions are often overshadowed by various perceived 'negative' attributes. Many people view sustainability as being costly, unnecessary, or disruptive to their everyday life.
The same can be said about luxury brands, but purchasing them is considered a privilege rather than a nuisance. Then again, sustainable products also share the same 'essential' qualities of luxury goods: They call for extraordinary creativity and design, they need to be made from exceptional materials, with good quality and they are rare and expensive. It seems that the two concepts are not that far apart from each other.
At the beginning, luxury brands were mostly small family businesses operated by high-quality artisans and craftspeople that had highly specialized areas of expertise for which they had obtained a global reputation. Their products have always been sustainable, but have not been promoted as such - that is, until recently.
Increasingly, leading luxury brands are taking steps in this direction and are introducing the idea of 'sustainable luxury' as an integral part of their own brand image. Already there is a Sustainable Luxury Working Group made of leading luxury brands that are committed to advancing good social, environmental, and animal-welfare practices in their business operations, including sustainable sourcing practices.
The benefit in having luxury brands promoting sustainable behavior is that they have the ability to make sustainable behavior a mainstream lifestyle choice. Making sustainable behavior to be seen as an aspirational statement is a much more effective way for introducing social change, than simply using guilt to make people feel bad about the environment - which is what traditional social marketing does.
The key challenge of social marketing is that this type of marketing often ignores the underlying philosophy that each side should have something of value to offer and exchange. On the other hand, sustainable luxury offers people fulfillment of their individual desires by introducing better consumer choices - rather than making them feel guilty about themselves.
This is the exchange philosophy that we can promote in order to achieve sustainable behavior change. Even though sustainable luxury, as a concept, will remain a privilege only for the wealthy, we can certainly expect for the concept of sustainable consumption as a form of affordable luxury to trickle down to less affluent users. After all, many of the things that we all take for granted today were once considered a luxury.
Special thanks to Dr. Gjoko Muratovski for researching and co-writing this article.
Follow Soren Petersen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/soreningomar
More:

The Driving Force Behind the U.S. Oil Boomreddit
The shale revolution's sweet spot is oilfield services, the lower-risk backbone of the American oil and gas boom that pays off regardless of a play's economics.
Behind the stardom of the explorers and producers who have put themselves on the revolutionary shale map and absorb most of the risk--are the service providers who make up a highly lucrative market segment.
The US land-based rig count rose 3% over the last quarter, reaching a two-year high of 1,870 active rigs. A major factor in this growth has been an uptick in horizontal drilling in the Permian Basin, Texas' revived giant, where the rig count was up 21% year-on-year.
And while oil prices slumped in October, drilling activity continues to rise, according to Baker Hughes , the third-largest oil services company. Baker Hughes' rig count is up 3.8% in the fourth quarter of this year, compared to the third quarter.
RBC Capital Markets estimates that 20,061 horizontal wells will be drilled in the United States alone this year, with that number increasing by well over 1,000 in 2015. Overall, analysts are projecting a 5% increase in the US land rig count next year, with horizontal drilling rigs--already up 24% over last year--being the real movers here.
Oil prices are "no longer the only driver of that bus because continued efficiencies from pad drilling, hydraulic fracturing and increased stages per well continue to increase recoveries and lower costs per unit of oil and gas produced", Natural Gas Intel quoted analysts as saying.
All the drilling poises the oil and gas services industry for big gains. For potential investors, it's a good time, too, because the past couple of weeks have seen oil services oversold after West Texas Intermediate and Brent crude prices took a dive coming off their summer highs.
The Q3 conference calls from industry giants Baker Hughes Inc. and Schlumberger Ltd. were very positive--they see no changes in overall spending outlook from their customers.
Baker Hughes' third-quarter profit rose 10% on higher revenue across all segments.
And even though oil services giants such as Halliburton are low risk and aren't experiencing any downturn whatsoever as a result of the oil price slump, their stocks have been crushed.
Small cap services stocks have fared even worse.  But business continues to boom for these operators as well.
Dave Werklund is Chairman of Calgary-based Aveda Transportation and Energy Services --whose stock has gone from $5.85-$4 in the last two months, despite no downturn in business.
At over $100 million revenue, Aveda is the largest pure-play drill rig mover in the United States.  Today its footprint covers over 80% of the rig-moving market, from Alberta all the way down to Texas.
"With over 2,000 active rigs operating across North America today, and an average rig being moved approximately 17 times per year, the rig-moving industry is set for phenomenal gains," Dave Werklund, Executive Chairman of Calgary-based Aveda Transportation and Energy Services told Oilprice.com.
This little known segment is actually a $2-billion niche in the services sector.
Once horizontal wells are drilled from a pad, the fully constructed rig has to be dismantled, moved to the next location using hydraulic walking or skidding systems, and then put back together.
Producers are demanding this work be done faster and safer than ever before.  It's a service that continues to be in high demand.
The advent of pad drilling, which allows the drilling of multiple wells from a single pad, is also transforming the services industry from equipment design and leasing to the task of moving the larger loads from pad to pad.
"With the conversion to pad drilling in the US, the size and weight of the rigs have increased exponentially," says Werklund.  That was a lucky break for Aveda, as they already had much bigger trucks in their fleet because of the bigger rigs their original Canadian customers used.  As soon as they came down to the US, producers began using their services.
The general consensus is that American producers will not stop drilling even with an oil price of $80 per barrel.  Instead, they're digging in.
The lesson for investors? While energy service stocks have seen a crushing six weeks--in tandem with oil prices--activity levels have not slowed.
By. James Stafford of Oilprice.com
Follow Oilprice.com on Twitter @OilandEnergy and join us on Facebook.
More:

Video Games: New Art and Education for the 21st Centuryreddit
This week airing on most of our PBS stations is an episode featuring Pete Parsons, the Chief Operating Officer for the video game maker Bungie. Our conversation is about their latest game, Destiny, published by Activision, which already has 9.5 million unique online players daily.
Our discussion focuses on the philosophical and sociological underpinnings of the game and how it resembles many of the same issues we face in life.
Plus, if we peer deeper into the world of video games we see how this field is becoming the newest art form of our time. Moreover, if we dial the microscope up a notch we can also see how it can aid in one of the most important issues our society faces - the improvement of our educational system. In addition to this, we just might shatter the misconceived myths about the culture of gaming.
First, I must confess that I am not a "Gamer." However, my sons, daughter-in-law and almost all their friends are into some form of video gaming and have since they first held a controller in their tiny hands.
My youngest son, who is a film maker and works with me on my show and this blog, was the first to suggest I explore the world of video games, especially in regards to their story telling and cinematic art form, which is reaching new levels of sophistication and excellence.
My oldest son, who has an M.A. in Education and is the Coordinator of Curriculum and Technology for a public school system, is also very involved in developing the use of  "Gamification" in education. Gamification is the process of using game mechanics and game thinking in non-gaming contexts to engage users and to solve problems.
Now, just to reassure you, although my sons and their friends are avid gamers, they are also avid readers and enjoy many forms of expression from dance to music to film and almost all genres within each medium. 
In fact, even the Smithsonian is getting into the act. A recent exhibit titled: The Art of Video Games, explored the evolution of video games as an artistic medium especially in the relationship between the technology, art and the narrative form of storytelling.
In Destiny, the game featured on the show this week, our discussion's focus is not only on the art and story, but on the importance of collaboration. In fact, without real time teamwork amongst players it is impossible to reach the highest levels of the game.
So if you think that video games are a major cause of violence or a passive couch potato vice, it is time to reevaluate and realize that this form of entertainment might soon become one of our highest forms of art and education.
I have personally witnessed the advantage that my own children have experienced (both of them are well adjusted, sociable, and good men - despite my obvious bias). 
The more I feature video games on the show - the first time was my conversation with Neil Druckmann and his creation The Last of Us - the more I too see how they are an amazing art form and potential tool for expanding our minds.
Yes, too much of anything, and I MEAN anything, is not a panacea for anything. But, it is time to vanquish the fears of this technological art and embrace the benefits.
Educator, game theorist and designer James Portnow credits video games with creating a sense of agency: that choices really matter in life, and that failure after failure is often the path to real learning, achievement and an overall life experience of success.
And, as my guest this week so eloquently states:
It's that unpredictable human element that creates the most important moments.
-Pete Parsons-
So fear not humans. The machines are not taking over. We are learning how to better use them for our own education, artistic expression and entertainment.
Enjoy the show and the game of life,
Barry
Follow Barry Kibrick on Twitter: www.twitter.com/barrykibrick
More:

Victoria s Secret  Perfect Body  Campaign Changes Slogan After Backlashreddit
A Victoria's Secret ad featuring the tagline "the perfect body" has come under fire -- but maybe the company has been listening to its critics.
Last week, shoppers in the UK were put off by in-store and online advertisements for the VS "body" bra, which featured a series of similarly-built (read: impossibly thin, leggy and large-busted) supermodels.
A Change.org petition requesting that Victoria's Secret apologize and change the campaign had over 27,000 signatures at the time of writing.
"Every day women are bombarded with advertisements aimed at making them feel insecure about their bodies in the hope that they will spend money on products that will supposedly make them happier and more beautiful," the petition reads . "All this does is perpetuate low self-esteem among women who are made to feel that their bodies are inadequate and unattractive because they do not fit into a narrow standard of beauty. It contributes to a culture that encourages serious health problems such as negative body image and eating disorders."
Another response to the campaign came from underwear brand Dear Kate, who released their own "perfect body" ad -- featuring diverse women of all sizes.
"Through this photo, we showcase women who are often neglected by the media and traditional retailers," the blog post introducing the image on the Dear Kate website says. "We show the multitude of shapes perfect bodies can take."
The pushback from customers and critics seems to have worked. As of today, the ad on the Victoria's Secret website features a new slogan -- "a body for every body."
According to Rossalyn Warren at BuzzFeed, the original slogan is still up on posters in U.K. stores, and Victoria's Secret has yet to make a statement about the campaign.
This change is far from perfect -- ideally, the women in Victoria's Secret ads would vary at least somewhat in body shape, height and weight.
It's refreshing to hear that Victoria's Secret is actually listening to unhappy customers and making changes to problematic ad campaigns -- but there's still a ways to go with this particular concept. Changing the delivery doesn't address the problematic rationale for the ad, which is precisely what the ad's critics are aiming at.
Also on HuffPost:

Delhi BJP Chief Satish Upadhyay embarasses Modi with fraud photo opSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
In a huge embarrassment to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s cleanliness campaign, Delhi Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief Satish Upadhyay was spotted clearing garbage that was purposefully dumped for a photo opportunity.
Former AAP leader Shazia Ilmi and a few other leaders also wielded the broom for the cleaning exercise in front of the otherwise-clean India Islamic Centre in the posh Lodhi Estate area yesterday as political rivals took pot shots at BJP over the event.
Photographs showed today that sanitation workers brought garbage on a trolley and littered the pavement allegedly sometime before Upadhyay, Ilmi and others posed for the shutterbugs.
Congress and AAP came down heavily on BJP, saying the incident “exposed” the government’s lack of sincerity towards cleanliness and that it showed the saffron party’s “double standards”.
Facing all-round attack, Upadhyay on his part said he was invited by India Islamic Centre for the event and that he was not aware about garbage being dumped deliberately.
Ilmi, who has been cosying up to BJP after quitting AAP, said she was not aware that garbage was dumped in the area.
An official of India Islamic Centre said sanitation workers had dumped garbage after realising that there was an event at the site as part of the Swachh Bharat initiative.
Delhi Congress chief Arvinder Singh Lovely, reacting sharply, said BJP has been misguiding people on a number of issues and the incident has “exposed” the party.
“We have been talking about the need for cleanliness in Delhi for last eight years. The BJP-ruled MCD has never taken up the issue seriously.
The Prime Minister has started talking about it only now. It is only photo-op session, not more than that.
“The BJP has been exposed. You can go to any area and will find all the drains are full and overflowing. The BJP-ruled MCDs are not doing anything to ensure cleanliness,” he said.
Ridiculing BJP, AAP leader Ashutosh said the incident reflected lack of seriousness of the much-publicised Swachh Bharat initiative. He also accused the BJP-ruled MCDs of making Delhi a dirty city.
“Is it BJP’s cleanliness drive? Narendra Modi’s BJP has turned Delhi into a heap of garbage which they have not been able to clean,” he said.
When asked, a New Delhi Municipal Corporation official said the sanitation workers who littered the pavement do not belong to the agency though the area falls under it.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Narendra Modi Satish Upadhyay
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

Amit Shah cracks whip  Manohar Parrikar does U-turnSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
Breaking his silence over reports about his possible appointment as Defence Minister, Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar today said Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief Amit Shah had asked him to take up an assignment at the Centre, if offered, and that he was willing to shoulder the responsibility.
He also said though he does not feel comfortable about shifting to Delhi, he will take up the responsibility “if nation requires” his services.
“Party President Amit Shah spoke to me in the morning and asked me to accept any assignment that would be given by the Prime Minister,” Parrikar told reporters.
However, he did not disclose whether Prime Minister Narendra Modi had offered him the defence portfolio during their meeting yesterday.
“I want to give proper information as far as joining the cabinet is concerned. It is the prerogative of the Prime Minister. However, I would like to inform that the party has indicated to me that if such assignment comes, you should accept it,” he said.
Parrikar said if any offer had to come, it would have to be before November 9, when union cabinet would be expanded.
“The party would not have asked me (to accept the offer) if they (top BJP leaders) had not interacted with the Prime Minister,” he added.
Parrikar, who led BJP to victory in the 2012 Assembly polls, said he was not comfortable about having to shift to the Centre.
“I am not comfortable, I have too much affection towards the state. But rationality tells me if nation requires your services, I should take it. Whenever Goa wants my services, I will be there,” he said.
“One reservation (about moving to Delhi) is because I have been elected for a five-year term with a popular mandate. My feeling is unless I complete the term it is not right on my part to leave mid-way. If I get an offer from the Prime Minister, then I will let you know what are my reasons for accepting the offer,” he said.
Parrikar said he would be meeting BJP MLAs tomorrow to brief them about the development. He, however, refused to say anything about who would be his successor.
“There are many issues in deciding the successor… his capacity to deliver and to take everyone along. That is party’s internal assessment,” he said.
TAGS: Amit Shah Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Manohar Parrikar
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

Wavelength mismatch: Bharti  Idea squabble over 900 Mhz frequenciesEditorial: Reliance Industries goes to Mexico
Bharti Airtel and Idea Cellular are locked in a dispute over reallocation of the 900 Mhz band in the Delhi circle, the deadline for which is the end of this month. Idea has also opposed extension of the licences of the incumbent operators in this band — Bharti and Voadafone — as it will lead to delays in it getting the 900 Mhz band. These waves are crucial from Idea’s standpoint of offering 3G services — it currently does not have 3G spectrum in the Delhi circle.
The matter, if not resolved expeditiously by the department of telecommunications (DoT), could lead to litigation. Already, the DoT has held a series of meetings with operators, and another meeting is scheduled for Friday.
There is a total of 16 Mhz spectrum in the 900 Mhz band in the Delhi circle, currently held by Bharti and Vodafone equally. Their tenure is expiring at the end of the month.
The spectrum in the band needs to be reallocated as per the results of the February auctions, in which Idea Cellular won 5 Mhz, Bharti retained 6 Mhz and Vodafone the remaining 5 Mhz. Since the DoT has delayed the allocation of 1,800 Mhz spectrum to Bharti and Vodafone, the two are seeking a 3-6 month extension to ensure a seamless transition.
But Idea is not agreeable to the extension — it feels this will lead to delays in it getting the 900 Mhz band, which, is crucial for it. It has offered DoT a solution for seamless transition of radio frequency, which it feels can be done by the end of the month.
Company sources say that while Vodafone has no issues with the solution, Bharti is not happy with it.
The February auctions not only saw Idea as the third claimant for the 900 Mhz spectrum, but also resulted in a change in spot frequencies in which operators hold the spectrum. For instance, Bharti currently holds spectrum in the frequency of 890.1-898.1, which now needs to be shifted to 900.1-906.1. Similarly, Vodafone currently holds 898.1-906.1 frequency, but it needs to move to 895.1-900.1. Idea needs to be allocated in the 890.1-895.1 frequency.
In a letter to DoT secretary Rakesh Garg, Idea, while opposing any extension to Bharti and Vodafone, has suggested that it is ready to take the central block of 896.1-901.1 Mhz instead of the earmarked 890.1-895.1 Mhz so that the existing operators (Bharti and Vodafone) do not have any change of frequency in the 900 Mhz band and, hence, they would not need to re-tune their radio frequency equipment.
This would mean Bharti making a slight shift from its existing spot to 890.1-896.1 and, similarly, Vodafone to 901.1-906.1. This way, as much as 5-6 Mhz out of the total 8 Mhz spectrum of the originally held 900 Mhz, will be the same for incumbent operators. “For additional capacity, the existing GSM operators have already acquired sufficient 1,800 Mhz spectrum which was earmarked in February 2014 and the allocation for that has already been made,” Idea Cellular’s CFO Akshaya Moondra has written.
However, the solution is not acceptable to Bharti. The company’s view is that it won spectrum in the upper portion, which provides more efficiency in 3G and 4G services. As per Idea’s solution, it would continue to remain in the lower portion, where there’s interference from the CDMA band. Idea says Bharti has already been in the spot for 20 years, so the guard band put up by it is intact. But Bharti counters that its entire effort in the auction was to move to the upper portion for greater efficiency in future.
TAGS: Bharti Airtel Idea Cellular
More from companies

Ghosts of slip-ups past: USFDA withdraws approvals for two Ranbaxy genericsEditorial: Reliance Industries goes to Mexico
Ranbaxy Laboratories said on Thursday the US Food and Drug Administration has withdrawn tentative approvals granted to the company for the generic versions of two drugs, Valcyte and Nexium, because the approval had been issued “in error”.
“FDA has said that its original decision granting tentative approvals were in error because of the compliance status of the facilities referenced in the ANDAs (applications) at the time the tentative approvals were granted,” the company said in a release on the exchanges.
Ranbaxy also said it has lost the 180-day US marketing exclusivity for Valcyte. The company did not comment on whether it retained the Nexium exclusivity.
Valcyte is an anti-viral drug while Nexium is an acid-reflux medicine.
“Ranbaxy is disappointed with this development and is actively evaluating all available options to preserve its rights,” the company said in a statement.
The company management, during a conference call held after its quarterly results announcement, had told analysts that it intends to maintain exclusivity on both drugs and will launch on approval.
TAGS: Nexium Ranbaxy Laboratories US Food And Drug Administration Valcyte
More from companies

Infosys to hire 2 100 in US to leverage local insight  enhance tech expertiseEditorial: Reliance Industries goes to Mexico
Infosys, India’s second-largest IT services provider, on Thursday said the company will hire 1,500 consulting, sales and delivery professionals in the US this financial year to boost its business in the geography. The company also plans to hire about 600 graduates from US universities over the next 12 months.
The recruits are expected to help Infosys provide its clients local market insights, technological expertise and timely responsiveness on critical issues. The company will recruit up to 300 management and technology graduates from leading US universities to work in domains like digital, big data, analytics and cloud. Up to 180 graduates will be recruited for the Infosys consulting practice in the US, who will advise clients on business and technology transformation strategies.
Continuing with its global recruitment programme of hiring MBA graduates from leading business schools, Infosys will recruit 100 post-graduates for its sales teams.
Peggy Tayloe, head of human resources in Americas, Infosys, said: “We believe in hiring professionals who will help us build a next-generation services company. Technology is truly reshaping the world around us today. At Infosys, we offer the best opportunities to learn while working on exciting projects, pioneering the latest technologies for some of the world’s best corporations.”
This recruitment drive will leverage Infosys’ relationship with academic institutions across the US. Sandeep Dadlani, executive vice-president, Head of Infosys Americas, said: “We are particularly looking forward to bringing a large group of graduates into Infosys in the US. This is a terrific time for young, smart and talented leaders to be graduating from the best American schools and choosing a career in the technology industry.”
TAGS: Infosys
More from companies

Black money: New trail in tax haven probe leads to cash  property in UK  UAENarendra Modi’s bottom-up idea to replace Plan panel secures support of CMs
The government’s crackdown on black money parked abroad has received a boost with tax authorities unearthing fresh evidence exposing real estate assets and large amounts of cash routed illegally by Indian nationals and companies to foreign countries via tax havens located mostly in the British Virgin Islands and Singapore.
Top government officials told The Indian Express that the new details now available with them for over two dozen such cases point to purchase of property in prime locations, such as London and UAE, as well as investments around the globe — in some cases totalling millions of dollars.
The cash trail has been traced by an investigation launched after The Indian Express, in collaboration with the US-based International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ), reported on April 4, 2013 about the presence of 612 Indians in a list of individuals and companies from over 170 countries operating over 1.2 lakh offshore entities and trusts.
The list included two Members of Parliament — Lok Sabha Congress MP Vivekanand Gaddam and RS member Vijay Mallya — and several industrialists such as Ravikant Ruia, Samir Modi, Chetan Burman, Abhey Kumar Oswal, Rahul Mammen Mappillai, Teja Raju, Saurabh Mittal and Vinod Doshi.
The new evidence points to further secret investments made abroad by some of these prominent businessmen and at least two IAS officers, who had opened offshore companies either in their own names or in the names of their spouses.
As reported by The Indian Express, these people used international financial services providers such as the Portcullis Trustnet (PTN) of Singapore and the Commonwealth Trust Limited (CTL) in the British Virgin Islands to register offshore companies in tax havens.
The new details also expose Indians who had set up offshore companies via PTN but had denied doing so to tax authorities — they have now been sent showcause notices.
Many people linked to these offshore companies have already been confronted by tax authorities with data and balance sheets obtained from the British Virgin Islands and Singapore. One such beneficiary admitted to The Indian Express that while tax authorities have not passed on any original documents, they did hand over important data and transaction details, pasted on Excel sheets, as proof of involvement.
The fresh data authenticating the offshore accounts were obtained from PTN and the Australian taxation office, using the Tax Information Exchange Agreement, while details of further such investments were received from British Virgin Islands and Singapore.
However, as of now, NRIs on the list of those who routed their money through PTN are expected to be kept out of the probe, though I-T notices were sent to them initially.
Officials said that the Special Investigating Team (SIT) on black money set up by the NDA this year has been informed about the list of 612 and that the investigations were at various stages in each case.
The probe is being handled mostly by tax officials in Delhi and Mumbai with international channels are being tapped by the FTTR (Foreign Tax and Tax Research) unit of the Ministry of Finance.
Ministry officials told The Indian Express that balance sheets and asset details received by them confirm that cash and assets were routed by those in the list using PTN through British Virgin Islands and Singapore. They said they now expect authorities in the islands and Singapore to assist them in a bulk of the remaining cases.
TAGS: Black Money Black Money List Tax Haven
More from economy

With the coal blocks comes a land bank of 14 000 hectaresNarendra Modi’s bottom-up idea to replace Plan panel secures support of CMs
The government will begin acquiring nearly 14,000 hectares of land bearing coal from December and auction it to prospective bidders by March 2015. This land holds 18 mines, which are among the biggest in the country in terms of area.
These mines are part of the 214 captive blocks cancelled by the Supreme Court in September, holding their allocation illegal and arbitrary. Last week, the government issued an ordinance taking over the land of the cancelled blocks.
In all, 52 mines spread over 48,000 hectares have been identified for auction in the first phase, which is likely to take place by March 2015. Before the mines are auctioned, the land would be made free of all encumbrances.
The 18 biggest mines were earlier held by 10 companies. Spread over 13,560 hectares, they have coal reserves totalling over 146 million tonnes
and can generate nearly 12,000 MW of coal-fired electricity each year.
The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014, gives the government overriding powers to acquire land of the de-allocated coal blocks and hand them over to successful bidders. Apart from taking over the land of the cancelled blocks, the government is learnt to have asked various state governments to generously provide land from their land banks free of any encumbrances to the successful bidders to enable them to commence construction of their projects expeditiously.
According to information available with the Coal Ministry, the Tata Goup’s steel and power companies top the chart, holding blocks spread over altogether 3,755 hectares among the 18 mines, followed by Hindalco with 2,914 hectares, Jindal Steel and Power with 1,795 hectares, Adani Power with 1,750 hectares, and Essar Power with 1,356 hectares.
The companies which have lost their blocks were asked by the ministry on Friday to furnish details of their land and the evacuation infrastructure built by them by November 10, so that compensation can be realised against their investment from the successful bidders.
Firms which have lost captive blocks and are willing to sell their end-use plants are also free to do so provided the successful bidders are ready to take these over at a mutually agreed price. The ordinance allows losers of the blocks to rent out mining equipment and machinery to the winning bidders as well.
Moreover, the ordinance does not bar companies which have lost their captive blocks to bid for the impending bidding unless they have been convicted of irregularities in the erstwhile coal block allocation process, and they can now secure land hassle-free once they win the bid after paying an additional levy.
An official said that the government will acquire land of the coal blocks under relevant provisions of the Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act, 2013. Any surplus land aligned with the cancelled blocks is also likely to be acquired to enhance their operational efficacy.
18 biggest mines on the block
Land to be acquired: Nearly 14,000 hectares
With Tata Group: 3,755 hectares
With Hindalco: 2,914 hectares
With Jindal Steel and Power: 1,795 hectares
With Adani Power: 1,750 hectares
With Essar Power: 1,356 hectares
TAGS: Coal Block Allocation Coal Blocks
More from economy

Editorial: Welcome new PSU planNarendra Modi’s bottom-up idea to replace Plan panel secures support of CMs
Given that, till now, most believed the government was committed to a no-privatisation strategy and the view that every PSU could be turned around, finance minister Arun Jaitley’s comments at the World Economic Forum are a pleasant surprise. Without going into specifics, Jaitley has said he was open to the idea of privatising some loss-making PSUs. Since one of the hallmarks of the Modi government is to
attempt big reforms through seemingly routine announcements—FDI in railways and opening up of the coal sector to commercial mining are two recent examples—this could be a big policy reform step. The key, of course, is the kind of PSUs that are divested. Privatising a Scooters India Limited will have an impact, but it will be nowhere as large as inducting a strategic investor in, say, an MTNL. The alternative to privatising MTNL is to let it languish—it has been making losses for several years, from R2,611 crore in FY10 to R5,321 crore in FY13—but that won’t help anyone. Nor is ‘professionalising’ PSUs, a Modi buzzword, going to be enough unless it is coupled with savage restructuring—MTNL’s wage bill is more than its turnover, compared to a 5% number for most private sector competitors like Bharti Airtel and Vodafone. The key to identifying which PSUs fall in this category is Jaitley’s statement that ‘I will be open to look at companies which are on the verge of closure and will do much better in private hands’. In the case of Hindustan Zinc, for instance, profits have risen 101-fold in the 11 years since privatisation, market cap 78 times and investment levels are up from minus R3 crore in FY02 when it was a PSU to R3,200 crore in FY13.
Indeed, one option the government may wish to try in the case of PSUs like Air India—this does fit Jaitley’s description of the type of PSUs which can be put on the block—is to look at a kind of viability gap funding (VGF) as well. If, for instance, the government is willing to spend R30,000 crore on Air India over 10 years, this should be made available to potential buyers to sweeten the bid. Promising to absorb workers after 5 years—this was done in airports like Delhi and Mumbai as part of the privatisation deal—in case the private sector buyer doesn’t want them is another option to sweeten the deal.
While professionalising PSUs is an important step, an equally important one is to inject enough competition in the sector. By and large, with no competition between them, oil marketing PSUs sell petrol—and now diesel—at the same price, nor is there that much to distinguish them by way of extra service. Decontrolling diesel prices, however, will ensure that private players like Reliance and Essar come in, and once that happens, the oil PSUs will per force have to get more competitive. Reliance pumps, when they were operational, had a very good bonus-points and fleet-management system which helped it build good market share till the diesel subsidies put it out of business—it was this competition that forced BPCL to move its own fleet-management system to a higher level; a level at which BPCL today feels it can take on the challenge easily. Similarly, professionalising Coal India is critical, but once private players come in, this will have a far more salutary impact on the PSU monopolist’s functioning.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Commercial Mining FDI Railways World Economic Forum
More from economy

Editorial: Ministerial M&AsNarendra Modi’s bottom-up idea to replace Plan panel secures support of CMs
Prime minister Narendra Modi’s ministerial mergers, in keeping with his motto of minimum-government-maximum-governance, have delivered in many ways and having relatively young ministers imparted a rare dynamism in government functioning. But there was always the feeling that the ministers were very stretched, and possibly the government was facing a paucity of talent. Merging the power ministry with coal was, for instance, a good idea given their synergy and the fact that the shortage of power was mostly correlated with the shortage of coal production. But how was the clubbing of finance with defence to be justified other than by saying Arun Jaitley had the necessary capability of doing justice to more than one ministry? Nor did combining law with telecom make sense, even if Ravi Shankar Prasad is a competent minister.
Indeed, in some obvious cases where there was a synergy, the ministries were not merged under a single minister with various deputies looking after individual departments. Agriculture is a good example since water resources is handled by one minister, food and public distribution by another, and fertilizers by a third and there is then the agriculture minister himself. Given how the fate of India’s agriculture depends on how quickly it is modernised, all departments need to be working in sync in order to take a holistic look at the sector’s needs. To take one example, of food subsidies, while the food ministry may want to keep the subsidy regime going—though after correcting it for obvious leakages—the agriculture ministry’s interests lie in curbing subsidies and replacing them with greater levels of public investments.
To a certain extent, as in previous governments, portfolios need to be expanded to create enough jobs for senior politicians, but while some of the ministerial mergers of prime minister Modi make sense, others don’t. It is in this context that the weekend’s Cabinet expansion needs to be viewed. For one, with the government settled in, and Modi, having got good measure of how various ministers have performed, is in a better position to expand his Cabinet and council of ministers. And while it is still not certain as to whether Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar will be the country’s new defence minister, there is no doubt the ministry is too important to have a part-time chief, no matter how good a job Jaitley may have done in ensuring, for instance, vital defence production contracts got cleared—indeed, when he took over as defence minister,
Jaitley publicly announced that this was just a temporary charge. Even within the finance ministry, more so since the Planning Commission has been done away with, there is a need for another minister of state. Hopefully, Sunday’s Cabinet expansion will take care of this as well as settle the question of a talent shortage within the government.
TAGS: Arun Jaitle Narendra Modi Ravi Shankar Prasad
More from economy

RBI: A cut in time saves nineDespite dip, Indian rupee first among equals
The camp is clearly divided. There are the “bad” industrialists, the ones who always say that the Union Budget deserves 8 +/10, are saying the time has come for RBI to relax its ultra-tight monetary policy, prevailing for most of the last few years, and especially since September 2013, when Raghuram Rajan assumed control. There are also the recent converts to a rate cut—the Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) to the RBI members voted 4-3 to cut rates at its September meeting.
In the other corner are the “good” guys, comprising—apart from Rajan and his deputy, Urjit Patel—the prestigious IMF economists, and the policy economists at the major investment houses (both domestic and international) and rating agencies like CRISIL. Their view is that the clamour for a rate cut now is bordering on nonsense. This is what one representative of this distinguished club (CRISIL) stated on November 2.
Click here for graph
“The chorus on an interest rate cut to revive the economy has got louder with the recent climb-down in inflation. To be sure, the monetary policy tool of cutting the interest rate is conventionally used to energise a flagging economy. ..But this does not hold true under all circumstances. Our study shows that factors behind the recent slowdown in economic growth and investment in India have little to do with high interest rates … leaning on monetary policy to revive investments will yield little benefit. And, it carries the risk of reversing the recent gains in inflation, which, in any case, is nothing much to write home about” (emphasis added).
In a November 4 editorial, the newspaper Mint confidently stated that declining CPI inflation was due to a tight monetary policy, and equally confidently, forecast the future path of inflation: “[The RBI should] stay on course for at least a couple of more quarters, rather than act in a hurry … tightening of policy since Rajan took charge is one important reason why inflation has begun to decline in India … It is not yet clear whether the recent sharp decline in inflation is sustainable or a temporary base effect.. Yet, this base effect is expected to wear off in the first 3 months of 2015.. It is only after April 2014 that we can get a clear picture about inflation.”
So, who is right and, therefore, what should RBI do? It should go by the evidence—and the evidence is that from the demand (output) side, the economy is hurting, and hurting bad. In normal circumstances, this large negative gap alone would justify a series of large rate cuts.
But India, at least until recently, was not a normal economy, especially with low growth and high inflation. This strange combination should have given a clue to experts that it wasn’t monetary policy that was causing the high inflation; rather a cost-push supply-side inflation over which the monetary authorities had precious little control.
The question is whether India is fast approaching normality with respect to inflation. Consider the following facts. CPI inflation of 6.5 % (new 2010 series) was the lowest rate ever in September 2014, i.e., the lowest for the last 45 months. A weighted average of the two old series—rural CPI(AL) and urban CPI(IW)—yields a national CPI series which was the lowest since the 6.0% inflation observed in February 2008, i.e., the lowest in 78 months. WPI inflation, of 2.7%, is the lowest since the 4.7% level of September 2009, the lowest in 60 months. The government-administered minimum support price (MSP) inflation, at 2.7 % in 2014, is the fifth-lowest in 39 years, and the lowest since the 2.4% level observed in 2005—the lowest in 108 months.
But this is not even considered admissible evidence for a rate cut by our base-effect vigilantes. Something that has baffled me in reading the various expert reports for the last several years is the constant allusion to “base-effects”—and intrigued me because of the dangerous, and disingenuous, interpretation of the base-effect reality. If an inflation estimate comes in below the “expert” view, the refrain is: “This is due to the base-effect” and soon inflation will rise again. If inflation comes in high as per the expert prediction, the base-effect is not invoked, and instead we get: “We told you so”.
What is this base-effect and how does one measure it? Assume for a moment that September 2013 yoy inflation was higher than normal. Then, one should expect, ceteris paribus, that September 2014 inflation will be lower than normal. But this begs the question—what is “normal” inflation in any given month? One reasonable approximation for normal inflation for any month is a three-year average. For example, average September CPI inflation for the previous three years (2010, 2011 and 2012) was 9.7%, and this is the expected normal inflation estimate for September 2013. Actual September 2013 inflation: 9.4%, which is 0.3% below normal. Hence, the base-effect for September 2014 is plus 0.3%, i.e., expected inflation in September 2014 is the previous three-year average of 9.7% plus 0.3%, or 10%.
This forecasting game (no economics, no modelling, no nothing) yielded brilliant results during the steady near 10% inflation between January 2011 and June 2013; an average forecast error of only 0.1%(!) with the worst and best forecasts of minus 1.4% and 1.1%, respectively. However, the simplistic base-effect model has completely broken down since June 2013 with average forecast errors of minus 1.0% (July to Dec. 2013) and minus 3.1% January-September 2014!
This explains both the confidence of the base-effect calculators (and this includes RBI and the IMF) till some 15 months ago, and their complete lack of credibility today. Which means that RBI has now lost both its legs for supporting a tight monetary policy—base-effect, and anchoring of inflationary expectations. Regarding the latter, the junk RBI expectations survey (when will they stop?) in March 2014 reported a three month expectation of 12.9 % inflation. Actual September 2014 inflation was almost half, at 6.5% (and was 7.4 % for the June-September quarter). And expectation of three month inflation in September 2014 is an even more junk estimate of 14.6%! Let me restate the finding: actual inflation in September 2014 is 6.5%, RBI’s anchoring inflation expectations survey claims more than a doubling of inflation in the next three months! Somebody is smoking something—please pass the weed.
It is time the base-effect and other inflation hawks admitted to a few realities and moved on. One of the most important lessons the financial markets teach you is humility—and the fact that very smart people, and very dumb people, and everyone in between, make mistakes every day. So what is the harm in RBI, and the IMF, and investment bank experts, and three members of the TAC admitting they were wrong and asking, nay pleading, for an aggressive interest rate cut policy?
If they don’t do so, my guess is that history will judge them harshly. Expertise and/or wisdom is not revealed by betting on a horse after it has won the race.
The author is chairman, Oxus Investments and a senior advisor to Zyfin, a leading financial information company. Twitter: @surjitbhalla
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan RBI RBI Monetary Policy Union Budget
More from bankingampfinance

Starstruck: Half of universe s stars are orphans with no galaxyIndia's communication satellite GSAT-16 launched successfully
You can call them celestial orphans, stars flung out of their galaxies in colossal collisions that have occurred in space for billions of years. These forsaken stars may be far more common than anyone ever realized.
New observations from suborbital rocket launches and an orbiting observatory show that as many as half the stars in the universe may be this kind, scientists said on Thursday. They found that the dim light these stars produce from the far reaches of the cosmos equals the amount coming from all the galaxies.
The data was collected during 2010 and 2012 flights of a NASA suborbital rocket with the Cosmic Infrared Background Experiment (CIBER) measuring background fluctuations in a compilation of all the light emitted by stars and galaxies in the universe’s history.
The researchers then checked the findings using NASA’s Spitzer Space Telescope, an orbiting infrared observatory. The data indicated huge numbers of orphan stars, previously undetected, populate what had been thought to be the dark spaces between galaxies.
So how did billions of stars become orphans? Violently, to say the least.
Galaxies like our Milky Way are made up of stars, dust and dark matter bound together by gravity. As galaxies drift through space, they periodically crash into each other.
Stars and the other galactic stuff can merge together in these mash-ups, but some stars that were born and resided in these galaxies are stripped away and cast as debris into the cosmic wilderness.
The phenomenon of the orphan star has been well known. Astronomers have witnessed tidal streams of stars being stripped away from colliding pairs of galaxies.
“There are many beautiful pictures of this happening. Of course, since we are viewing this from such a great distance we don’t see the stars individually, we see a glowing haze made by billions of stars,” said experimental cosmologist Jamie Bock of NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory and the California Institute of Technology.
The data suggests orphan stars are probably relatively small, less massive and cooler than our Sun, but typical of most stars in the universe, said Caltech experimental astrophysicist Michael Zemcov.
The night sky as seen from Earth is brimming with starlight. But these orphans would be so distant from other stars that a view from one would offer almost complete nothingness.
“The night sky on a planet around such a star would be profoundly boring and black to human eyes – no other stars, or at least very few, no Milky Way band, only distant galaxies. You might be lucky and see your parent galaxy off in the distance like we see Andromeda,” Zemcov said.
Zemcov said scientists have traced the origin of galaxies to about 13.2 billion years ago, 500 million years after the Big Bang that created the universe.
“Galaxies have been forming and interacting continuously since then, with a peak in the star formation rate about 2 billion years after the Big Bang,” Zemcov said. “You have enough interactions over enough time, and you end up stripping out a lot of stars.”
The research appears in the journal Science.
 
TAGS: Galaxy Milky Way Nasa Stars
More from lifestyle
Common drugs affecting plant growth: Study The commonly prescribed drugs such as diclofenac and ibuprofen that we release into the environment are likely to have a significant...

Silicon Valley set to take on the spooksNovember 6, 2014 1:45 pm
Silicon Valley ready to fight back against intelligence agencies
Richard Waters
Technology companies have the public on their side for now but they are in a precarious position
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/693a547e-659d-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Guo Guangchang  billionaire behind Chinas Fosun© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/262628dc-64dc-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Midterm exuberance is not just for RepublicansMidterm rational exuberance is not just for US Republicans
Gillian Tett
If a few tangible policy changes emerge from Capitol Hill, it is possible animal spirits will return
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f6c53480-5e9f-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimcos stay-with-us discountsRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Emerging market central banksSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Short View: US market reboundNovember 5, 2014 5:58 pm
Question is how far a distance can the dollar travel?
Dan McCrum
It is too much to expect a repeat of the big rallies of the 1980s and 1990s
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/15cec396-64ea-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How the Branson empire worksThe Arab spring idealist who died for Isis
The crash of the Virgin Galactic spacecraft on Friday and the death of one of its pilots strike at the heart of the contradictions of the Virgin empire, contradictions which show that it is less robust than it might appear.
“Richard is interested in what is happening in the investment portfolio, but doesn’t run any of the businesses in it,” says Josh Bayliss, chief executive of Virgin Group Holdings, which manages Sir Richard’s investment portfolio and the Virgin brand. “His attention on a day-to-day basis is not on the operational aspects of the businesses.”
Of the about 80 businesses which bear the Virgin name, spanning sectors from travel, transport, leisure, entertainment, telecoms and media, less than half have direct stakes held by Virgin Group. Virgin companies made £15bn in revenues in the past financial year, but these bear little relation to the value or performance of the holding company. VGH owns 27 per cent of the 12 largest Virgin companies by revenues.
And those group companies  are not even  the most significant holdings in its investment portfolio.  Virgin Money, which is only the 12th largest Virgin company by revenue, accounts for 15 per cent of the portfolio, with Virgin America at 10 per cent, followed by Virgin Active, Virgin Atlantic and Virgin Mobile France.
VGH makes a significant amount of its money not from cash flows from its investments – particularly since a number of large Virgin businesses do not turn a profit – but from the fees it charges companies for lending them the Virgin name. The Branson family’s wealth, therefore, is dependent on the value of the Virgin brand which is intimately linked to Sir Richard himself.
“Every day that Richard gets older the issue of the Virgin brand becomes a bigger one because so much of it is tied to him,” says Jez Frampton, chief executive of Interbrand, the brand consultancy.
Since 2005, Sir Richard, 64, has stepped back from day-to-day running of Virgin Group Holdings, to focus on his charitable activities and space tourism.
More video
With Virgin Galactic, he hoped not just to send people into space, but also harness his personal brand and that of the Virgin name to boost franchising opportunities, especially in the US.
For Galactic’s business model, Virgin followed a well-worn route. The group’s favoured start-up model relies on private investment for financing, with generally a co-investor sharing equity, and therefore the financial risk, often with a large amount of debt to the parent company loaded on to the balance sheet, a model it has followed at most of its businesses since the group’s brief but painful experience as a London-listed company in the 1980s.
So far, Virgin says, Galactic has sucked in up to $600m of investment, $380m of which was provided by Aabar, Abu Dhabi’s state investment agency. The Aabar money has now been spent , but Virgin says its partner is not expecting a swift return on its money nor pressing for an exit.
The structure of the Virgin Group allows cross-subsidisation of its different businesses. Now that Virgin Galactic has burnt through the Aabar investment it is being financed from cash held by VGH itself. Virgin will not confirm that this has diluted Aabar’s equity, suggesting that the bulk of the additional financing is in the form of debt. Mr Bayliss says Virgin is not seeking an additional equity injection from Aabar, nor a new equity partner for the venture.
Space dream
Sir Richard has vowed to continue testing spaceships and seems to have no plans to abandon Galactic. The commercial launch was scheduled for next year, which seems ever more unlikely, but on Wednesday the company told the Financial Times that only 3 per cent of the about 700 people who had signed up for a ticket by paying a $20,000 deposit or the $250,000 full fare had asked for a refund.
If Sir Richard did decide to abandon Galactic, repaying Aabar’s $380m investment, the $89m in advance ticket sales and the hit to its own balance sheet of $220m-plus, would not be overwhelmingly onerous for the group, given VGH’s portfolio is valued at more than £5bn. Continuing with it, though, is a rather different matter.
Because VGH is run like a private equity company the question is how secure are the cash flows to bankroll Galactic and other Virgin businesses, which are at varying stages of development and profitability. How long can VGH sustain the cash drain?
Sir Richard told the FT last month that the group was “in the strongest position it’s ever been in”, “cash-rich” with no net borrowings. It is also pressing ahead with the initial public offering of Virgin Money, which owns the “good bank” assets from failed UK mortgage lender Northern Rock, and of Virgin America, the US airline in which it has a 22 per cent stake, lodging its prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday.
Virgin America only returned to profit in 2013. Its listing – which the owners hope will value the airline at up to $1bn – will allow the repayment or conversion into equity of at least $650m of related-party debt plus the accrued interest on it – owed to Virgin Group and its co-investor, Cyrus Capital, a distressed debt fund manager.
Virgin says the bulk of the cash proceeds will remain in the business to finance future growth, but it will nevertheless provide VGH with some useful cash in hand.
In the private equity world, such financial arrangements are not unusual before an investment is exited. But as no interest has been paid on the debt on Virgin America’s balance sheet since its start-up in 2007, it is difficult to assess the profitability of the business.
VGH does not disclose the amount of cash in its portfolio, although it says there are “several hundreds of millions of dollars” available. The group’s value relies on the capital appreciation of its investments. But its income is made up of a share of dividends and cash flows from those investments, including service on the debt it lends down the network of holdings, the proceeds of refinancings, sales or listings and the revenue stream from licensing the Virgin name.
There is nothing illegal about Virgin Group Holdings using cash or its stakes in other Virgin companies to support other branded businesses. But it makes it difficult to assess their genuine sustainability, and may skew management decisions – to the detriment of minority shareholders – if cash is needed in another part of the portfolio.
Damaged goods
An even bigger question hanging over VGH and the other companies bearing the Virgin name is what damage last week’s fatal crash will do to the value of the businesses.
Interactive timeline
Virgin: 44 years of brand-building
Richard Branson’s golden touch has helped him grow a mail-order record service into a global conglomerate of 80 Virgin-branded companies. He has juggled spaceships, mortgages and video games, and now ranks seventh on the Forbes UK billionaires list. Forty-four years after Mr Branson opened the first business, Virgin Group’s net worth is now estimated at £5-5.5bn.
Virgin America has been explicit on the subject: “The ‘Virgin’ brand is not under our control, and negative publicity related to the Virgin brand name could materially adversely affect our business,” it warns in its IPO prospectus.
Sir Richard had hoped Galactic would have a “halo effect” on the rest of the company. The risk is that it will have the opposite impact and threaten the value of the brand upon which the whole edifice depends.
Mr Bayliss says that royalties – income from allowing companies to use the Virgin brand name – have increased substantially in recent years and their weight in the overall VGH investment portfolio has risen accordingly. Revenues from the brand, which are mainly licensed by Virgin Enterprises, now amount to about £120m a year. The brand is valued on a discounted cash flow basis at roughly £1bn, and it thus accounts for a significant proportion of VGH’s overall value of £5-5.5bn.
Virgin has focused most of its expansion plans in North America in recent years and had hoped to use the Galactic operation as a way to grow the appeal of the brand in a country where  Sir Richard has struggled to raise his profile.
“[Sir Richard] is quite well known in New York because of Virgin Atlantic but once you get beyond there, he’s not,” says Mr Frampton of Interbrand.
Mr Bayliss argues that the Virgin brand stands on its own two feet. “If you rebranded Virgin Atlantic as, say, Cloud Airways, they would pay less in royalty fees, but strategically and operationally the business would continue to do the same things, although without the benefits of the ‘Virgin’ name,” he says. “In the UK it’s more true than anywhere else that Richard contributes to the [Virgin] brand perception. But it’s a very very mature diverse brand which stands for different things in different markets.”
It is a moot point whether the Galactic crash will combine with previous failed attempts to boost the Virgin brand in North America and reduce the potential growth of VGH’s royalties income.
Although it has had to lower the price it hoped to raise from Virgin Money, VGH says the crash has had no impact on the valuation range suggested for its Virgin America IPO. And is aware of the need to sustain the brand’s value.
“Over the past seven or eight years, since Richard has been less hands-on, it has been a very significant focus for us to build equity in the brand beyond Richard,” says Mr Bayliss.
The Virgin founder has always been a dreamer who likes taking big risks. But with Galactic, the danger is that those risks undermine the structure that underpins the dreams – and finances the risks.
Additional reporting by Cynthia O’Murchu
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Lombard: StanChart caseStanChart case has hatched cuckoos in the nest for New York banks
By Jonathan Guthrie
Lender is gift that keeps on giving for boss of New York Department of Financial Services
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/936e36a0-65e0-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias reforms: a game of chickenSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

US set for strong jobs growthUS set for strong jobs growth
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/69b022fa-65d2-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US market rebound needs closer lookNovember 6, 2014 4:42 pm
US market rebound needs closer look
Michael Mackenzie
Investors are not backing sectors that would signal the economy is gaining altitude
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ca6f1d4e-65be-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks react to MSCI s China index rejigAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Allianz lifts dividend despite Pimco woesAllianz lifts dividend despite Pimco woes
Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db17bce4-6601-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BofA sinks to loss on $400m forex chargeBofA sinks to loss on $400m forex charge
Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/21ef96fc-65f1-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Virgin Galactic and risk© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/762f34d8-6363-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Refiners  sweet gig© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/5456933e-653d-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Petrol prices cut after Osborne criticismSupermarkets cut petrol prices after chancellor’s criticism
Michael Kavanagh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0c0d2024-65c5-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Interstellar  terrible  wonderful  sensationalSchool of Babel — film review
Years are tossed around as gleefully as space and speed, amid special effects often stupendous in surround-sound and Imax. Matt and Anne go for a short reccy on Planet Somewhere and return to find their stay-behind co-astronaut 23 years older. That’s relativity for you. Down on Earth, McConaughey’s daughter, hating daddy for desertion, grows up to become Jessica Chastain. Will they be reunited before their bio-clocks cross?
Time is decreasingly kind to the 168-minute movie itself. The science-babble grows more convoluted – for the ending you need a baccalaureate in black hole theory – as the intervening script stays in the kindergarten. Hathaway’s Dr Brand to McConaughey’s Cooper: “This world was never enough for you, was it, Coop?” Nope, as Coop himself (Gary) might say. Man’s gotta do. Hollywood’s gotta be. And every warp in the cosmos must lead back, finally, to the woof of welcome from happy, tail-wagging genre populism. Tears of triteness; family reintegration; and don’t think for a nano-moment that the storytelling bone thrown to us in Interstellar, however spectacular, is any relation to the bone Kubrick threw – truly outdistancing cinematic gravity – in 2001.
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Christopher Nolans latest space-time drama is convoluted but visually stunningSchool of Babel — film review
Years are tossed around as gleefully as space and speed, amid special effects often stupendous in surround-sound and Imax. Matt and Anne go for a short reccy on Planet Somewhere and return to find their stay-behind co-astronaut 23 years older. That’s relativity for you. Down on Earth, McConaughey’s daughter, hating daddy for desertion, grows up to become Jessica Chastain. Will they be reunited before their bio-clocks cross?
Time is decreasingly kind to the 168-minute movie itself. The science-babble grows more convoluted – for the ending you need a baccalaureate in black hole theory – as the intervening script stays in the kindergarten. Hathaway’s Dr Brand to McConaughey’s Cooper: “This world was never enough for you, was it, Coop?” Nope, as Coop himself (Gary) might say. Man’s gotta do. Hollywood’s gotta be. And every warp in the cosmos must lead back, finally, to the woof of welcome from happy, tail-wagging genre populism. Tears of triteness; family reintegration; and don’t think for a nano-moment that the storytelling bone thrown to us in Interstellar, however spectacular, is any relation to the bone Kubrick threw – truly outdistancing cinematic gravity – in 2001.
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Relations are at a 40 year low but  with the leaders set to meet  can they do anything to ease tensions© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23d132ae-64d5-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Disney fails to dazzle despite hitsDisney fails to dazzle despite hits
Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0a0b66a-6607-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Disney performs despite fewer filmsFebruary 7, 2012 11:48 pm
Disney performs despite fewer films
By Matthew Garrahan in Los Angeles
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a67538ee-51e2-11e1-a30c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vietnam considers legal action against ChinaAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Tensions rise as Putin defends Nazi pact© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/31b36724-65da-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft Band gets a workout© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad12dea2-643d-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How to pitch monarchy 2.0Share via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
How to pitch monarchy 2.0
Nov 6, 2014 : Prince Andrew hosted his second Pitch@Palace, inviting entrepreneurs to pitch to influential investors at St James's Palace. But can the concept of the monarchy sell in the 21st century?  FT's Sally Davies asks the Duke of York and entrepreneurs.
Credits: Produced by Nalini Sivathasan. Filmed by Petros Gioumpasis.

A royal warrant for disruption© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3110657a-659d-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Prince Andrew on helping start-ups succeedShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Prince Andrew on helping start-ups succeed
Nov 6, 2014 : Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, has hosted his second Pitch@Palace event, inviting 40 entrepreneurs to pitch to investors. He explains how the monarchy has helped start-ups.
Credits: Produced by Nalini Sivathasan. Filmed by Petros Gioumpasis.

Hollande admits to making mistakesHollande admits to ‘mistakes’ in midterm mea culpa
Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/35af6008-6602-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Luxembourg vows to end banking secrecyLuxembourg vows to end banking secrecy amid tax allegations
Christian Oliver and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c8de6734-65d0-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Erdogan defends new $600m Ankara palace© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/57abdafe-65d7-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Playtech falls on Malaysia concernsPlaytech falls on Malaysia crackdown concerns
Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1c97e84a-65dc-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Genworth slumps after reserves reviewNovember 6, 2014 5:27 pm
Genworth slumps after reserves review
Mamta Badkar and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f07e112-65d3-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xiaomi lines up $1.5bn in fresh capitalXiaomi to be valued above $40bn in fund raising
Tim Bradshaw and Richard Waters in San Francisco and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2995254e-662c-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

City Insider: Harrods eyes retail bankingNovember 6, 2014 11:54 pm
City Insider: Harrods’ retail banking plans
Edited by Harriet Agnew, City Correspondent
The strategy of the retailer. the new Newton and sex toy retailer Lovehoney eyes IPO
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3dabdb6a-65b7-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bank of America loss after $400m chargeAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

China factory prints 125 millionth BibleChina Bible publisher prints 125 millionth copy
Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e1195c78-6599-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inequality and why the worlds poor are being left behind by Big DataSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

King: candy  not crushed© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/0c0f38c4-6600-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hero Moto falls over 2% as Bain Cap sells sharesYou are here: Home > Collections > Trade
Hero MotoCorp falls over 2% as Bain Capital sells $200 million worth of shares
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 7, 2014, 09.38AM IST
Tags:
Bain Capital
(At 09:30 a.m.; Hero MotoCorp was…)
NEW DELHI: Hero MotoCorp Ltd slipped as much as 2.5 per cent in trade on Friday, after the US private investment firm Bain Capital sold $200 million worth of shares in Hero MotoCorp Ltd, with an option to sell more, according to a term sheet seen by Reuters.
At 09:30 a.m.; Hero MotoCorp was trading 1.9 per cent lower at Rs 2899. It hit a low of Rs 2882.60 and a high of Rs 2927.90 in trade today.
Bain Capital is selling nearly 4.3 million shares in India's biggest maker of motorcycles and scooters at a price range Rs 2,859.58 to Rs 2,963.30, the term sheet showed.
The Bain Capital arm selling the stake owned about 1.15 crore shares of Hero MotoCorp as of end-September, or about 5.77 per cent, according to stock exchange data.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ranbaxy Shares Fall 5% on US Drug Regulator BlowYou are here: Home Market
Ranbaxy Shares Fall 5% on US FDA Blow
NDTV | Updated On: November 07, 2014 13:05 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Shares in Ranbaxy fell over 5 per cent to a day low of Rs 618.85 in the opening session on Friday after the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) revoked a tentative approval for Ranbaxy Laboratories' two drugs.
The US FDA on Thursday had withdrawn its approval for Ranbaxy Laboratories to make a cheaper version of AstraZeneca's heartburn drug Nexium after Ranbaxy's plants were banned over quality control issues.
The USFDA has also revoked a tentative approval and six-months exclusivity for generic version of Roche Holding's antiviral Valcyte drug.
Ranbaxy said on Thursday the FDA had informed it that the regulator's original decisions granting tentative approval were "in error because of the compliance status of the facilities".
Nexium achieved global sales of $3.87 billion in 2013, $2.12 billion of which came from the United States, whereas the Valcyte had an annual sales of $260 million.
Analysts had expected generic Nexium to contribute about $150 million to Ranbaxy's sales in the first six months of the exclusive sales period, while Valcyte was expected to contribute between $40 million and $50 million.
Ranbaxy in a filing to exchanges said it is "actively evaluating all available options to preserve its rights."
As of 9.30 a.m. shares in Ranbaxy Lab traded 3.84 per cent lower at Rs 629 apiece, underperforming the Nifty which was down 0.1 per cent.
SunPharma which is in the process of acquiring Ranbaxy also traded 2.86 per cent down at Rs 844.75 apiece.
(With inputs from Reuters)

 US Withdraws Approvals of Two Ranbaxy DrugsYou are here: Home Corporates
US Pulls Approval for Ranbaxy Copies of AstraZeneca, Roche Drugs
Reuters | Updated On: November 06, 2014 19:03 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai: The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has revoked a tentative approval for Ranbaxy Laboratories to make a cheap copy of AstraZeneca's heartburn drug Nexium, after its Indian plants were banned over quality control issues.
The FDA has also stripped Ranbaxy of tentative approval and six-month exclusivity for a copy of Roche's antiviral Valcyte, a fresh blow to the company that has been hit by a raft of regulatory bans over poor production quality.
The US regulator has banned all of Ranbaxy's India-based plants under a wider scrutiny of the country's $15-billion pharmaceutical industry, which is the largest supplier of generic medicines to the United States.
Ranbaxy was the first company to receive tentative approvals to launch the cheaper copies of the two drugs in 2008, making it eligible to exclusively market the medicines for six months - a huge revenue generating opportunity.
The launch of Nexium and Valcyte generics had been awaiting final approval from the FDA. That was delayed as Ranbaxy struggled to resolve quality control issues at its drug manufacturing plants.
Ranbaxy said in a statement on Thursday that the FDA informed the company that the regulator's original decisions granting tentative approval were "in error because of the compliance status of the facilities" mentioned in the applications.
The US drug regulator also told the Indian drug maker there were no "data integrity issues" related to the company's filings for the two drugs, Ranbaxy said. The company did not elaborate and a spokesman did not respond to a mail seeking comment.
"Ranbaxy is disappointed with this development and is actively evaluating all available options to preserve its rights," the company said.
AstraZeneca on Thursday reported better-than-expected sales performance and raised its 2014 sales forecast for the second quarter in a row, due to the delayed arrival of generic copies of its Nexium drug in the United States.
AstraZeneca CEO Pascal Soriot said he was "not totally sure" how to read Ranbaxy's announcement on generic Nexium. He told analysts in a post-earnings call that he was still assuming there would be no generic Nexium in the United States this year.
Swiss drug maker Roche declined to comment.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Pfizer Posts Loss of Rs 11.83 Crore in Q2You are here: Home Corporates
Pfizer Posts Loss of Rs 11.83 Crore in Q2
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 20:50 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Drug firm Pfizer on Thursday reported a standalone loss of Rs 11.83 crore for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2014, due to exceptional expenses incurred at its Thane plant.
The company had registered a net profit of Rs 69.45 crore for the corresponding quarter a year ago, it said in a filing to the BSE.
Net sales of the company during the quarter under review rose marginally to Rs 269.45 crore as against Rs 267.35 crore in the year-ago period, it added.
Exceptional expenses of Rs 76.03 crore were incurred during the quarter in relation to the Thane plant. "The expenses include amount paid towards voluntary retirement scheme/other related costs," the company said.
In August, Pfizer issued a lockout notice at its Thane plant following labour unrest, stating the step was necessitated to ensure safety of its employees.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 20:12 (IST)

Cyclone alert withdrawn as deep depression stalls in BayCyclone alert withdrawn as deep depression stalls in Bay
Vinson Kurian
Source: IMD Satellite image taken on November 7, 2014
Thiruvananthapuram, Nov 7:  
The cyclone formation alert in the Bay of Bengal has been called off in continuing twists and turns in the fortunes of the currently evolving weather in the basin.
India Met Department has said in an update midnight last night that the deep depression over central Bay remained practically stationary during past 12 hours.
LIKELY LANDFALL
It was located 750 km east-southeast of Ongole, 560 km southeast of Vishakhapatnam and 730 km east northeast of Chennai.
It is now expected to move westwards towards Andhra Pradesh coast and weaken gradually into a depression before reaching coast on Sunday morning.
The US Naval Observatory had tagged the deep depression as 05B, a numbered tropical cyclone, the penultimate step before naming it.
It now expects the tagged storm to reach the Nellore/Prakasam coast of Andhra Pradesh by Sunday noon without weakening appreciably.
MODERATE RAIN
The Met has said that moderate rain would lash various districts in Andhra Pradesh on Saturday and Sunday as the depression draws nearer to the coast.
Squally weather may prevail along the Andhra Pradesh and north Tamil Nadu coast. Fishermen are advised not to venture out into the nearby seas, the Met added.
Meanwhile, the Met is watching a low-pressure area evolving in the Gulf of Thailand and preparing to hop over into the Andaman Sea early next week.
It suspects that the system may get further traction in the adjoining Bay of Bengal and grow in strength to become another tropical cyclone.
The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts has refused to buy into this, though a host of US models are willing to.
India Met posits the evolving system for a likely landfall over the Andhra Pradesh coast around Visakhapatnam by midweek next week.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

Clean India  a bit of hype : Jairam RameshSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
Claiming that Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Swachh Bharat’ has become a slogan and “a bit of hype”, Former Union Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh today said the programme also needs to address the issue of open defecation.
“When I was the minister for sanitation we had started Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan, and its the objective was to end open defecation in India in 10 years time. Sixty per cent of Indian women are defecating in the open. You can have Swachh Bharat but if you have open defecation, they don’t go together,” Ramesh told reporters here.
Speaking on the sidelines of T N Khoshoo Memorial Award 2014 function here, he said “Indian Railways was the largest open sewage system in the world. 20 million Indians travel by railways every year, 50,000 coaches…, and the open system is not only bad for environment, it goes on to the track and corrodes, and it’s bad for safety. All this was thought about as part of the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan.
“I don’t know what… Swachh Bharat is a nice philosophical thing, take a broom, bring big personalities and start cleaning; but this a long-term thing, we have to end open defecation,” he said.
Stating that it should be ensured that the entire railway system runs on modern hygienic toilets in five years, Ramesh said that is what he finds missing in the debate on Swachh Bharat now.
“Swachh Bharat has become a slogan, and has become bit of hype, so what exactly does it mean?” he reasoned and said “our idea was every gram panchayat should become free from open defecation; …Swachh Bharat is a nice slogan, but what does Swachh Bharat mean?”
When asked whether the objective was missing in Swachh Bharat, he said “I’m not saying it is missing, but I don’t see the debate that should be… where is the debate?”
Talking about Clean Ganga programme, Ramesh said, “80 per cent of the pollution into the Ganga is sewage, untreated sewage going into the Ganga, so unless you treat the sewage you are not going to make Ganga clean. You need sewage treatment, you need sewage network, and you need sewage treatment plants.”
So, that level of detail which was part of Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan…, these are nice sounding slogans but programme requires far more details, he added.
The event was organised by Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and Environment (ATREE). The award was conferred on Prof Mahesh Rangarajan, Director of Nehru Memorial Museum and Library, New Delhi.
TAGS: Clean India Jairam Ramesh Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee mocks  demagogue  ModiSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
Mocking Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign and calling him a ‘demagogue’, CPI(M) politburo member Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee today said sweeping streets will not remove poverty in the country.
“Our previous prime minister Manmohan Singh was said to be a person who didn’t talk much. Now we have Prime Minister Narendra Modi who talks too much and on each and every issue as if a demagogue is speaking.
“Nobody speaks so much like him (Modi). Within a minute he removed the five year plan programme, which is such an old programme,” Bhattacharjee told the 50th anniversary of the party Congress of CPI-M.
Attacking the BJP-led government at the Centre and the rise of saffron brigade in the state, the CPI-M leader said “He (Modi) is only busy sweeping streets and is asking everybody to do so. I would like to say that by sweeping the streets of the country you can’t remove the poverty of the nation. Until and unless poverty is removed, the common people are deprived of basic amenities and services and there is no use of sweeping the streets.”
He accused BJP and RSS of allegedly trying to inject communal tensions in the state through communal designs and programmes.
“The dirty communal hands of RSS and VHP are trying to increase their clout in every sphere. Earlier, communal riots meant Gujarat, now no state can claim that it is free from communal tensions. In our state (WB) too some media houses are trying to spread the idea that the political space of Left is taken by the saffron brigade. But I would like to say that the colour red can never be replaced by saffron, because red is the colour of poor people and struggle.”
Continuing his tirade, Bhattacharjee said BJP was trying to create a communal polarisation in the state. “RSS is working towards creating communal polarisation in the state and disturb the secular fabric of our state. But as long as we are there we won’t allow that to happen.”
He also lashed out at the economic policies of the Modi government at the Centre.
“The country has never faced such a crisis since Independence. The RSS, which is based on barbarism of middle ages and the corporates have joined hands and are looting the natural resources of the nation. The economic policies are only intended to help the rich and deprive the poor and middle class,” the former chief minister added.
Bhattacharjee, however, accepted that in some places in West Bengal where the Left and CPI(M) are on the back foot, BJP is trying to gain ground.
“We had a few setbacks and in villages where we are on Blackfoot, the BJP is going there, asking the people to join BJP if they want to save themselves.
“We want to tell our cadre and supporters that please don’t surrender to the communal forces as we are there with them,” he added.
TAGS: Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

Microsoft changes tack  to make Office features free on mobileEditorial: Reliance Industries goes to Mexico
Few golden geese in technology have survived as long as Office has for Microsoft.
The suite of applications that includes Word, Excel and PowerPoint, first released in 1990, generated nearly a third of Microsoft’s revenue during its last fiscal year — about $26 billion of $87 billion in total. By some estimates, the software accounted for an even higher portion of the company’s gross profits.
But in a sign of the seismic changes underway in the tech industry, Microsoft, the world’s largest software company, said on Thursday that it would give away a comprehensive mobile edition of Office. The free software for iPads, iPhones and Android tablets will do most of the most essential things people normally do with the computer versions of the product.
Just a few years ago, giving away a full free version of Office would have earned a Microsoft chief executive a visit from a witch doctor. Now, the move is following through on the rallying cry coming from Satya Nadella, Microsoft’s new chief executive, who has pushed cloud and mobile computing as lodestars for the company’s future.
The old Microsoft hemmed and hawed about creating Office apps for mobile platforms from Google and Apple, pushing its Windows platform instead. But the centre of gravity in the tech industry has quickly shifted to mobile and cloud computing. Power players like Apple and Google and many of the most successful new start-ups now offer free software, often with premium perks for sale. That shift has started to weigh on Office. While sales of the software to businesses grew about 8 per cent last year, consumer revenue rose only 2 per cent. Sales declined by double-digit percentage points during the first two quarters of the year.
“We’d like to dramatically increase the number of people trying Office,” John Case, corporate vice president of Office marketing at Microsoft, said. about the new offering. “This is about widening the funnel.”
For years, Office was not available on mobile devices, and many consumers began to wonder whether they needed the software at all. Those who needed productivity apps turned to free or cheap alternatives from Apple, Google and start-ups like Evernote.
– NICK WINGFIELD
TAGS: Microsoft Microsoft Mobile Microsoft Office
More from industry

Asia bourses rise ahead of US jobs reportWall Street slips off highs after US jobs report
Michael Hunter in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d5ef35ba-662b-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hero MotoCorp Shares Fall 3% on Bain Capital Stake SaleYou are here: Home Market
Hero MotoCorp Shares Fall 3% on Bain Capital Stake Sale
NDTV | Updated On: November 07, 2014 12:43 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Shares in Hero MotoCorp fell 3 per cent to a day low of Rs 2,874.4 on Friday as the US private investment firm Bain Capital is selling nearly 4.3 million shares in the company.
Bain Capital is selling the stocks at a price range of Rs 2,859.58 to Rs 2,963.3. The issue has already been subscribed and is likely to be closed today.
As of September 30, 2014, Bain Capital held around 11.5 million shares (5.77 per cent) of Hero MotoCorp.
As of 10.00 a.m. Hero MotoCorp shares traded 2.3 per cent lower at Rs 2,895 apiece underperforming the Nifty which was down 0.1 per cent.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Dr Reddy s  Endo Get FDA Approval to Launch Generic ValcyteBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai: The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said it has granted final approval to Indian drugmaker Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd and US firm Endo International Plc to make cheaper copies of Roche Holding AG's antiviral Valcyte.
The move comes after Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd said on Thursday that FDA had stripped the company of its tentative approval to launch the first copy of the drug due to quality control issues at its manufacturing plants.
Ranbaxy, whose all India-based manufacturing plants have been banned by the FDA from exporting to the United States, also lost its rights to a six-months market exclusivity for Valcyte generic.
There are no companies with such sales exclusivity for Valcyte generic anymore, FDA spokeswoman Sandy Walsh said in a statement mailed to Reuters.
A spokeswoman for Dr Reddy's did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Friday. Endo could not be reached outside the US business hours.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: November 07, 2014 10:04 (IST)

Assessing the Sixth Circuit upholding the constitutionality of laws banning same-sex marriageBy Ilya Somin November 6
The main significance of today’s Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals decision is that it creates a circuit split over the issue that may lead the Supreme Court to address it sooner rather than later . But it is also worth taking the time to assess the opinion on the merits, especially since the author – Judge Jeffrey Sutton – is a prominent and highly respected conservative jurist. Unfortunately, the opinion is not very strong, and is unlikely to persuade or even give much pause to anyone who doesn’t already agree with its conclusions.
Most of Judge Sutton’s analysis is devoted to showing that laws banning same-sex marriage can meet minimal “rational basis” scrutiny. On that point, I think he is likely right. But it elides the reality that the strongest arguments against such laws is that they should be subject to heightened scrutiny , either because they discriminate on the basis of sex, or because they do so on the basis of sexual orientation.
I. Judge Sutton’s neglect of the Sex Discrimination Argument
Most egregiously, Sutton completely ignores the sex discrimination argument , even though it was in the briefs and has been endorsed by some of the previous lower court opinions on the subject . Even some opponents of same-sex marriage recognize that laws banning it are based on sex discrimination. As one of them puts it , such laws “require state officials to consider people’s sex” in determining who is allowed to marry whom, and “involve… treating sex as Virginia’s ban [on interracial marriage] in Loving had treated race.” If Sutton disagrees, he should have at least explained why.
Perhaps Sutton ignored the issue because he believes that the entire question of heightened scrutiny was foreclosed by the Supreme Court’s one line opinion in Baker v. Nelson (1972) , which dismissed a same-sex marriage case on the grounds that it failed to present a “substantial federal question.” Sutton argues at length that Baker is still good law, despite multiple Supreme Court decisions since then, which seem to cut against it. But Sutton completely ignores the fact that Baker was decided before the Supreme Court first ruled that gender classifications are subject to heightened intermediate scrutiny, which did not occur until Craig v. Boren in 1976. If Sutton wishes to rely so heavily on Baker’s cursory non-analysis of the same-sex marriage issue, he at least needs to explain why Baker was not superseded by Craig, and by the many other Supreme Court decisions applying heightened scrutiny to gender classifications since then (including in cases where the discrimination in question was not motivated by animus or hostility to either men or women, as such).
II. A Weak Response to the Argument that Laws Discriminating on the Basis of Sexual Orientation Should Get Heightened Scrutiny.
Sutton does briefly address the claim that laws banning same-sex marriage should get heightened scrutiny because they discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation. He argues that sexual orientation discrimination should not get heightened scrutiny because gays and lesbians are not disenfranchised and are not a politically “powerless” minority, as evidenced by their important political victories over the last decade, including the enactment of same-sex marriage in many states. “[F]rom the claimants’ perspective,” he writes, “we have an eleven-year record marked by nearly as many successes as defeats and a widely held assumption that the future holds more promise than the past.”
This response simply doesn’t cut it. By the same reasoning, it could be argued that discrimination in marriage laws against African-Americans should not have been subject to heightened scrutiny when the Court struck it down in Loving v. Virginia, in 1967. After all, by 1967, blacks had won numerous political victories in the previous decade, including the enactment of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (a far greater triumph than anything yet achieved by the gay rights movement). Thanks to the Voting Rights Act of 1965, blacks were no longer disenfranchised. By 1967, numerous states had abolished laws banning interracial marriage, and only sixteen still retained them (fewer than currently retain laws banning same-sex marriage). And few in 1967 could doubt that there was “a widely held assumption that the future [for blacks] holds more promise than the past.” I have significant reservations about the sexual orientation discrimination argument myself. But Sutton’s response to it is weak.
III. Same-Sex Marriage and Originalism.
Finally, Sutton argues that there is no right to same-sex marriage under the original meaning of the Fourteenth Amendment, though he offers little analysis to support that conclusion. Since he concludes that Baker v. Nelson is still binding, he did not even need to consider this issue. But given that he chose to do so anyway, he should have addressed the powerful originalist case for such a right , especially as it relates to the sex discrimination argument. Recently, prominent conservative originalist scholar Steven Calabresi has offered several originalist arguments against laws restricting marriage to opposite-sex couples . Sutton ignores all of them, including some that had been raised previously by others (such as the sex discrimination rationale).
Some of the flaws in Sutton’s analysis in the same-sex marriage case bear a surprising resemblance to those of his most famous previous opinion: his concurrence upholding the Obamacare individual health insurance mandate . In that case, he relied on an idiosyncratic interpretation of the distinction between facial and as-applied challenges that went against Supreme Court precedent , and was not adopted by any of the other judges who considered the issue on either the Supreme Court or the lower courts (including the many who voted to uphold the mandate on other grounds). Both opinions combine strong rhetorical statements about the humility required of lower court judges – especially when it comes to deferring to the Supreme Court – with neglect or significant misunderstanding of relevant Supreme Court precedent.
Just as there were serious legal arguments for upholding the individual mandate, so too there are serious arguments for upholding laws banning same-sex marriage. But Judge Sutton’s opinions failed to make either case as effectively as he could have, because he ignored or misanalyzed some of the strongest arguments of the other side.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Superbugs threaten a medical dark age  but scientists have a new weaponBy Ariana Eunjung Cha November 6 Follow @arianaeunjung
Over the past decade, the problem of deadly, drug-resistant superbugs has become a global crisis, outpacing new countermeasures and threatening to bring patient care back to beginning of the 20th century. These bugs are now responsible for 23,000 deaths and 2 million illnesses a year in the United States alone. Last year, Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron warned of the possibility of a coming medical "dark age."
There is finally some hope that we'll be able to stop the infections before things get worse.
MRSA or methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus. (CDC)
Scientists from a Dutch biotech company called Micreos reported Wednesday at a conference on antibiotics alternatives that a new type of treatment had been effective at curing five out of six patients whose skin had been infected with MRSA or methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus -- one of the scariest bugs around because it appears to shrug off even the most powerful antibiotics available. The initial trial was small and limited to those with eczema, contact dermatitis and other skin infections but the company said it is beginning clinical trials for other types of infections.
Antibiotics work by getting inside bacteria, but in recent years many bacteria that cause common illnesses such as tuberculosis or salmonella have mutated to have thicker membranes that stop the medicine from getting inside.
The new drug -- which the company has dubbed Staphefket -- works from the outside by latching on to the outer cell wall of bacteria. It uses an enzyme known as endolysins to degrade the wall and thereby kill the bacteria. Scientists theorize that bacteria will be less able to evolve to protect themselves against this type of attack because endolysins tend to evolve with their hosts. They are also believed to have another advantage over antibiotics: They can be targeted to only kill specific types of bacteria while antibiotics tend to kill a whole spectrum of them -- both good and bad for the body.
Micreos said in May that it had tested the drug against 36 strains of bacteria, eight of them MRSA.
The President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology in September issued a long-awaited report on the matter warning that antibiotic resistance threatens to undue all the progress we've made in the past century in terms of controlling infectious diseases.
Read more:

Science Names The Catchiest Song EverIn a finding that's sure to ignite debates among music lovers around the world, researchers say they've identified the catchiest song of all time.
The winner: the 1996 Spice Girls hit " Wannabe ." (Try getting that out of your head now.)
Researchers from the University of Amsterdam worked with the Museum of Science and Industry in Manchester, U.K., to figure out why some songs are catchy and others are not.
"You may only hear something a couple of times yet 10 years later you immediately realize that you have heard it before," Ashley Burgoyne, a computational musicologist from the University of Amsterdam, told the BBC. " Yet other songs, even if you have heard them a lot, do not have this effect ."
So what makes a song catchy? It's not simply your ability to know it and recognize it. It's how the song stays in your head even when it stops playing -- the so-called earworm effect.
To measure this, the researchers developed a game. Because they're measuring "catchiness," it's not your typical name-that-tune type of arrangement. Instead, you hit the stop button the moment you recognize a tune, and then the game tests the ability of the song to keep playing inside your head.
It's called Hooked on Music, which you can actually play for yourself right here . Warning: Your productivity for the day will plummet the moment you click on that link. Then again, how often do you get to participate in real science?
The game used the top 40 songs from each decade over the past 70 years. Of the 12,000 people who played during the yearlong study period, the Spice Girls track was tops, recognized in an average of 2.29 seconds.
(Story continues after video)
And while the game may seem silly, there is a very serious purpose behind the study. The researchers wrote on the game's website that they hope to use the results to further research into dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
Here's the full list of the top 20 catchiest songs, at least as determined by the study:
Spice Girls, "Wannabe"
Lou Bega, "Mambo No. 5"
Survivor, "Eye Of The Tiger"
Lady Gaga, "Just Dance"

Tax rates firmed up as GST gets set for 2016 rolloutNarendra Modi’s bottom-up idea to replace Plan panel secures support of CMs
The government is giving final touches to one of the most important aspect of the proposed Goods and Services Tax (GST) — the revenue-neutral rate (RNR) — as it prepares to table the Constitution Amendment Bill for GST in the upcoming Winter Session of Parliament.
A senior official told The Indian Express that the government is considering 11 per cent and 12 per cent rate for the Centre and states, respectively, under the GST.
With the government looking at a 2016 deadline for rolling out GST, which has been touted as one of the most ambitious reform, indications are that finance minister Arun Jaitley may make an announcement regarding the same in February in the new Budget.
Meanwhile, the Cabinet note detailing the final amendments to the Constitution Amendment Bill, vital for introducing GST, has been drafted and will be circulated soon, the official added.
“After making the calculations by including petrol and octroi in the GST as opposed to the states’ demand of keeping them out, the rate that has been arrived at is 11 per cent and 12 per cent for the Centre and states, respectively,” the official said.
According to the Thirteenth Finance Commission chaired by Vijay Kelkar, the rate for both the Centre and states was set at 6 per cent, with the combined rate of 12 per cent. He further added, “We are looking at a combined RNR of not more than 24 per cent which is still very high because the GST design we are adopting is distortionary in nature. However, going forward the distortions will be gradually removed, thereby reducing the rates.”
Further, the government has completed its process of redrafting the Bill and has agreed to most of the demands made by the states including having a floor rate with bands to allow states the freedom to have a high or low tax rate.
Although it has included petrol under the GST, opposed to the states’ demand, it has allowed them to levy taxes over and above the GST on the product.
The official said that the Centre will collect taxes from traders having a turnover of over Rs 1.5 crore while the states will tax those having a turnover between Rs 25 lakh and Rs 1.5 crore.
Currently, the threshold for excise duty is annual turnover of Rs 1.5 crore and for service tax it is Rs 10 lakh. The Bill has to be approved by two-thirds majority of Parliament and ratified by 50 per cent states to be passed.
The government is looking at the GST, which will subsume most of the indirect taxes of both states and centre, as a route to improve the ease of doing business by bringing down the incidence of multiple taxes.
TAGS: Goods And Services Tax GST Tax Reform
More from economy

Narendra Modi sell-off drive stalls  more Indian spending cuts on wayNarendra Modi’s bottom-up idea to replace Plan panel secures support of CMs
India will fall well short of its $9.5 billion privatisation target this year, despite a big stock market rally that has attracted foreign investors, two government sources told Reuters.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ambitious selloff agenda has met resistance from labour unions and faces delays due to bureaucratic upheaval caused by a purge of the top team at the finance ministry that handles asset sales.
Officials say a fall in global oil prices will reduce the government’s subsidy burden, giving it a greater chance of hitting its ambitious fiscal deficit target of 4.1 percent of gross domestic product in the fiscal year to March.
But they warn that revenues from share sales could reach just half the target, forcing Modi to take the axe again to spending after he last week banned bureaucrats from flying first class and staying at five-star hotels.
“At the most we could raise 250-300 billion rupees ($4.1-$4.8 billion) from disinvestment this year,” one senior finance ministry official with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
India’s bloated public sector is a legacy of its Soviet-style planned economy but, despite Modi’s pro-business platform, it avoids even using the word “privatisation”.
“It’s more a divestment model,” Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told a World Economic Forum conference on Wednesday, stressing that the state would keep control over strategic state enterprises.
In his maiden budget, Jaitley set a target of raising 584 billion rupees ($9.5 billion) from the sale of shares in companies in which the state has majority and minority stakes.
Yet the government has so far raised 518 million rupees, less than one thousandth of its target, with more than half of the fiscal year gone. The budget assumes that sell-off proceeds will generate 5.6 percent of total revenues.
“Given the sluggish growth of tax revenues in (the) first half of 2014/15, meeting the disinvestment target would be crucial to ensure that the fiscal deficit remains in line with the budgeted level,” said Aditi Nayar, an economist at ICRA, the Indian arm of rating agency Moody’s.
BANNER SALE
The government is in the final stages of preparing its first major sale to raise about $2.8 billion from a 5 percent stake in energy explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), two sources told Reuters on Wednesday.
The cabinet has already given approval to sell a 10 percent stake in Coal India that could help raise nearly $3 billion, besides shares in power producer NHPC and Steel Authority of India (SAIL).
But it faces opposition from trade unions to the Coal India sale, amid a power crisis caused by chronic shortfalls in production.
Over 400,000 Coal India employees, who blocked the previous government’s attempt to sell a 10 percent stake, have threatened to strike on
Nov. 24 against privatisation.
“Employees do not want privatisation because it will encourage plundering of mines and push the workers back into slavery,” said Jibon Roy, general secretary, All India Coal Workers Federation.
The government’s plans to raise 150 billion rupees by selling its minority stakes in Hindustan Zinc and BALCO face a legal challenge from trade unions that have gone to the Supreme Court.
“I see no possibility of share sales in Hindustan Zinc and BALCO this fiscal year,” said another senior finance ministry official with knowledge of the matter.
Officials worry that a shortfall in proceeds from share sales and lower tax collections due to the weak economic recovery could force them to cut budgeted spending again.
“The situation is not as bad as last year, but we may need expenditure cuts, maybe of 200-250 billion rupees,” said the first source, adding there could be savings in capital spending as some ministries were unable to spend allocated funds.
In the last four years, India has raised 758 billion rupees against a budgeted target of 1.5 trillion rupees from the share sale programme.
TAGS: Narendra Modi PSU Divestment Stock Market
More from economy

Temple town Varanasi awaits big announcements during PM Modi s visitYou are here: Home > Collections > Announcements
Varanasi awaits big announcements during PM Narendra Modi's visit
Manmohan Rai, ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 10.20AM IST
Tags:
Banarasi zari sarees
(The PM will also lay the foundation…)
VARANASI: The temple town is buzzing with excitement ahead of Narendra Modi's maiden visit on Friday to his constituency after becoming the prime minister.
Residents of the city are waiting for some big announcements. Lady luck has already smiled on the Jayapur village that will be formally adopted by the PM under the 'Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana'. Modi will also interact with villagers and may make a short public speech.
The PM will also lay the foundation stone of a Weavers Trade Facilitation Centre and a crafts museum aimed at uplifting the lot of weavers and craftsmen.
The weavers' centre would work as a centre for design and production of handlooms. It will also function as a platform for small weavers to directly sell their produce to big buyers, eliminating middlemen and increasing their profit.
Interestingly, majority of the weavers hail from the Muslim community, making intricate Banarasi zari sarees . Many OBCs are also involved in the ancient art of weaving.
Although no official confirmation was forthcoming, Modi was likely to formally announce the opening up of the 1,602-km-long 'Allahabad to Haldia via Varanasi' waterway. Some vessels have already sailed on a trial basis on the route, which is operational only till outer Ramnagar in Varanasi . He may also elaborate on the Varanasi-Kyoto pact between the two ancient cities of India and Japan to develop them with modern tech while leaving their ancient heritage untouched.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How much car loan you should takeHow much car loan you should take
Nov 7, 2014, 10.30AM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
By Rishi Mehra
The Indian economy is on the rise and so is the sale of automobiles. The young salaried consumers in India want their own set of wheels as soon they land up in a good job.
Understandably, fuelling this penchant for automobiles is the banking system which is more than happy extending loans to the customer.
State Bank and HDFC Bank are leaders in this segment, but there are many choices for the discerning customer to choose from.
To decide on which Bank for the best car loan, the customer must compare:
1. Rate of Interest
A customer should scout for the lowest rate of interest from as many banks as possible before taking a call.
Current Car loan interest rate table:
BANK  RoI  CONDITION    HDFC Bank  11.50% -13.75%  Depending on vehicle segment    ICICI Bank  10.75% - 15.00%  For new car loans    Axis Bank  11.50%      SBI Car Loan  10.40% - 10.45%  For Women & Men respectively
Based on above the above you choose what works best for you.
2. Processing fee
It's a one-time fee, but a customer should try to opt for a Bank which charges the lowest fee.
3. Prepayment Charges
Some Banks charge 4-5 percent of the total loan amount on prepayment of Car loans whereas some levy 0 percent prepayment charges. If you think you can prepay the car loan, one must opt for zero as that will reduce the total interest rate.
Based on above you choose which is the best Car Loan for you.
4. How much?
Car loans are given up to 85 percent of the car value and also based on your repayment capacity, i.e. your Income. So, if you plan to buy a Mercedes then your monthly income should be good enough to be able to service EMIs.
Even after proper due diligence, borrowers are often confused as to how much to borrow. Well, one needs to understand that the Car is a depreciating asset, so taking a bigger loan is not a very smart thing to do.
The bigger the vehicle, the higher would be the maintenance, fuel and even insurance costs.
Seeing past data, we feel customers would be well advised to restrict auto loan to not more than 20 per cent of their monthly income.
Suppose, if you earn Rs 20,000 a month, then your car EMI should not exceed Rs. 4000 a month. So, taking a small car is a good idea rather than going in for higher Car loan EMI of Rs. 8000-10,000 in the same income. It is easy to take a Car loan, but to enjoy the Car and the Car loan; one should maintain a ratio of 20 per cent.
All those customers who want to take a home loan in the near future should remember this more as at that point their Home loan eligibility will decrease if they have any other bigger EMI.
Author is cofounder deal4loans.com. www.deal4loans.com is a platform for online comparison for retail Loans in India. Views expressed are personal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

See Sensex at 31 000 by December 2015: CitigroupThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

CBS launches always on streaming news serviceCBS launches ‘always on’ streaming news service
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Nov 7:  
CBS has launched an on-demand streaming news service with live “anchored” news reports that can be viewed on any Web-connected device.
The service, called CBSN, incorporates some of the features of cable news channels like CNN, along with a Netflix-style menu that enables viewers to choose the segments they want to see and to pause or watch the reports again.
“There’s a tremendous opportunity on these platforms for a true round-the-clock newscast,” said CBS Corp. president and chief executive Leslie Moonves.
“We’re confident this service will appeal to both traditional news consumers and a whole new set of viewers.”
CBSN will be available 24 hours a day with all of the resources of CBS News.
The network will also have live, anchored coverage 15 hours each weekday, with reports packaged into a 60—minute format.
Viewers can access the service on CBSNews.com and its mobile website, as well as on devices including Amazon Fire TV and Roku players, and from apps on some mobile platforms.
“It gives viewers the full flexibility within each hour to control what they watch and when they watch it via DVR-like functionality that allows them to watch previous segments and jump back into live programming seamlessly and across devices,” a CBS statement said.
The move comes with the traditional television landscape being shaken by streaming video offerings from groups like Netflix and Amazon.
Other options for streaming video news include Vice Media and HuffPost Live, a service of Huffington Post.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

BSE Sensex rises 55 pts on capital inflows; NSE Nifty also edges higherThe benchmark BSE Sensex gained over 55 points in early trade today on foreign capital inflows amid hopes of announcement of more reforms by the government.
Besides, a mixed trend at other Asian bourses influenced trading sentiments here.
The 30-share index, which had gained 55.50 points in the previous session, rose by 55.03 points, or 0.20 per cent, to 27,970.91 with realty, banking, capital goods, FMCG, auto and IT stocks leading the rise.
The NSE Nifty also edged higher by 22.05 points, or 0.26 per cent, to 8,360.35.
Stock markets remained closed yesterday on account of “Guru Nanak Jayanti”.
Brokers said sentiments remained upbeat on sustained foreign fund inflows on expectations that the government would announce more reforms.
Besides, falling global crude oil prices raised hopes of a rate cut by the RBI.
Meanwhile, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday promised reforms in labour, land acquisition and insurance laws and expressed readiness to look at privatisation of some loss-making public sector companies.
Among other Asian markets, Japan’s Nikkei rose 0.84 per cent, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng shed 0.18 per cent in early trade today. The US Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a new record-high by rising 0.40 per cent in yesterday’s trade.

Feminism isnt showing flesh to get ahead: MelCBy: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: November 7, 2014 11:19 am
Former Spice Girls Mel C believes feminism is not about doing unwanted skin show. The 40-year-old singer said youngsters should work hard to become famous, reported Digital Spy.
“I kind of think there’s two camps and two trains of thought. Feminism is what it is to you. You can’t define what feminism is. I don’t want to judge anybody, but for my little girl I don’t want feminism meaning that she shows her flesh to get ahead. For me, that’s not feminism. But I’m not judging anyone that does that.
“And also, the thing is, the way celebrity culture has become, so many young girls just want to be famous. But you want to have a passion and a drive to do something and I think sometimes people think you can get things easy, and to be successful at something you have to work hard.”

PAU youth fest ends  College of Agriculture lifts overalltrophyPrint
By: Express News Service | Ludhiana | Posted: November 7, 2014 11:10 am
A week-long “Inter-College Youth Festival” concluded at the Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) on Wednesday late after scintillating bhangra and giddha performances.
The atmosphere at the Open Air Theatre of PAU was electrifying with the bhangra dhol beats and giddha boliyan. The College of Agriculture clinched the overall trophy.
Besides, the running trophy for cultural procession, literary, fine arts, and dance events was bagged by College of Agriculture; theatre events by College of Agricultural Engineering; and music events by College of Home Science.
RESULTS
Skit: College of Agriculture Engineering and Technology
Mono-acting: Narjeet (College of Agricultural Engineering)
Folk dance (female): College of Agriculture (giddha)
Folk dance (male): College of Agricultural Engineering (bhangra)

I am not ready to date: NickCannonNick Cannon: I'm good, man. I'm great. There are a lot of people after me right now. I gotta slow it down. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 7, 2014 11:09 am
‘America’s Got Talent’ host Nick Cannon has revealed that dating is far from his mind now. Cannon, 34, who spilt from pop star wife Mariah Carey in August, said kids are his priority, reported People magazine.
“I’m good, man. I’m great. There are a lot of people after me right now. I gotta slow it down. I’m trying to slow it down and stay focused. Family is the first thing and my kids are most important,” he said.
Asked about his perfect woman, Cannon said, “I couldn’t even tell you right now. That’s a tough one. I haven’t thought about that one. I’m just taking it one day at a time.” Obviously the dating thing will come down the line, but right now I’m just slowing down.”

SpiceJet flight hits animal before take-off at SuratairportConsidering the stray-animal menace, SpiceJet has also decided to suspend its services on Surat airport for an indefinite period. (Express photo by Kamaal Saiyed)
By: Express News Service | Surat | Posted: November 7, 2014 11:07 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 3:37 pm
A SpiceJet Boeing aircraft bound for Delhi with 170 passengers on board hit and killed a buffalo while taking off, damaging the aircraft badly on Thursday evening at Surat airport.
A buffalo was seen coming out of the shrubs on to the Tarmac Friday afternoon, a day after a Delhi-bound SpiceJet plane ran into one, killing it. (Express Photo by Kamal Saiyed)
The authorities said that incident took place at 6.20 pm. The aircraft landed from Mumbai as passengers bound for Delhi boarded it and just before take off the animal ran into the runway. The passengers were safe but the flight had to be abandoned due to damage in aircraft’s body.
The cement concrete compound wall which has been made to prevent the cattle and other animals entering the airport premises was damaged and airport authorities had fenced it. (Express photo by Kamaal Saiyed)
The airport authorities called for another aircraft from Mumbai to fly the passengers to Delhi. Investigations are on as to where the buffalo came from.
The incident comes at a time when diamond and textile industrialists are pushing for expanding the airport operations to include more domestic and introduce international flights.
Airport Authority of India officials inspecting the damaged fence at Surat airport. (Express photo by Kamaal Saiyed)
The Nagpur airport is also notorious for wild animals coming on the tarmac.
 

Lodhi Club underpass opened  SAD-BJP leaders jostle forcreditAt the underpass near Lodhi Club in Ludhiana on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Gurmeet Singh)
Written by Divya Goyal | Ludhiana | Posted: November 7, 2014 11:06 am
It was a literal tug-of-war situation on Thursday when the entire local leadership of the Shiromani Akali Dal and Bharatiya Janata Party poured out to inaugurate the Lodhi Club Railway Underpass.
Arriving with a procession of their supporters in large numbers, both parties tried to overpower and dominate the inauguration ceremony in a thorough display of unity.
The underpass has been constructed by the Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA) at a cost of Rs 37.50 crore.
The leaders of both parties were seen struggling to come to the front and get their photographs clicked. Both SAD and BJP leaders were seen in a rush to push each other at the back and occupy a place in the front.
Irrigation Minister Sharanjit Singh Dhillon and Dakha MLA Manpreet Singh Ayali were the front-runners from the SAD while BJP leader Rajinder Bhandari along with district BJP president Parveen Bansal too were not far behind.
Advisor to CM Maheshinder Singh Grewal was also present. SAD MLAs Darshan Singh Shivalik and Ranjit Singh Dhillon followed Grewal for getting photos clicked.
SAD district presidents Madan Lal Bagga and Harbhajan Singh Dang too were seen pushing and shoving in a bid to save space at the front when Dhillon formally cut the ribbon and inaugurated the underpass.
MC councillors Jagbir Singh Sokhi, Tanvir Singh Dhaliwal and Rakhwinder Singh Gabria, Youth Akali leader Simranjit Singh Dhillon too arrived with their supporters in large numbers which was equally matched by the supporters from the BJP. Mayor Harcharan Singh Gohalwaria too joined the SAD camp.
Minister Dhillon, however, denied any tug-of-war situation among the allies. “It is completely misleading. There is no credit war. SAD-BJP ties are rock solid and there is absolutely no truth in rumours of credit war,” he said.
The underpass built over the railway line is 541 metres long, 20.80 metres wide, the width of carriageway is 7 metres, its depth is 11 metres and two electric motors of 10 HP each have been installed to drain rainwater.
Pending since 2012, the project was completed after much delays. The government decided to inaugurate it after Congress MP Ravneet Singh Bittu gave an ultimatum to open it for public within three days.

Bhutanese monk Khyentse Norbus Vara: A Blessing dedicated to Satyajit Rays CharulataPrint
Written by Jaskiran Kapoor | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 11:05 am
Of all the screenings at the recently concluded 3rd Dharamshala International Film festival, there was one where long queues of cinema lovers spilled out beyond the entry gates. The narrow stretch of road leading up to the Tibetan Centre for the Arts in McLeod Ganj became a make shift waiting area before fans were allowed into the venue, for a screening of ‘Vara: A Blessing’, a film by Khyentse Norbu, better known to his Budhist followers as Dzongsar Khyentse Rinpoche.
His debut semi-autobiographical film, The Cup, on the football crazy monks at a monastery, premiered at Cannes. It was also the first film to be produced in his home country, Bhutan. His second feature, ‘Travellers & Magicians’ was dramatic. But ‘Vara: A Blessing’, a film outside his ‘comfort zone’,  is based on a story by Bengali novelist Sunil Gangopadhyay’s Rakta Aar Kanna. The plot delves into the youthful yearnings and Indian classical dance form, Bharatanatyam. “My film’s slow, and I hope you got a good night’s sleep,” he says, adding, “The Cup was something I rolled out of the bed and shot for it’s about my own people whereas Vara… meant stepping into a new territory, with a new cast and crew.”
The 96-minute English feature was the opening film at the Busan International Film Festival in 2013.
Author, teacher and a consummate cinema lover, Norbu’s inspiration comes from Satyajit Ray’s cinema. So much so that he dedicated part of ‘Vara… to Ray’s ‘Charulata.’ “I must’ve watched Charulata 40 times. I am drawn to Bengali songs, Carnatic music, and indulge in their literature,” he says. ‘Vara…’ intertwines the world of Hindu gods with classical Indian music and dance. Norbu says he was captivated by the idea of devadasis and the strength of a woman.
Punctuated with a Bollywood ‘item’ track, exposing human weaknesses and close up shots of the characters, ‘Vara…’ is an exploration of the human form. “I am not much into Hindi film songs, but I am a fan of AR Rahman. I wrote to him and also to Shankar Mahadevan. I love his (Mahadevan’s) track ‘Breathless’ and he agreed to write me a song,” says Norbu, who got hooked to cinema after watching moving images shot at an Indian railway station and then, Man with the Golden Gun in London.
For Norbu, cinema is a powerful and important medium, and if used well, can deliver equally powerful and important messages. “For instance, ‘Vara…’ deals with the vast Indian culture, devotion, Bharatanatyam, caste, and Krishna. As a filmmaker, I like doing something different, and it also means being open to learning and failure, and to be disciplined,” he adds.
His dream project, a film on the life of Buddha, admits Norbu, will take some time. “That is going to be a disaster for sure, as it will be a big budget film,” he says. But meanwhile, he is keeping his eyes focused on making a low-budget film that looks at the power of anonymity. “I continued…

Narendra Modi begins Varanasi visit  says he is a sevakPrime Minister Narendra Modi during foundation stone laying ceremony of a trade facilitation centre for weavers in Varanasi on Friday. Minister of State for Textiles, Santosh Kumar Gangwar is also seen. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Lalmani Verma | Varanasi | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:59 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 10:28 pm
Calling for an end to the practice of female foeticide and urging people not to depend on the government for resolving all problems, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said “those who look upon the girl child as a liability should think how will mankind survive if we are left in a world with no women”.
“If we kill the girl child in the mother’s womb, how will this world function? If in a village only 800 girls are born against 1,000 boys, then 200 boys will remain unmarried. What will happen to the village, what will happen to this world? Should the government alone be fixing this problem?” Modi told the people of Jayapur, a village he adopted in his parliamentary constituency of Varanasi.
“At times, I tell the poor to celebrate the birth of a daughter. In some families, fights break out if a girl is born. The poor daughter-in-law is at the receiving end… A daughter is the incarnation of goddess Lakshmi, so we should take pride when she arrives.”
Asking villagers to celebrate the birthday of the village to let the sense of attachment grow, Modi suggested that they plant at least five saplings in a corner of their field if a girl is born. “When the daughter is 20 years old, the trees will also be as old. And when she has to be married, the trees can be sold to meet the wedding expenses,” he said.
Speaking on issues ranging from potholed roads to crumbling social structure, the Prime Minister regretted that the condition of villages had not improved in the last 60 years. Blaming policies made in Delhi and Lucknow, he said  “big people” made such big talk that these could not be executed on the ground. “Our people need to give up the mindset that the government is the doer and they are only beneficiaries. The Adarsh Gram Yojana is an effort in that direction. It aims to empower villagers and provide them with opportunities to exercise these choices,” he said.
Recalling his meeting with top bureaucrats over tea during Diwali, he said he told them to spend a few days in the place of their first posting to see if conditions of these places had improved while they rose to such high positions. “I want to bring about a awakening so that those moving ahead in life should see to it that those who have played a role in their rise should also progress.”
The Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana, he said, will help MPs and officials understand the needs of villages. “I have not adopted this village as MP but this village has adopted me… The MPs are not doing any favour by adopting a village under this scheme, the villages are doing a favour by adopting them, and it is matter of pride.”
Referring to a report which said 40 per cent of children died young in a neighbouring country because they did not wash their hands before eating, Modi said villagers should pledge that they will not let their children eat without washing hands.
Speaking in Varanasi, where he laid the foundation stone of a trade facilitation centre and craft museum and inaugurated a powerloom service centre, Modi asked weavers to use technology to step up production of Banarasi sarees, improve the quality of work and design to cater to the needs of an assured market since there was going to be a demand for at least 20 crore Banarasi sarees.
He said every Indian family wants to gift at least one Banarasi saree to a daughter on her marriage and more than 20 crore girls would be getting married in the next few years. “Do you realise that such a huge consumer market is waiting for you in the country? That is an assured market. But you are doing your work normally as you have been doing for a long time. You need to increase production to fulfill the demand and keep your customer base intact.” He said Banarasi sarees were known worldwide and there is a Banaras Street in Boston.
He asked weavers to go for e-commerce, advanced technology to compete in the global market. Modi said his government was working on the manufacture of advanced machines for weavers and improvement of skills. “There is need for drastic change in this sector.And that is beginning from Varanasi today.”
He said his government had announced a package of Rs 2,375 crore to revive banks which had closed because of scams and financial losses. “There are 16 such banks in eastern UP districts including Varanasi that will get benefit from that package. You will all benefit from these banks,” Modi said.
 

Junagadh to pay befitting tribute to Sardar Patel on LiberationDayNawab Mohabat Khan III, the last Nawab of Junagadh
By: Express News Service | Rajkot | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:57 am
Unlike the usual poojan of Victory Tower and firework display at night, the Junagadh Liberation Day will be a day-long affair this Sunday featuring rally, and ceremonies to launch public projects worth more than Rs 30 crore as well as felicitation of those who fought under the leadership of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel to oust the then Nawab of Junagadh.
“Sardar led the fight against the Arzi Hukumat (government in exile ) of the Nawab and liberated Junagadh. Coincidentally, state and Central governments are also in the process of paying grand tribute to the Iron Man of India by building his 182-metre high statue, called the Statue of Unity. So, the celebrations to mark the 68th Liberation Day of Junagadh will apparently bear a Sardar signature,” Jitendra Hirapara, mayor of Junagadh said on Thursday.
Incidentally, the BJP had captured power from Congress in the Junagadh Municipal Corporation (JMC) after winning civic elections this July. The proposed Statue of Unity is a pet project of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who had initiated it during his days as chief minister of Gujarat. The statue is proposed to come up on an island in Narmada river, downstream the Narmada dam in Narmada district. The state government recently issued work order for the around Rs 3,000 crore project.
As is customary, the celebrations will begin with poojan (worshipping) of Victory Tower on the ground of Bahauddin College in Junagadh. It was here that Sardar Patel had addressed the first public meeting after the Nawab escaped to Pakistan and Junagadh was liberated on November 9, 1947.
“The poojan will follow a public meeting where completed development works will be dedicated to the public while foundation stones of others will be laid. A similar programme will also be organised in the evening. These projects are worth Rs 30 crore approximately,” Hirapara further said.
Chairman of the standing committee of JMC, Sanjay Koradiya said foundation stones will be laid for development of the historic Damodar Kund and Narsinh Mehta Choro at the cost of Rs 7 crore and Rs 4 crore respectively. “Besides, a LED lighting project on the road from Majewadi Gate to Bhavnath Taleti and 24 newly installed high-mast lighting towers will be dedicated to the public. Newly built urban health centre and a community hall will also be dedicated to the public. By these programmes, we have sought to join public welfare projects with the Liberation Day celebrations,”said Koradiya.
The twin ceremonies will be followed by a public rally to raise awareness about cleanliness under the banner of “Liberated Junagadh, Clean Junagadh”. It will begin from Sardar Patel statue in Kalva Chowk and end at Bahauddin College ground where fireworks will be displayed. Around 12 persons who fought the rule of Nawab will also be felicitated before a musical evening, Koradiya further said.
The Congress-ruled JMC used to mark the day by poojan of the continued…

Raphel  ex-US diplomat  under criminal inves...Department of State
(The department said it is…)
WASHINGTON: A former veteran US diplomat and expert on Pakistan is the subject of a federal investigation and had her security clearance revoked last month, the State Department said Thursday.
The department said it is cooperating with a law enforcement probe into Robin Raphel , a one-time ambassador to Tunisia and most recently a senior adviser on civilian aid to Pakistan. Spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Raphel's employment technically ended Nov. 2, but that her clearance was pulled in October, effectively ending her employment.
"We are aware of this law enforcement matter," Psaki said. "The State Department has been cooperating with our law enforcement colleagues on this matter. Ms. Raphel's appointment expired; she is no longer a State Department employee."
The FBI declined to comment on the investigation and its exact nature was not immediately clear. But The Washington Post, which first reported the probe, said it was related to counterterrorism and that Raphel's home in Washington had been searched on Oct. 21, although she has not been charged.
Raphel, who was ambassador to Tunisia and then assistant secretary of state for South Asian affairs during the Clinton administration, had retired from the diplomatic corps in 2005 after 30 years of service, but was hired as a contractor in 2009 by the US Embassy in Islamabad to oversee development aid and civilian assistance to Pakistan. Two years later, she returned to Washington and was working until last month in the office of the US Special Representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan at the State Department.
Her hiring by the embassy in Pakistan had raised some eyebrows because after her retirement from the foreign service she had worked for Cassidy and Associates, which lobbied on behalf of the Pakistani government. Raphel's connections to Pakistan are deep as her late former husband, Arnold Raphel, served as ambassador in Islamabad. Arnold Raphel was killed in a mysterious 1988 plane crash that also claimed the life of then-Pakistani President Muhammad Zia ul-Haq.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex in red  Nifty tests 8 300; DLF surges 5%: top 12 stock betsSensex slips over 100 points, Nifty tests 8300; top twelve stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 7, 2014, 11.26AM IST
Tags:
AstraZeneca
(50-share Nifty index came…)
NEW DELHI: After starting on a muted note, the S&P BSE Sensex slipped over 130 points in trade on Friday, led by losses in HDFC Bank, L&T, SBI, ITC and M&M.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under bit of pressure and was trading near its crucial psychological support level of 8300, weighed down by losses in banks, metals, oil & gas and capital goods stocks .
At 11:25 am, the Sensex was at 27,826.39; down 89.49 points.
The Nifty was at 8,319.15; down 19.15 points.
"We maintain our view that the trend is strongly bullish and we continue to mention the near term targets of 8450 - 8550 levels, which is the 127% 'Price Extension' zone," said Angel Broking note.
"Last two day's movement can be considered as a breather before the next leap. 8300 - 8250 are likely to act as important support levels for the Nifty," the report added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was 0.40 per cent higher and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.67 per cent.
The S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 0.86 per cent, the S&P BSE Auto Index rose 0.31 per cent and the S&P BSE FMCG Index advanced 0.35 per cent.
The S&P BSE Healthcare Index declined 0.39 per cent and the S&P BSE Oil & gas Index was 0.19 per cent lower.
DLF (up 3.27 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 1.52 per cent), HCL Tech (up 0.92 per cent), Axis Bank (up 0.88 per cent) and L&T (up 0.85 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Hero MotoCorp (2.78 per cent), Sun Pharma (2.75 per cent), NMDC (1.38 per cent), M&M (1.19 per cent) and HDFC Bank (0.98 per cent) were among the major losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 817 gainers against 496 losers.
The Asian markets were in the green following a positive close on the Wall Street. Japan's Nikkei 225 index was up 0.35 per cent, Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was 0.10 per cent higher, Shanghai Composite moved 0.59 per cent higher and Taiwan Weighted moved up 0.29 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Financial Technologies gains 3% on exiting IEXFinancial Technologies gains over 3% on exiting IEX
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 7, 2014, 10.15AM IST
Tags:
Commission
(The Central Electricity…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Financial Technologies (FTIL) gained over 3 per cent after Jignesh Shah led company willfully exited Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) by selling its entire 25 per cent stake to a clutch of investors, including TVS Shriram Growth Fund.
The stake sale is likely to fetch a little over 570 crores.
FTIL said the company had entered into a share purchase agreement with TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1, Kris S Gopalakrishnan, Lakshmi Narayanan, Rajeev Gupta, Dalmia Cement Bharat Power Ventures, Kiran Vyapar Ltd , TVS Capital Funds and Agri Power and Engineering Solutions for stake sale.
The Central Electricity Regulatory Commission had ordered FTIL to sell its stake after it was declared not 'fit and proper' to hold stakes in exchanges.
"The said transaction is subject to fulfillment of certain condition precedents including buyout of the application software and other technology for its own use only by IEX and regulatory approvals, if any. As per the SPA, the transaction will close within 30 days, unless extended by all the parties," FTIL said in a filing to stock exchanges.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 184.10, up 2.51 per cent, on the BSE. It gained 3.59 per cent to touch a high of Rs 186.05 intraday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

L&T results today; top factors to watch out forYou are here: Home > Collections
Here's what investors should expect from L&T Q2 results due on Friday
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 6, 2014, 02.22PM IST
Tags:
L&T
(India's largest engineering…)
NEW DELHI: Larsen & Toubro Ltd (L&T) is scheduled to report its results for the quarter ended September 30 on Friday.
India's largest engineering and construction company is expected to report a 14 per cent YoY growth in standalone net profit number to Rs 984 crore for the quarter ended September 30, as compared to Rs 865 crore reported in the year-ago period, said an ET Now Poll.
The company did not report consolidated numbers last year so there is no year-on-year comparison available.
On a standalone basis, net sales are likely to grow by 12 per cent to Rs 13,731 crore for the second quarter of the current fiscal year, as compared to Rs 12,308 crore reported in the year-ago period.
EBIDTA is seen at Rs 1,500 crore, or a 26 per cent rise in the second quarter of the financial year 2015, compared to Rs 1,190 crore reported in the year ago period. EBITDA margins are likely to expand to 10.9 per cent as compared to 9.7 per cent reported in the year ago period.
Factors to Watch:
Expect Rs 35,000 crore of order inflow for Q2 L&T announced Rs 21,500 cr of orders in Q2 Hydrocarbons, Forgings, and Shipyard losses are likely to impact consolidated results Higher expenses, finance costs, high tax rates will impact PAT
Guidance:
20 per cent of order inflow for FY15 15 per cent revenue growth guidance for FY15
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s real GDP has doubled over the past 10 years: top 11 consumer stocks to bet onYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Consumer stocks to ride GDP wave
ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 12.53PM IST
Tags:
CAGR
(Following the changed political…)
India's real GDP has doubled in the past decade from $700 billion to $1.4 trillion in 2013, and per capita GDP has increased from $650 to $1,200 over the same period.
Following the changed political scenario this year, expectations have risen that the country could again double its GDP over the next decade, said Barclays, in its report.
India is also one of the 40 countries to have crossed the $1,000/capita GDP threshold in the past 50 years. India's GDP growth rate, at 7.6% CAGR , over the past decade is also in the 90th percentile among nearly 200 countries. Barclays believes consumer-oriented sectors such as auto, telecom, private sector banks would benefit first from a cyclical economic recovery, before it percolates down to asset-heavy industries like materials and utilities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: Narendra Modi visits Varanasiinterior policy
An MP does not adopt a village, a village adopts an MP, the Prime MInister said in his speech in Jayapur on Friday.
17:47: Mr. Modi said "People blessed us in Haryana, Maharashtra. They will bless us in J&K and Jharkhand too."
17:45: After the Jan Dhan Yojana was started, 1 crore bank accounts open every week, says Mr. Modi.
17:41: The government has decided that all the people receiving pensions will not receive less than Rs 1000 each, says Mr. Modi
17:40: People of UP have special contribution in providing stability to the nation through full mandate. says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
17: 27:In the last 30 years, a government formed by majority given to a single alliance was never formed in India: Modi
17: 26: It's my 1st opportunity to meet party workers after polls,It is your hard work that I've got chance to become public representative: Modi
17:25: Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses about 16,000 BJP booth workers in DLW ground in Varanasi.
12.49: Prime Minister Narendra Modi concludes his address in Jayapur, the village he has adopted now.
12.48: I assure you, that we will all develop a new Jayapur together in the truest sense: PM
12.48: I am not born to talk about big things. It is through small things that I intend to do big things: PM Modi
12.44: Do we need the govt to tell us to get our children vaccinated for Polio? Can't our youth take on this responsibility?, asks Mr. Modi
12.41:When a girl is born in the family, we must celebrate it as a festival. Can our Jayapur begin this festival to welcome our daughter? asks PM
12.39: Let us decide that no child will eat without washing hands in our village. Do we need any govt to do this?, asks Mr. Modi
12.38: Those who have left the village for studies or jobs must come back to celebrate the birthday of their village: PM
12.38: When everybody will celebrate the birthday of a village, it will also end the caste system: PM
12.38: We will celebrate the birthday of our village every year: PM at Jayapur
12.37: If we can't find out when Jayapur was officially recognised as a village, we should choose a date, celebrate its birthday: Mr. Modi
12.37: People should not rely on schemes alone for the development of villages, they should also take initiatives: PM
12.37: People think Modiji is coming to the village now it will be clean, is this right? Can't we work for cleanliness of our village on our own?, asks Mr. Modi
12.35: Being MP, CM, PM we can go anywhere but what we learn from villages in unparalleled: PM
12.34: People should not rely on schemes alone for the development of villages, they should also take initiatives: PM
12.32: I want to create a mentality to work for development of people who have helped us move forward: PM
12.31: An MP does not adopt a village. A village adopts an MP: PM
12.31: Jayapur took special place in my heart long time ago. All other tales being told are false. I myself did not know about them: PM
12.30: The Prime Minister launches several veiled attacks on Akhilesh Yadav govt through references to 'potholes', roads.
12.27: I am reading a lot on why Jayapur was chosen. I selected this village for a very small reason. I want to share it with you: PM
12.27: I can't learn things by sitting with babus, need the experience of villagers: PM
12.26: It is not that I have adopted Jayapur. I have come here with a request to you to adopt me and teach me a lot: PM
12.25 Jayapur was the first village that I had heard of in Varanasi, that too when tragedy struck the village. Therefore have adopted it: Modi
12.24: It's a privilege to associate with Jayapur village. I am not adopting Jayapur but I request you to adopt your MP: Modi
12.21: We have introduced Sansad Adarsh gram Yojana scheme for MPs, even I had to take responsibility as part of this: PM
12.20: When BJP announced me as Lok Sabha candidate from Banaras, after few moments I got news that 5 people were killed in a fire in Jayapur: PM
12.19 PM Narendra Modi reaches Jayapur village in Varanasi. Starts his address.
Prime Minster Narendra Modi took a helicopter to reach Jayapur village.
11.29: PM Narendra Modi ends his speech
11.29: I am here today and tomorrow. Will meet a lot of people, talk to them: PM
11.29: You have instilled faith in me, given me love. I assure you that I am for you. Will dedicate all my efforts for development work here: PM
11.28: Eastern UP needs rapid development, govt to revive ailing banks. Development cannot be confined to Western India alone: PM
11.28: We should rise above politics and help in financial growth of the region: PM
11.28: We have dedicated ourselves to developing the eastern parts of the nation: PM
11.28: If India has to develop only one region can't develop. The eastern part must develop rapidly: PM
11.28: Modi: Usual for netas to forget poll promises, but I am here because of your love, says Mr. Modi
11.27: This centre is outside Kashi. We wanted it to be near the city but we could not get the desired land so have come slightly away from city: PM
11.26: Will talk less on improving Banaras, my responsibility is to do things, before doing, won’t indulge in big talks: PM
11.25: 20 crore girls will get married in the next few years, which means that many Banarasi sarees will be needed: PM
The crowd that attended Narendra Modi's speech in Varanasi.
11.24: Funds to improve textiles sector to be disbursed via PM Jan-Dhan Yojana, says Mr. Modi
11.23 Every household has a market for Banarasi saree: PM Modi
11.21: Trade facilitation centre to be set up to promote Banarasi sarees, says Mr. Modi
11.20: Let us modify ourselves to match needs of global market to take textiles sector to new high: PM
11.19: Weavers should be given proper training. We want to work for this: PM
11.18: E-business is increasing. There are opportunities in the global market: PM. Read full story
11.17: We must seriously think how new generation can join textiles industry, not out of compulsion but because they take pride in this: PM
11.15: Addressing weavers in Varanasi, PM Narendra Modi talks about modernisation of the textile industry.
11.14: We need research towards technology up gradation. We have begun work in this direction. HRD is also important, says Mr.Modi
11.13 Just like the way weavers weave clothes, the textile sector weaves together all the sections of our society: PM Modi
11.10: Textiles sector should be improved with a comprehensive vision, only providing funds will not help: PM
11.08: This sector gives employment to poorest of the poor.All sections of society are integrated in this sector, says Mr. Modi
11.07: After agriculture, if there is a sector generating maximum employment it is textiles: PM
11.06: I am here as your Sevak, am going to be with you in times of happiness and sadness: PM
11.05: Varanasi has a very special place in my heart. Varanasi has made me their own. I am here in the midst of my own. The joy is different: PM
11.00: Prime Minister Narendra Modi starts speaking
10.57: For a long time we were losing interest in textile sector but we are working to change that. Textile parks,investment announced, Mr. Gangwar said.
10.56: The presence of PM is very encouraging. The PM is turning into reality everything that he talked about before the elections, says Mr. Gangwar
10.55: Union Minister Santosh Gangwar starts speaking
10.53: The PM, U.P. Governor Shri Ram Naik, Minister Shri Santosh Gangwar and other dignitaries have arrived on the dais
PM Shri @narendramodi at an exhibition of handloom and handicrafts at Varanasi pic.twitter.com/GIP9jNjc3C
— PIB India (@PIB_India) November 7, 2014
Watch the Live feed here:
10.50: During his tour, the Prime Minister is likely to lay the foundation stone of a trade facilitation centre and a crafts museum, announcement for which was made in the first general budget presented by his government in June this year.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being received by Governor and Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh on his arrival in Varanasi.
PM Shri @narendramodi being received by Governor and Chief Minister of UP on his arrival in Varanasi pic.twitter.com/cAehEdAykW
— PIB India (@PIB_India) November 7, 2014
10.20: Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaches Varanasi.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be visiting Varanasi on Friday and is likely to adopt a village under his "Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana". This is Mr. Modi's first visit to his constituency after assuming office.
Modi-Varanasi connection

Sensex Falls 100 Points  Nifty Hovers Near 8 300You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Fall; Banks Lead Losses
NDTV | Updated On: November 07, 2014 10:57 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
BSE Sensex and Nifty came under some pressure today after hitting record highs in the previous four sessions. Profit-taking was seen in banking, oil & gas and capital goods stocks. Weak Asian markets also weighed on the sentiment.
The Sensex fell over 150 points to hit at 27,739 at day's low. Nifty also slipped below the 8300 levels.
Market analyst Sarvendra Srivastava says Nifty is likely to trade in the 8200-8350 range in the near term.
Banking stocks came under some pressure today after their outperformance in the recent rally. SBI, Kotak Mahindra Bank and PNB were down nearly 1.5 per cent. HDFC Bank fell 1.4 per cent after a rejig in the MSCI India Index.
Bank of Baroda fell 1.75 per cent after the lender reported a sequential rise in its net non-performing assets in the second quarter.
Hero MotoCorp fell 2.5 per cent after reports said that US private investment firm Bain Capital is selling $200 million worth of shares of the two-wheeler manufacturer at a discount to the previous closing price.
Among market heavyweights, RIL and L&T were down nearly 0.7 per cent.
Some buying was seen in IT stocks after Cognizant forecast revenue above estimates. Infosys and Tech Mahindra rose 0.7 per cent.
DLF, up 4.7 per cent, was the biggest gainer among Nifty stocks after the Securities Appellate Tribunal on Wednesday allowed the real estate developer to redeem Rs 1,806 crore in mutual fund investments.
At 11 am, Sensex was down 90 points to 27,825 while Nifty fell 22 points to 8,316.25.
Asian shares wobbled in early trading on Friday, while the euro wallowed around two-year lows after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi vowed to take more easing steps to spark growth in the euro zone.
Investors were likely to remain cautious ahead of the key US nonfarm payrolls report later in the session. Solid gains in employment would increase speculation that the US Federal Reserve could raise US interest rates in the middle of next year.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down about 0.1 per cent in early trading, while Japan's Nikkei stock average rose 0.6 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
 

HDFC Bank Falls  Zee Entertainment Gains on MSCI RejigYou are here: Home Market
HDFC Bank Falls, Zee Entertainment Gains on MSCI Rejig
NDTV | Updated On: November 07, 2014 13:01 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Shares in HDFC Bank fell nearly 2 per cent to a day low of Rs 898.50 on Friday as the MSCI removed the stock from its MSCI India index.
HDFC Bank had a weightage of 1.9 per cent in the MSCI India index. MSCI in its earlier review has said HDFC Bank will be excluded from the MSCI India index if FII (Foreign Institutional Investors) limit issue is not resolved before November 2014.
HDFC Bank had sought Foreign Investment Promotion Board's (FIPB) approval to increase the foreign shareholding in the company to 74 per cent, which has been pending since last year.
The other stocks which had been excluded from the MSCI India index are Reliance Capital, Reliance Power, Jaiprakash Associates. All these stocks were down between 0.5 per cent to 2 per cent.
MSCI has added Zee Entertainment and Motherson Sumi Systems to the MSCI India index, which was up 2.5 per cent and 2 per cent respectively.
All the above changes to the MSCI India will be effective from November 25, 2014.
The stocks which had been added to the MSCI India index are likely to witness buying from passive foreign funds which track the return of the MSCI India index. Likewise the stocks which had been excluded from the index are likely to witness selling from passive funds.
Story first published on: November 07, 2014 13:01 (IST)

They Thought This Photo Would Capture Their Last Moments. Now It s A Reminder Of What They Survived.Typhoon Haiyan Survivors Look Back On Near-Death Family Photo
 | By                                                                TERESA CEROJANO
Updated:
11/06/2014  3:59 pm EST
David Saavedra shows a group selfie photo with his younger sister Veronica, center, and mother at his office at the financial district of Makati, south of Manila, Philippines. | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
TANAUAN, Philippines (AP) — The Saavedras waited for death as Typhoon Haiyan tore at their roof, knocked down walls and unleashed torrents of seawater below them. All they could do was pray, say "I love you" one last time and take a picture.
David Saavedra raised his cellphone in the chaos to snap a group selfie to record their final moments. He took it for his eldest sister in Manila, hoping to show that at the end, her family was together — even serene.
That explains his smile, incongruous against the wind-ripped scene and the terror-stricken faces of his younger sister, Veronica, and their mother.
The picture was intended to go on top of David's coffin, but instead it is a reminder of the family's immense luck, and of the obligation they feel to help neighbors who weren't nearly as fortunate when the massive typhoon hit Nov. 8, 2013.
More than 7,300 people died or went missing when Haiyan slammed the central Philippines, including the Saavedras' laidback farming town of Tanauan, as one of the most ferocious typhoons ever to hit land. The monster storm displaced about 4 million people and turned a large swath of densely populated regions into a wasteland.
"I said 'I love you' to my parents because I felt at that time that it was our last day alive," Veronica Saavedra said in an interview in the family's old house, now partially cleaned up and repaired. "I was so afraid I was trembling and I said, 'Lord, if this is my last day, forgive me for everything.'"
Veronica Saavedra stands outside their damaged house in Tanauan, Leyte province, central Philippines on Oct. 11, 2014.
The 21-year-old college student said even while praying, she was terrified by the loud hissing of the wind, and memories of the rising water hounded her sleep for months.
The Saavedras — David, Veronica, their brother JR, their mother and their father — all survived. Three other siblings were in Manila, and one was in Kuwait.
Many other families had much different fates. In a nearby village, all but two members of a 45-member clan are buried in a mass grave.
When the rain and wind finally subsided hours after the storm hit, David, a 26-year-old accountant, left the cramped hallway on the second floor of the wood-and-concrete home where he and his family were huddled while hell broke loose. He saw bodies floating on the street outside. The next-door neighbors were drenched and shuddering on the second floor of their house, its walls gone. One paraplegic neighbor was clinging to a post near the roof of his house. Others were crying, many in shock.
"In just one click, everything can be snatched from you," David said, tears welling in his eyes. "But the feeling that you are still alive after that is really overwhelming."
For four days the family lived on 2 kilograms (4 pounds) of fish and pork that they found inside their refrigerator that floated in the flood; its door luckily remained shut. A stack of soda in their mother's small store quenched their thirst.
David Saavedra, bottom left, takes a group selfie with his family during their regular reunion in suburban Makati, south of Manila, Philippines.
At the same time, David and Veronica's sister Sarah Songalia was in anguish in Manila, where she owns an accounting firm. There was no news from her hometown for three days, with telephone and power lines down and roads blocked by debris.
"I said, 'Lord, just keep them all alive. I will do everything so our town can rise again,'" said Songalia, the eldest of the family's seven children.
With no news coming their way, Songalia and her officemates put up a Facebook community page in hopes that people from her hometown could send updates. They and other volunteers gathered relief supplies, turning Songalia's office in the heart of the Makati financial district into a relief operations center.
Her family was able to board a bus and reach Manila five days after the typhoon. They have since relocated closer to Songalia, and have helped her with the relief effort. Only Veronica is still living in their home province of Leyte — she's staying with relatives in Tacloban, the provincial capital — but their parents plan to move back when the father retires in two years.
The nonprofit group Songalia founded, Burublig Para Ha Tanauan, has started projects to help villagers recover, powered by volunteers.
The projects include distributing boats to fishermen who lost their vessels and training women to sew hospital scrubs and school uniforms. Drivers who lost vehicles known as tricycles — actually bicycles with canopied sidecars — have been given replacements.
Veronica Saavedra, left, and sister Sarah Songalia walk inside their damaged house in Tanauan, Leyte province, central Philippines.
Residents are organized into cooperatives. They get the equipment they need on an operate-to-own basis, paying back the cost in installments.
One of the new boat owners is Gerardo Barcilla, who now can earn 400 pesos to 1,000 pesos ($9-$22) a day from his catch of fish and crabs. The 47-year-old fisherman lost his home, his boat and his 19-year-old son, one of five children, to Haiyan.
He and his son had taken shelter in a school, but the storm surge swamped the building. The pair clung to a beam. Barcilla held on as another wave pounded over him, but when he surfaced, his son was gone. He remains missing, and his father still holds out hope that he might be alive.
Barcilla said the boat has given him hope: "I was able to start again through this."
"I think I will pull through, but I will never forget the past," he said, wiping away tears from his sunburnt face.
More:

Kissinger: Putin Is Not Stalinreddit
The growing conflict between the West and Russia today is not the same as that during the Cold War, Henry Kissinger told the Council on Foreign Relations in New York this week at a symposium marking the 25th Anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Nevertheless, the former secretary of state, who at 91 remains a strong and influential voice in the foreign policy arena, said, "I am very distressed by the situation that is evolving, which is bringing neither peace to the Ukraine, nor stability to the international system."
Asked if he saw a parallel between Stalin and Putin, Kissinger responded, "Actually, no. . . I don't think Putin believes that the system of government in Russia is inherently incompatible with the system of government in the West. He feels deeply aggrieved by Western actions and he reacts in a manner that Peter the Great would have understood. It's brutal. But I do not think we face the same phenomenon" as the Cold War.
Kissinger, who was also national security adviser to President Richard Nixon, faults the West, in part, for the Ukraine conflict: "The situation that arose. . . evolved over a period of months, in which I think that the Western side did not fully understand the implications of what was brewing, and did not use the opportunities that might have been available to talk about the fundamental problem, which is the long term relationship of Russia to the West."
Nevertheless, he said, the international community cannot "accept the proposition that a country can simply slice off a part of another country. Simply annexing a part of a territory is against the international system as we perceive it."
Russia orchestrated the separation of Crimea, a peninsula that juts into the Black Sea, from Ukraine earlier this year. Western governments accuse Russia of continuing to destabilize eastern Ukraine by supporting separatist groups fighting against Kiev. A few days ago, Ukrainian separatists held elections in the breakaway eastern republics of Donetsk and Luhansk, with pro-Russia leaders scoring "landslide" victories. The Obama administration condemned the elections as illegitimate and said they threatened a fragile ceasefire.
Russia, on the other hand, celebrated the election, calling it an expression of "the will of the people of southeast" Ukraine.
DOUBTS ABOUT SANCTIONS
On the issue of sanctions against Russia as a result of the Ukraine crisis, Kissinger made a distinction with the sanctions on Iran. The increasingly tight sanctions against Iran have been reasonably successful, he said, because the United States was able to rally the entire international community around the effort and because the sanctions targeted the nuclear industry as a whole. The sanctions imposed against Russian individuals surrounding Putin are another matter.
"I am very uneasy about this concept. . ." he said. "It is a bad system for international relations. . . What kind of international system do you have if every country goes around punishing individuals in other countries?. . . I would try to use some other method to make clear our extreme displeasure" to Russia over Ukraine.
Close

Call rate rises 21 bps to 7.88%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US markets closed up on ECB comments  economic dataThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian plane hits stray buffalo during take-offThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Manohar Parrikar to resign as Goa CM tomorrowThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bain Capital raises $400 m by selling shares in Hero MotoCorpThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Crude palm oil futures gain 0.47% on pick-up in demandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BOI  Bank of Baroda  SBI top picks from PSU banking space: Mayuresh JoshiHi Guest
BOI, Bank of Baroda, SBI top picks from PSU banking space: Mayuresh Joshi
In a chat with ET Now, Mayuresh Joshi, VP, Institution, Angel Broking, shares his views on the banking space. Excerpts: ET Now: Now that most of the earnings are out and the PSUs on expected lines have been the most unfortunate of the lot in terms of the ...

Setback to Ranbaxy as FDA revokes approval to 2 drugsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dr Reddy s gets FDA approval to launch antiviral drugThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hi rp sir i am avoiding those who have heavy debt on their b/s. please...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Younger brother of lakshmi mittal  vinod kumar mittal is appointed as ...New Member
2 Followers
hmm! Book value increase.. read about it but don`t know how to check its value over time. Thanks for your look. I got into it recently based on steady quarter and peers high PE. Pledged shares etc are not big but EV/EBITDA etc are very small compared to its peer (greenply etc). Interest coverage is also ok. So, I think it is still very low in valuation. Also, steady quarter result in past (even in bad economy) provides security about its future gain. Hope it has not run out of capacity. This is the only thing bothering me. I think Sunidhi sec has reported 120 as target some time back(mentioned in this website).
In reply to : yash_1213 message
1.31 PM Nov 7th

Bhai mere. kal hi rane ne bombay se gujarati ko maar kar bhagane ka el...1329 Followers
One opinion from PMO INDIA PAGE.
I am no fan of any one and I don`t belong to any political party.
My perception from outside India as I see it is
that
PM Narender Modi is not an individual .
He is a revolution in himself who has awakened the mases and instilled new hope in them .
No wonder he was given ABSOLUTE MAJORITY by the people of India, an impossible task in itself.
Considewring his statements and approach after his becoming PM, I am of the opinion that he is really really worthy of leading the nation to its desired destination that it always deserved.
Pls excuse me for occupying this place to write what I think.
Have a lovely day and don`t forget to do UR duty as a long term investor in earlier SATYAm,then MAHINDRA SATYAM AND NOW TECH MAHINDRA.TO get justice.
Like · Reply · 1 · Yesterday at 4:02pm
..

Lichsgfin [fut] :: safe traders play buy side on dips... william targe...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

SpiceJet plane hits stray buffalo during take-offSpiceJet plane hits stray buffalo during take-off
Reuters
Tweet
NEW DELHI, Nov 7:  
A SpiceJet airliner crashed into a stray buffalo during take-off from Surat although no passengers or crew were hurt, the plane's operator said on Friday.
The airline was forced to ground the Boeing 737 which suffered "substantial damages", it said.
SpiceJet said the buffalo, which was killed in the accident on Thursday evening, was "essentially invisible" against a dark background. Passengers on the Delhi-bound aircraft were transferred on to another plane, SpiceJet said.
"Stray animals are a growing menace in some airports," SpiceJet said in a statement.
"This incident has affected our regular operations and hence SpiceJet flights from Surat will now be suspended after this incident."
Poorly maintained fences at some airports mean animals can stray onto runways.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

PM likely to announce mega projects for VaranasiGovt working towards modernising textile sector, says PM
Aditi Nigam
Modi lays foundation stone for trade facilitation centre, crafts museum in Varanasi
New Delhi, Nov 7:  
On his first visit to Varanasi, his constituency, Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a strong pitch for re-establishing the district’s traditional textile industry and placing it on the global map.
Modi said that the Government was working towards revitalising the textile sector through a scientific approach, coupled with infusion of appropriate technology.
The Prime Minister, who is on a two-day visit to Varanasi, was speaking on Friday after laying the foundation stone of the Trade Facilitation Centre and Crafts Museum, and inaugurating the Powerloom Service Centre, according to an official release.
Calling upon the textile industry to adapt to the changing demands and needs of customers and create new products, he said the Centre would encapsulate the heritage of Varanasi at one place. Modi also called upon the people of Varanasi to use e-commerce and strategically tap the global market.
“Every mother wants to gift a Banarasi saree to her daughter for her wedding,” he said, adding that this gave an assured market of crores of sarees for Varanasi. “The requirement now is to meet this demand and satisfy the customer with modern design, products and service.”
Revival package for banks
He said the Government's recent decision for a Rs 2,375-crore revival package for district cooperative banks, of which 16 are in eastern Uttar Pradesh, would ensure easy availability of credit to the lower and middle-class and help revive the handloom and powerloom sectors.
Invoking the "Ganga-Jamuni tehzeeb" (symbolising communal harmony) as Varanasi's heritage, Modi said “textile workers weave not just cloth; but through the harmonious nature of their workplace, they also weave the fabric of a cohesive, harmonious society.”
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

President embarks on 2-day Bhutan visitPresident embarks on 2-day Bhutan visit
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 7:  
President Pranab Mukherjee today embarked on a two-day visit to Bhutan with an aim of further strengthening bilateral ties.
It is the first visit by any Indian head of state in 26 years, during which some agreements in education sector are likely to be signed.
During the visit, Mukherjee will meet the King of Bhutan, Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck, and the Prime Minister Tshering Tobgay, besides other leaders to help expand bilateral ties to a new level.
The President is accompanied by a high-level delegation comprising Minister of State for Railways Manoj Sinha, Members of Parliament Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, Anil Shirole, Mahendra Nath Pandey (all BJP) and Gaurav Gogoi (Congress), besides officials and representatives of a few educational and academic institutions.
Sources said as India is keen to revive the ancient Nalanda University, an agreement will be signed for seeking cooperation from Bhutan in this regard.
Mukherjee’s visit to Bhutan comes nearly five months after Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s trip to that country. It was Modi’s first foreign visit as Prime Minister.
The meetings of the President with the King of Bhutan and the Bhutanese Prime Minister, who will call on him, will provide an opportunity to discuss all issues of mutual interest and ways of further strengthening our close bilateral relations.
India shares a unique and special relationship with Bhutan nurtured by successive Kings of Bhutan and Indian leaders.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

Sensex sheds 63 points; metal  capital goods stocks lose shineSensex ends marginally in the red
Our Bureau/Agencies
Mumbai, Nov 7:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session marginally in the red amid firm European cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended down 47.25 points at 27,868.63 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty ended at 8,337, down 1.3 points.
Among BSE sectoral indices, metal index fell the most by 1.27 per cent, followed by capital goods 0.72 per cent, power 0.65 per cent and auto 0.46 per cent. On the other hand, realty and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 2.43 per cent and 2.28 per cent, respectively.
Dr Reddy's, Sun Pharma, Axis Bank, HUL and ONGC were the top five Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were BHEL, GAIL, SSLT, Hero MotoCorp and HDFC Bank.
European shares
European shares were steady on Friday morning, supported by positive corporate results from blue-chips, including ArcelorMittal, as investors awaited key US monthly jobs data.
At 0843 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was up 0.2 per cent at 1,354.26 points. The index has been stuck in a range over the past week, with strong corporate results offsetting weak European macro data.
"There's still no trend at the moment, this market is driven by short-term speculative positions mostly played by hedge funds," said Jean-Louis Cussac, head of Paris-based firm Perceval Finance.
"With the year coming to an end, a lot of fund managers are more concerned about protecting the gains made so far this year then to make fresh bets."
All eyes were on the US jobs data, due at 1330 GMT. A Reuters survey saw employers hiring new workers at a fairly brisk pace in October, underscoring the economy's resilience in the face of slowing global demand.
The survey forecast 231,000 new jobs were added during the month, after 248,000 in September. The unemployment rate was seen holding steady at a six-year low of 5.9 percent.
Around Europe, Britain's FTSE 100 index was up 0.5 per cent and Germany's DAX up 0.2 per cent, with France's CAC 40 flat.
Most Asian stocks rose, paring a weekly decline on the regional index, after a drop in American jobless claims bolstered optimism in the world’s largest economy before a government report on employment.
The euro wallowed around two-year lows after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi vowed to take more easing steps to spark growth in the euro zone.
Investors were likely to remain cautious ahead of the key US non-farm payrolls report. Solid gains in employment would increase speculation that the US Federal Reserve could raise interest rates in the middle of next year.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

VHP: Ram temple will be built at any costSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) leader Praveen Togadia today said that Ram temple in Ayodhya will be constructed at “any cost”.
“It is a matter of faith and honour for Hindus, the temple of Ram will be constructed in Ayodhya at any cost,” Togadia said.
He was in Ghaziabad to address a congregation of workers today.
The VHP leader also sought a complete ban on religious conversion.
TAGS: Ayodhya Praveen Togadia Ram Temple VHP Vishwa Hindu Parishad
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

OECD cuts growth forecast for India to 5.4 per centRevising its forecast downwards, Paris-based think tank OECD on Thursday projected 5.4 per cent growth for the Indian economy this year as global recovery continues at a moderate pace.
Earlier in September, it had projected 5.7 per cent growth rate for India.
“Growth will strengthen in India as investment picks up, from a 5.4 per cent rate in 2014 to 6.4 per cent in 2015 and 6.6 per cent in 2016,” according to the advanced G20 release of the OECD’s latest Economic Outlook.
OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurría said a number of business-friendly measures have been adopted over the past few months in India.
“Growth is strengthening in India,” he said.
OECD is a grouping of 34 countries.
India’s economic growth accelerated to 5.7 per cent in April-June quarter, much better than 4.7 per cent in the same quarter of previous fiscal.
Indian government expects growth in current fiscal to be between 5.4-5.9 per cent. The economy grew by sub-5 per cent in 2012-13 and 2013-14.
It said that the global economy remains stuck in low gear, but is expected to accelerate gradually if countries implement growth-supportive policies.
Widening differences across countries and regions are adding to the major risks on the horizon, it added.
“We have yet to achieve a broad-based, sustained global expansion, as investment, credit and international trade remain hesitant,” Gurría said while launching the Outlook in the run-up to the G20 Leaders’ Summit that will take place on 15-16 November in Brisbane.
Financial risks remain high and may increase market volatility in the coming period, he said adding there is an increasing risk of stagnation in the euro area.
“Countries must employ all monetary, fiscal and structural reform policies at their disposal to address these risks and support growth,” Gurría said.
Global GDP growth is projected to reach a 3.3 per cent rate in 2014 before accelerating to 3.7 per cent in 2015 and 3.9 per cent in 2016, according to the Outlook.
This pace is modest compared with the pre-crisis period and somewhat below the long-term average. It is also slightly lower than the last OECD forecast in September.
Among the major advanced economies, it said that recovery remains robust in the US, which is projected to grow by 2.2 per cent in 2014 and around 3 per cent in 2015 and 2016.
“Growth in the euro area is expected to pick up slowly, from 0.8 per cent in 2014 to 1.1 per cent in 2015 and 1.7 per cent in 2016,” it added.
It said China is rebalancing its economy while trying to achieve a controlled slowdown to more sustainable growth rates, and is projected to grow at around 7 per cent over the 2015-16 period, down slightly from 7.4 per cent in 2014.
TAGS: GDP India Economy Growth
More from economy

US stocks: Dow  S&P 500 hit records in volatile tradingFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
US stocks edged up in a volatile session on Thursday, with the Dow and S&P 500 hitting fresh record closing highs on an indication that the European Central Bank would take more policy action if needed to boost a struggling euro zone economy.
Major indexes fluctuated between positive and negative territory throughout the day. Cyclical shares, ones tied to the pace of economic growth, were among the strongest. But weak results from Qualcomm pressured chipmakers.
ECB President Mario Draghi indicated support for additional measures to bolster the euro zone economy if necessary and said the ECB governing council was unanimous in its commitment to using unconventional measures.
The defensive telecom and utilities  sectors were the weakest on the day, off 0.8 and 1.8 percent, respectively. Industrial shares rose 1.1 percent as the strongest sector of the day.
Draghi “brought more clarity but there’s still more to come out, and it isn’t healthy to focus on hopes for stimulus instead of fundamentals,” said Michael O’Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut.
Qualcomm Inc pressured the tech sector, slumping 8.6 percent to $70.58 a day after it said an antitrust investigation and problems collecting royalties could harm its business in China next year. Orbitz Worldwide  fell 9.2 percent to $7.70 following its results.
Genworth Financial plummeted 38.5 percent to $8.66 in heavy trading, its biggest one-day drop since November 2008 during the financial crisis. Tom McInerney, Genworth’s chief executive, said he was “very disappointed” by the results of its U.S. life insurance division.
Whole Foods Market Inc jumped 12.2 percent to $44.85 after its results beat expectations on Wednesday, boosted by gains in market share and new product launches.  The stock notched its biggest one-day advance since May 2013.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 69.94 points, or 0.4 percent, to 17,554.5, the S&P 500 gained 7.64 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,031.2 and the Nasdaq Composite  added 17.75 points, or 0.38 percent, to 4,638.47.
About 6 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 7.3 billion average for the last five sessions.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 1,730 to 1,327, for a 1.30-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,557 issues rose and 1,121 fell for a 1.39-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The benchmark S&P 500 index posted 72 new 52-week highs and three new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 118 new highs and 61 new lows.

FTSE steadies after gaining on Draghi s commentsFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Britain’s top share steadied in late trading on Thursday after surrendering earlier gains, with RSA leading insurers lower on weak premiums and drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline slipping after trading without the attraction of its latest dividend.
RSA fell 3.7 percent, the top faller in the blue-chip FTSE 100 index, after saying premiums had fallen this year because of soft markets and its focus on areas offering higher returns. Insurer Admiral dropped 2.6 percent.
The FTSE 100 was up 0.08 percent at 6,544.28 points by 1557 GMT, after rising up to 6,580.21 on European Central Bank President Mario Draghi’s comments that the governing Council was unanimous in its commitment to use additional unconventional instruments within its mandate as risks to the recovery remained skewed to the downside.
“Draghi’s comments on the ECB’s preparedness to stimulate the economy helped the market to climb higher initially, but some of those gains evaporated due to the lack of concrete details,” Tom Robertson, senior trader at Accendo Markets.
“However, his comments have reassured investors as the strategy has worked for the U.S. economy, which is back on track after the financial crisis.”
Weaker drugmakers also weighed on the index. Britain’s top drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline fell 2 percent, wiping 5.5 points off the blue-chip FTSE 100 index, of which about two-thirds of the points were lost because the stock went ex-dividend.
Glaxo was the biggest decliner in the UK pharmaceutical and biotechnology index, which fell 1.2 percent.
AstraZeneca, which saw off a $118 billion takeover bid from Pfizer in May, fell 1 percent after announcing third-quarter results. It raised 2014 sales forecast but some traders said its results would have needed to be quite dramatic to have boosted its shares.
“(AstraZeneca’s) third-quarter earnings per share have fallen, with investment into potential new blockbuster drugs still ongoing. Revenues in Europe have retreated, whilst the resumption of a progressive dividend policy has yet to be made,” Keith Bowman, analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown Stockbrokers, said.
However, the market was underpinned by a rally in retail stocks. The FTSE 350 food and drug retailers index  rose 3.8 percent, boosted by a 5.9 percent jump in WM Morrisons  after Britain’s No. 4 grocer reassured over its full-year outlook despite missing sales forecasts.
The stock remains down nearly 35 percent for the year, with traders saying that it was attractively valued, and any good news was likely to be seized upon.
“They were a miss but forward guidance looks pretty decent. On a valuation basis excluding any spinning off of property assets, they remain good value over the medium term,” Atif Latif, director of trading at Guardian Stockbrokers, said.
“If we can see evidence of stability and … increasing market share versus Lidl and Aldi, we still see upside price action from here.”
Fellow supermarkets Tesco and Sainsbury, which also have suffered from price competition with low-cost alternatives, rose 3.5 percent and 5.9 percent respectively.
Sainsbury’s showed off its answer to discounters Aldi and Lidl on Thursday with the opening of its first Netto-branded store, tasked to win over thrifty shoppers.
Marks & Spencer rose 6 percent, benefiting from a spate of upgrades from brokers and banks such as Goldman Sachs, UBS and Citigroup, building on a 9.7 percent rise on Wednesday after its own encouraging results.

Vale inaugurates $1.4bn Malaysia portVale inaugurates $1.4bn Malaysia port
Jeremy Grant and Samantha Pearson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84073b2e-6623-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

front page of the Financial TimesWarren Buffett admits Tesco investment ‘a huge mistake’
By John Aglionby and Andrea Felsted in London and Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/27963a92-4a36-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Moto E is a value for money buyE-mail
The Moto E is a dual SIM smartphone powered by 1.2Ghz dual core processor on low-end Snapdragon 200 chipset. Motorola has added 1GB of RAM for smooth performance. This budget phone from Motorola resembles the Moto G and Moto X a lot.
PHOTO: www.motorola.in/Moto-E

Unmanned US rocket Antares explodes during launchAn unmanned Antares rocket exploded seconds after liftoff from a commercial launch pad on Virginia's eastern seaboard on Tuesday, marking the first accident since NASA turned to private operators to deliver cargo to the International Space Station.
PHOTO: REUTERS/NASA TV/Handout

At 4.85 mm  Oppo R5 is the world s slimmest smartphone
Wagah blast: High alert on Indo-Pak border  20 suspects arrestedComments
High alert has been sounded along the India-Pakistan border a day after the suicide bomb attack at the Wagah checkpoint near Lahore, even as the death toll climbed to 61.
Relatives gather beside the covered bodies of victims who were killed in suicide bomb attack in Wagah border near Lahore. (Reuters Photo)
Border Security Force (BSF) chief DK Pathak said Monday the BSF had received some inputs a fortnight ago that terror groups may try to carry out a possible strike during the beating retreat ceremony, hosted by border guarding forces of both nations.
A home ministry official too said there were alarms about a possible strike.
"India's external intelligence agency, Research and Analysis Wing, had got intelligence inputs some 15 days back indicating that the flag-lowering might be targeted by the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan," he said on condition of anonymity.
Every day before sunset, soldiers from Pakistan and India gather at Wagah, the only road border crossing between Amritsar and Lahore, to simultaneously lower the two nations' flags.
Twenty people have been arrested over Sunday's bombing  which took place 500 metres from the border on the Pakistani side  at 6.12pm. Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among the 61 dead.
Watch: India beefs up security post blast
No Indian troops were hurt but the blast left windows and doors of the BSF post shaking. Most of the people who died in the blast were returning from the ceremony.
"A large number of people were returning after watching Rangers flag ceremony at Wagah border when a suicide bomber blew himself up near one of the exit gates," Mushtaq Sukhera, inspector general (IG) of police of Punjab, said. He added three Pakistani Rangers were among the dead.
Pathak said there would be no beating retreat ceremony at Wagah border for three days from Monday at the request of Pakistan.
The BSF chief added his officers in Punjab had already undertaken "coordination" meetings with all intelligence, security and state government authorities in the light of the inputs they had received.
Land border trade between India and Pakistan came to a halt on Monday.
Customs officials in Attari, Punjab, said there was no trade activity from either side. They said that the trading activity was likely to remain suspended for another two days.
Hundreds of trucks from both countries carry products, including fruits and vegetables, through the land border trade.
Meanwhile, a militant group close to Pakistani Taliban, claimed responsibility for the deadliest attack to hit Pakistan in a year, saying it was a response to the Pakistani army's actions against their positions in tribal areas.
An 18-year-old bomber tried to enter the security perimeter of the border area complex but was checked by the Rangers and that is when he detonated the explosives strapped on his body, Punjab poilce IG Sukhera said. He was carrying 20 to 25 kg of explosives.
"I was sitting in my office near the border when I heard the blast. I rushed to the scene and saw scattered bodies, injured men, women and children and smashed cars," a Pakistani intelligence source said.
Security officials expressed fear that the teenager might have been trying to detonate himself further inside the complex that could have caused damage on the Indian side as well.
The dead and wounded were taken to Lahore's Ghurki hospital, where distressed relatives, weeping and hugging each other in grief, searched for their loved ones.
Live TV footage showed people drenched in blood and crying in pain as they were evacuated to hospitals, where relatives of the dead cried and beat their chests and heads. "My brothers, my two brothers… They both are dead," a man wailed.
"We received 35 bodies including those of women and children and 60 to 70 were wounded," deputy medical superintendent of Ghurki Hospital near the Wagah border crossing, identified only as Dr Khurram, told Pakistani television channels.
Lahore police chief Amin Wains confirmed it was a suicide attack. "Ball bearings were found at the scene," he said. TV channels showed images of gutted shops and buildings near the checkpoint.
Pakistan has been wracked by a homegrown Taliban insurgency that has killed thousands of people in recent years, but attacks have tailed off since the army launched a major anti-militant offensive in the northwest in June.
An HT team that visited the joint check-post in the night saw ambulances and other vehicles moving on the Pakistani side.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi condemned the blast. "Terror attack in Pakistan near Wagah Border is shocking. I strongly condemn such a dastardly act of terrorism," Modi tweeted.
(With inputs from agencies)

US Supreme Court keeps Sherlock Holmes in public domainUpdated: November 4, 2014 07:37 IST
US Supreme Court keeps Sherlock Holmes in public domain
AP
AP The justices on Monday declined to hear an appeal from heirs of legendary writer Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, who say anyone portraying characters from the popular detective series must seek permission or pay a licensing fee.
TOPICS
judiciary (system of justice)
The U.S. Supreme Court won’t take up a copyright dispute over the right to depict Sherlock Holmes in a new anthology of stories.
The justices on Monday declined to hear an appeal from heirs of legendary writer Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, who say anyone portraying characters from the popular detective series must seek permission or pay a licensing fee.
A U.S. district court ruled that copyrights had expired on all Sherlock novels and stories published before 1923, but not on the final 10 stories published after that. The lower court said author Leslie Klinger could use characters from pre-1923 works and a federal appeals court agreed.
The Doyle estate argued that the characters continued to develop in later works so they should remain off-limits until remaining copyrights run out in 2022.

Things you must try when you travel to MelbourneStory
24 Hrs in Melbourne
Melbourne is officially the most tourist-friendly city in the world. A list of things you can do in Oz's cultural capital.
   Edition: Oct 26, 2014
Take a hot air balloon ride to get the best view of Melbourne
If there are two places in the world you can expect a polite response to your humble plea for directions, it's Melbourne in Australia and Auckland in New Zealand.
Voted the friendliest cities in the world by the readers of a popular travel publication, they scored 86 points each - in the process dethroning last year's winner, Florianopolis. So, here are some things you can do the next time you find yourself in Melbourne for a full day.
Take a Hot Air Balloon Ride
They depart early in the morning, so you can take in the beauty of the city as the sun rises.
Visit Queen Victoria Market
Here, you get everything from knick-knacks to souvenirs from every corner of the world.
Ride the Great Ocean Road
Stretching over 243 km along the Victorian Coast, it offers the best views yet.
Drop by Phillip Island
Just the place to visit if you share our love for penguins.
Embraer E2, high on space
Tired of having to stuff your baggage into the overhead bin (breaking your delicate chinaware in the process) every single time you go travelling? Here's news. The interiors of the Embraer E2 make passenger comfort a priority in terms of luggage space as well as leg room. As for seating, the E2's seats have a whopping 36 inches of pitch - that's two more than the current best in the industry. Want more? The new plane's swankiness continues with built-in tablet holders, and the clever placement of acoustic curtains in its swanky lavatories. Now, that's high-flying luxury.
Now, check in through FB
Checking in couldn't possibly get more convenient. South African Airways has introduced 'Social Check-In', an innovative method that allows travellers to manage an online check-in through their Facebook profiles. What's more, you can even share your own profile and check those of other passengers - therefore selecting seats based on matching interests. A simple procedure, Social Check-In requires guests to check in online on www.flysaa.com or m.flysaa.com and input their flight details. Log on to www.flysaa.com for more details.
Cruise the spice route
In ancient times, traders crossed the Indian Ocean - their ships filled with cinnamon, cassia, cardamom and turmeric. Today, centuries later, Azamara Club Cruises takes you through this very route on a 13-day voyage covering Mumbai, Goa, Kochi, Maldives, Colombo, Galle and Chennai. If there's one thing the cruise has no shortage of, it's variety.
Embark on the luxury holiday from the heart of Maximum City, and cruise along gorgeous beaches and spice plantations to reach the colonial extravaganza of Goa. A few days later, experience the surreal beauty of the Kerala backwaters and watch a mesmerising Kathakali performance before leaving for the unblemished sands of Maldives. This trip, which covers seven UNESCO sites as well as other historical sites, costs $4,249 per person. Are you game? Price Rs2.58 lakh for a 13-day journey.
Wreck diving in Andamans
Infiniti, India's first and only live-aboard service, is organising a special wreck diving trip at the Andamans that promises to be a hit with every adventure sports enthusiast worth his salt. As part of this expedition, to be undertaken in November over a period of five days, you can explore the Inkjet - a Japanese ship that was scuttled near Duncan Island during World War II. But why get off the couch, you ask? Well, if marine life interests you, rest assured that shipwrecks usually become an artificial reef that provide many kinds of aquatic creatures - including butterfly fish, trevallies and sea anemones - with a habitat. Don't care much for gills and fins? Get down there for the adventure anyway.
Price Starts at Rs 89,999
Luxury train from 2015
Worldwide Rail Journeys has chartered the Royal Rajasthan on Wheels to launch a luxury train called Unity Express in India. The railway project, with state-specific
carriages and cultural shows, promises to celebrate the diversity of India in a way that no tourist has experienced before. The launch of the Unity Express has been planned
for March 29, 2015, in a manner that will not disturb the regular itinerary of the Royal Rajasthan. Meanwhile, talks are on with the Indian Railways to acquire a dedicated train of its own. "For the first phase trial in March, the train will cover Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh," a company spokesperson said.
Price Rs 38,045 per night

Mumbai leads as four metros capture 23% of Indian Internet usersTop four metros have a 23 per cent penetration of Internet Users in India
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:23 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 8:15 am
While Mumbai, with 16.4 million Internet users, tops the online penetration in India, Delhi has registered the highest year-on-year growth in users, shows the IAMAI-IMRB I-Cube 2014 Findings.
Delhi has the second largest number of internet users at 12.15 million, followed by Kolkata at 6.27 million. Kolkata has overtaken Bangalore (5.99 million) and Chennai (5.58 million) to come to third slot.
In 2013, Mumbai had 12 million internet users, while Delhi had 8.1 million.
Delhi registered With 50 per cent y-o-y growth, while Mumbai followed with 37 per cent, and Bangalore with 36 per cent. Hyderabad and Pune, with a growth of 34 per cent each are at fourth while Kolkata and Ahmedabad with 33 per cent each are at fifth position. Chennai with 24 per cent  has registered the lowest growth rate among the top eight cities.
Overall, the top four metros have a 23 per cent penetration of Internet Users in India. The other four Metros have 11 per cent.
Among the smaller metros with a population of more than 1 million, Surat, Jaipur, Lucknow, Vadodara and Nagpur are the top five cities with highest number of internet users.

Sunset Grill: Chennai s hottest eaterySaranya Chakrapani        Edition: Oct 26, 2014
Meal with a View
There are a great many things that go in favour of the Westin Chennai, the foremost being the fact that it's the only five-star hotel that caters to the Velachery-OMR belt and its substantial IT populace.
So, when they opened their third F&B outlet, a 52-cover alfresco grill house, it caused quite a buzz among software professionals looking for a weekend haunt.
The new restaurant, Sunset Grill, takes one of the property's prettiest spots on the second level, above the pool, in a canopy of palm trees and flowering plants. It serves classics from the Arabian, Middle Eastern, European and Indian cuisines with a focus on the original flavours. While there is a tendency to steer clear of restaurants tha t are 'multi-cuisine', this one does not disappoint. Open only for dinner, the meal at Sunset Grill is best enjoyed at a leisurely pace. You should begin with one of the appertisers.
I would recommend the bharwan-ekhumb (mushrooms filled with cheese and sp ices, cooked in tandoor) and periperi prawns (spicy and zesty marinade, pan grilled, with an incredible periperi sauce made in-house). Both are exceptional. The mains have all-time classics like tenderloin steak, t-bone steak and Norwegian salmon - which also happens to be a Westin specialty.
The jumbo prawns melt in your mouth, and are easily the best you can find. However, we thought traditional dishes like the Bratwurst sausages should have been more refined in preparation and flavour. You can also opt for their signatures - the baby back barbeque ribs (18 oz jumbo melting ribs with Oklahoma fries, bean cassoulet and grilled green onions) and Brazilian mixed grill (pork belly, churrasco sausages, tenderloin flanks, chicken drumsticks and beef liver served with Oklahoma fries and garden salad). End the meal with the heavenly New York cheesecake and mango coulis, which floors you with an explosion of striking flavours.
I Recommend
Meal for two (taxes extra) Rs 4,500 154,
Velachery Main Road

The Age of DeleveragingStory
The Age of Deleveraging
The level of corporate leverage for India is among the highest among emerging economies as shown by IMF studies.
Rajesh Mokashi     Delhi   Edition: Nov 9, 2014
Rajesh Mokashi/ Deputy Managing Director, CARE Ratings
The Indian economy's powerful performance in the years prior to 2012/13 prompted companies to take on debt to finance expansion plans. However, with economic conditions not having panned out as hoped, companies got saddled with high levels of growth-inhibiting debt. This requires them to find ways to repay their debt. The level of corporate leverage for India is among the highest among emerging economies as shown by IMF studies.
The high debt levels have not only bought companies under severe stress, it has also bought to the fore concerns of economic stability and the growth trajectory of the country, given that Indian banks have been bearing the brunt of the stressed corporate debt. Growth in debt issuances has slowed down as has bank credit due to a combination of slow economic growth as well as caution exercised by companies in borrowing funds. Weighed down by high levels of non-performing corporate debt, banks have been less willing to lend, as evidenced by the low growth in bank credit. This, in turn, has a bearing on fresh investments and on India's economic prospects.
An analysis of 1,812 non-financial companies showed that aggregate debt had been growing 13 per cent annually between 2010/11 and 2013/14, barring 2011/12 when it rose 18 per cent. Cumulatively, the debt of these companies increased 51 per cent during the four-year period. The growth in aggregate net worth (equity + reserves) of these companies fell from 16.3 per cent in 2010/11 to 8.6 per cent in 2012/13. The debt-to-equity ratio has increased from 0.58 in 2010/11 to 0.67 in 2013/14.
The number of companies that have been deleveraging has been rising in the last four years, from 33 per cent of the companies in 2010/11 (of the sample of 1,812 non-financial companies) to 38 per cent in 2013/14. In volume terms, companies have reduced their debts by 43 per cent, 13 per cent and 38 per cent in 2011/12, 2012/13 and 2013/14.
Indian companies have been reducing their debt levels in an attempt to improve their business performance and credit profile. They are taking a number of steps to achieve this. For instance, companies have been restructuring business operations to maximise revenue and profitability. This has been directed to ultimately lowering the debt component. They have also been using cash balances and selling off their assets (usually non-core) to lower their debt.
Companies are also raising funds by way of stake sales and issue of shares and other financial instruments such as global depository receipts. Replacing such debt has had a positive impact on the balance sheets. Companies are also seen opting for debt restructuring and takeout financing by replacing costly debt with low-cost funds from global markets.
The measures have been bearing fruit as the credit quality of companies has seen a noticeable improvement in recent times (since the fourth quarter of 2013/14 and particularly in the second quarter of 2014/15). The credit ratings (upgrades, downgrades and reaffirmations) assigned by ratings agencies to companies provide evidence of this improvement. CARE Ratings' modified credit ratio (MCR), which helps measure mobility in ratings (an increase in the MCR implies stable and improving credit quality of the rated entities), has risen to a three-year high in the second quarter of 2014/15. This ratio was below 1 (indicating more downgrades as compared to upgrades) from the fourth quarter of 2011/12 to the first quarter of 2013/14, reflecting the deterioration in credit quality of companies. Given that CARE rates a large and diverse set of entities, the movement of MCR can be regarded as being indicative of the general business and economic environment of the country.
However, challenges remain as using the asset sale route to deleveraging tends to be time consuming and liquidity concerns have to be addressed in the interim period. The recent spurt in the stock markets has opened an additional window for promoters willing to dilute equity through a preferential issue of shares at a premium. 
Rajesh Mokashi is the deputy managing director at CARE Ratings.

Xiaomi now No 3 globally  Indian companies becoming more dominant at home: CanalysThe Xiaomi MI3 was a runway success in India, though for just a month
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 7:43 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 4:25 pm
Fresh from success in China and India Xiaomi has emerged as the third largest vendor globally in Q3 2014 when smartphone shipments crossed 300 million units for the first time, according to research firm Canalys.
While Mainland China accounted for 34 per cent of Q3 smartphone shipments, United States accounted for 13 per cent and India 6 per cent. The Indian market has seen significant growth in recent quarters and in Q3 2014 was up 84 per cent on the same quarter a year ago and up 29 per cent on Q2 2014.
“A key similarity to the Chinese market has emerged in India with respect to the substantial contribution made by domestic vendors,” said Canalys Research Analyst, Rushabh Doshi. “Three of the top five vendors there – Micromax, Lava and Karbonn – are Indian companies, achieving promising growth in their home market, but with aspirations and potential, in time, to be disruptive on the global stage. With market leader Samsung’s share down 6 per cent from Q2, it has faced stiff competition from local players with aggressive pricing strategies,” he said.
Android One is making steady progress in the low end across India where it was first launched thanks to local partners, including Intex, Karbonn and Micromax. Doshi said Android One will grow as more partners come on board, adding further pressure. “Growing demand from the large, youthful middle class; the rising popularity of online channels, such as Flipkart; and the increasing availability of better quality, aggressively priced smart phones and affordable mobile data tariffs are all driving the smart phone market in India forward.”
“Notably, Chinese vendors are looking to India as an emerging high-growth opportunity,” said Doshi. “But with regulatory concerns over data sovereignty, international vendors with already established brands, and promising domestic vendors with local differentiation to contend with, the challenge for them to gain a real foothold should not be underestimated,” he added.
“The global market is becoming more competitive, with vendors beyond Samsung and Apple enjoying growing success,” said Chris Jones, VP and Principal Analyst at research firm Canalys. The firm’s country-level smart phone data for Q3 2014 shows the global market in robust health, with year-on-year growth of 23 per cent over Q3 2013, and a shipment total exceeding 300 million units in a quarter for the first time.
“A year ago, in Q3 2013, Samsung and Apple together accounted for 48% of worldwide smart phone shipments. While still impressive, in Q3 2014 this had slipped to 38%. This trend is likely to continue,” said Jones adding that this it is coming down to the strong value proposition and increasing quality of products offered across all price points by competing vendors, most notably Chinese companies. In fact, six of the top 10 global vendors in Q3 are continued…

Apple Watch may be launched after March 20'Apple Watch unlikely to be launched before March 2015'
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 10:27 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Apple retail Senior Vice President Angela Ahrendts, with the former head of Burberry, reportedly confirmed that Apple Watch , the tech company's smartwatch will not be launched until March 20, 2015.
Apple CEO Tim Cook earlier said that technology enthusiasts would use it so much that they would end up charging it daily. However, Cook's statement had fuelled speculations about the smartwatch's battery life as it has been a key concern for the tech giant ever since the watch was unveiled on September 9.
Although Apple is confident that their watch will be received well by users, yet uncertainties about the gadget's battery life persist. Many other smartwatches in the market have similar issues with their battery life, reported CNET.
The Apple Watch will bring alerts and notifications directly to the user's wrist and will also act as a health tracker and a Walkie Talkie.

Nexus 6 might come to India in fortnight  to start at around Rs 40 000Google Nexus 6 has already been listed on Flipkart
Written by Debashis Sarkar | Taipei | Posted: November 5, 2014 6:40 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 4:56 pm
The next Nexus smartphone made by Motorola ( a Lenovo company now ) might be launched on November 18 in India.
It has been reliably learnt that the Nexus 6 smartphone will be available by the first week of December and there is a strong possibility that the new Nexus smartphone will be launched with a fortnight in the country. It has already been reported that the Nexus 6 smartphone will be launched in the country in the first wave itself.
The Nexus 6 smartphone will be priced around Rs 40,000 for the 32 GB version. The 64 GB variant will be priced around Rs 45,000. The Nexus 6 32GB has been already listed on Flipkart as ‘coming soon’. It seems the smartphone will be sold on Flipkart and Google Play only as of now.
We got to play with the phone at Google’s annual Asia-Pacific press event at Taipei, Taiwan. At first glance, the Nexus 6 looks like a larger version of the new Moto X smartphone. It features a 6-inch quad HD display. Despite the 6-inch screen, the Nexus 6 doesn’t compromise much on one-handed operability. It never gives the user the feel that the device is big to hold.
On the hardware front, the Nexus 6 runs on a 2.7 GHz quad-core Snapdragon 805 processor with the Adreno 420 GPU and 3 GB RAM. Running the latest Android 5.0 Lollipop OS, the smartphone sports a 13 MP rear camera and has a 2 MP front camera. Powered by a 3220 mAh battery, the Nexus 6 comes with Bluetooth 4.1, WiFi, NFC and supports 4K video playback.

Mid-cap equity funds are better investment optionsStory
Fund Anatomy
Mid-cap equity funds, which gave an average return of 93% in the past one year, outperformed their large-cap peers by a big margin during the period
Team Money Today        Edition: October 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
Mid-cap equity funds, which gave an average return of 93% in the past one year, outperformed their large-cap peers by a big margin during the period.
Mutual Fund performance snapshot

New Moto X gives rivals a tough timeStory
A Giant leap
The Moto X (1st Gen) gave its rivals a tough time. The 2nd Gen pushes the boundaries even further.
Moto X (2nd Gen)
PRICE: Rs 31,990
Improvised highly over its predecessor (1st Gen), the new Moto X (2nd Gen) has grown thinner into a sleek phablet. It has a 5.2-inch full HD AMOLED display in a plastic body with metal chassis. Though the display is big, it can be operated with a single hand, and this includes typing. The back has a rubberised finish that is prone to scratches.
Continuing with the touchless control, its display illuminates when you pick it up. The notifications appear on the lock screen and can be accessed by holding the icon. The voice assist software that worked beautifully on the 1st Gen, works well on this one too. Other than 'Ok, Google Now', it responds to other terms, such as 'Hello Moto', 'Listen up Moto X', among others, too. It can launch an app, search the web, dial a call and do much more. The 'Motorola Migrate' is onboard and helps transfer data to the device. Another feature worth mentioning is the 'Motorola Connect' that shows incoming calls and text messages on the computer screen with the help of a Google Chrome extension. You can even reply to a text from your PC.
Unlike the 1st Gen, which had dual co-processors for listening and tracking activity, the 2nd Gen has just one. It has a 2.5 GHz quad-core processor on Snapdragon 801 chipset, 2 GB of RAM, and 16 GB internal storage. However, our review unit found 8.09 GB of total space, of which only 7.28 GB is user accessible. There is a nano SIM slot at the top. The overall performance is smooth and there isn't any lag with multiple apps running in the background. However, the device did heat up after long gaming sessions.
The images captured by the 13 MP camera, with dual LED flash, are crisp and the colours look natural when captured under bright light. When you are holding the phone, simply twist your wrist twice to launch the camera app. Finally, the 2300 mAh battery onboard lasts a day on heavy use.
BAG IT OR JUNK IT: It is the leader in its category and so definitely worth considering
RATING: 4/5

From the Editor: November 23  2014Story
From the Editor
Business Today Editor Prosenjit Datta tells you what's in store for you in the magazine's latest issue and why you should buy it.
Prosenjit Datta        Edition: Nov 23, 2014
Business Today Editor Prosenjit Datta
Very large numbers thrown around randomly. That in some ways sums up any discussion on black money generated in India and stashed away abroad. During the last days of the UPA, the amount of black money hidden in Swiss banks became a big issue, along with the money siphoned off in other scams like 2G, CWG, Adarsh Building scam, etc. Depending on who you were talking to, the amount of black money in banks abroad went from billions to trillions of dollars. The previous government threw in the towel when the Supreme Court asked it to bring back the money hidden abroad, and the BJP leaders - including current Finance Minister Arun Jaitley - made much noise about its ineptness at that time.
As it happens, after coming to power the BJP has realised that it is no easy matter to bring back or to even find out how much money is hidden abroad. It has pretty well admitted its failure to the Supreme Court. Also, much of the focus has been on the list of 627 accounts opened by the Indians in the HSBC branch in Geneva. The problem is there are multiple Swiss banks and beyond Switzerland, there are multiple tax havens with far tighter banking secrecy laws. There are also international treaties with confidentiality clauses, and finding out who is hiding how much in which bank, in which tax haven, is like searching for needles in countless haystacks around the world.
Business Today November 23, 2014 issue
In all the discussions about the money hidden abroad, what often does not get discussed is how few people - including the seriously rich - pay income tax in India. Estimates put the number of taxpayers in India to be fewer than three per cent of the total population. Many finance ministers in the past have promised to widen the tax base. And yet, none of them has succeeded. The incumbent finance minister, according to recent statements, plans to do so. If he is even able to widen the tax base for personal income tax to 10 per cent of the population, it would be a humongous achievement.
Talking of big numbers, corporate salaries at the senior level have been going up at a fast clip for some time. The salaries of CEOs and other top-level executives have really shot up over the last decade and a half. Our cover story this issue looks at how compensation at the top has changed. The study, done by senior research associate Jyotindra Dubey and reported by senior editor Shamni Pande, provides interesting insights. For example, while promoter CEOs in the country still get paid far higher than professionals in the C-suite in general, many of the biggest promoters also led the way during the post 2009 slowdown by taking sharp pay cuts. Similarly, the handful of CEOs today in the top 500 listed companies who still draw less than Rs 1 crore per annum as salaries are mostly promoters of their companies. In a sense, it is easy to understand the logic here. Most promoter CEOs derive much of their wealth and income from their equity holdings. And for them, therefore, the exact amount of salaries they draw does not matter as much.
The CEO salary study always reveals many interesting facts. One of them is on Vishal Sikka, the new CEO of software giant Infosys, who has been offered the highest salary in India this year. The man who was making the offer and had signed off on his appointment, though was taking home just Rs 1 per annum as compensation. When NR Narayana Murthy had been persuaded to come back and take charge of Infosys once again last year, he had stipulated that he would draw just a token sum as salary. And he joined only after the board agreed to his conditions.

Bharti Airtel calls off 700 cr deal to acquire Loop MobileComments
Telecom major Bharti Airtel has called off its plans to acquire business and assets of Mumbai based Loop Mobile, for about Rs. 700 crore, as the Department of Telecom is yet to clear the deal.
"Loop Mobile and Bharti applied to DoT for approval of the business transfer in March 2014. The approval for the transaction is still awaited from the relevant authorities as a result of which Bharti Airtel has withdrawn from the proposed transaction causing huge loss to the company," Loop Mobile spokesperson told PTI.
DoT is yet to give clearance to the deal as it estimates that Loop Mobile and its sister concern Loop Telecom owe about Rs. 808 crore in spectrum and other charges to the government.
Loop Mobile's permit in Mumbai is expiring on November 29 and the company did not purchase spectrum in February auction which was mandatory for continuing its operations.
Airtel had signed a deal with Loop in February this year to buy business and assets of Loop Mobile in Mumbai under a strategic agreement for about Rs. 700 crore.
Under the agreement, Loop Mobile's 3 million subscribers (at that time) in Mumbai were suppose to join Airtel's over 4 million subscribers, making it largest network in the metropolitan city.
Loop Mobile will not be able to migrate its subscribers to Airtel as originally envisaged.
No immediate comments were received from Airtel.
Private sector lender Axis Bank has told the DoT that Rs. 215-crore loan to Loop Mobile will be at risk if the deal of the Mumbai-based operator to sell its assets to Bharti Airtel is not approved.
A consortium led by Axis Bank had given advanced loans of Rs. 350 crore to Loop Mobile and the current outstanding stood at Rs. 215 crore, according to a communication by the bank to DoT.
Loop Mobile has applied to Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) for release of additional porting codes for facilitating port-out (transfer) of all its subscribers.
The company had over 17 lakh customer in August as per data released by TRAI.

Sensex hits 28K-mark  Nifty scales new high on hope of reformsstock exchanges
The BSE Sensex on Wednesday breached the 28,000 level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank.
The NSE Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over the previous close. The 50-share index touched all-time intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
During the day trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex scaled its fresh life-time high of 28,010.39 points, beating its previous record high of 27,969.82 reached on Monday.
“Market sentiment has been buoyed by a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently, followed by optimism over strong second quarter earnings by blue-chip companies”, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based stock broker.
Addressing business leaders at New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said the government was looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws.
Besides government accelerating economic reforms, falling global crude prices, that raised hopes of an early cut in rates by the Reserve Bank, bolstered sentiments that lifted key indices to new peaks, brokers said.
Banking stocks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI led the rally among Sensex stocks. Axis Bank rose the most by 2.93 per cent among 30 Sensex scrips, followed by SBI (2.24 per cent) and DR Reddy (2.24 per cent).
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Infosys, TCS and ITC were among major gainers that lifted the index to record high.
Stocks of state-run oil companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC hogged the liemlight and rose up to 2.37 per cent after global crude prices hit multi-year lows that would improve their margins.
However, Coal India, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, RIL, Hindalco and Tata Power were laggards on profit-booking.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 1,413.34 crore on Monday.
A mixed trend in the other Asian markets, a higher opening on the European markets on better corproate earnings, too influenced trading sentiments here, traders said.
“Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates,” Dipen Shah, Head-Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among the 30 Sensex components, 14 stocks advanced, while 16 ended in negative zone.
The Banking index gained the most by surging 1.41 per cent, followed by Healthcare by 1.01 per cent, IT index by 0.73 per cent, Capital Goods index by 0.57 per cent, FMCG index by 0.32 per cent and Auto index by 0.05 per cent.
However, Metal sector index slipped 3.03 per cent and Power index fell 0.91 per cent.
With continued improvement in trading sentiments, buying activity by retail investors also spread to small-cap and mid-cap stocks, brokers said.
Stock market will remain close tomorrow on account of “Gurunanak Jayanti”.

Why Indian CEOs salaries have touched new highsStory
Top job, big bucks
Indian CEO salaries are touching new highs as the war for talent gets fiercer. And compensation structuring is increasingly mimicking the salary innovations in the US.
Shamni Pande and Jyotindra Dubey      Follow @ShamniPande    Edition: Nov 23, 2014
(Clockwise from top left) Reliance Industries Limited CMD Mukesh Ambani, Bharti Enterprises Founder and Chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal, Reliance Group Chairman Anil Ambani, Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka
In July this year, India's software services giant Infosys announced that it was hiring former SAP chief technology officer Vishal Sikka as its new CEO at a compensation that could touch $5.08 million (Rs 30 crore or so) per annum including variable pay. Sikka would also be entitled to stock options to the tune of $2 million.
Sikka's remuneration made headlines because - though middling by global standards - it was the highest salary that had been offered to a non-promoter CEO in the country till date.
And it was vastly higher than the salary of the man who was doing the hiring. N.R. Narayana Murthy, who had given the final nod to Sikka's recruitment, was drawing a princely sum of Rs 1 per annum. Murthy had stipulated he would only accept a token salary when he agreed to come out of retirement in June 2013 and take charge as executive chairman once again.
The highest paid Promoter and Professional CEOs (Graphics by Ajay Thakuri)
Click here to Enlarge
Despite the gloom and doom of the past few years, there has never been a better time to be a CEO of an Indian company. The average compensation of Indian CEOs - both promoters and professionals - has risen sharply over the past few years. In fact, in 2013/14, a year that was pretty dismal for the Indian corporate world, the CEOs of the top 100 listed companies saw their aggregate annual compensation rise by 12 per cent. The aggregate revenues of the same group of companies only rose by 9.6 per cent while profit after tax grew even slower at 6.9 per cent.
A decade ago, there were barely a couple of dozen C-suite occupants who drew salaries over Rs 1 crore per annum. In 2013/14, there were 697 crorepatis in total in the BT 500 C-suites, with about 40 being added in that year itself. There were a dozen people whose annual salaries were well above Rs 25 crore, another 45 in the Rs 10 crore to Rs 25 crore bracket. In several of the top companies, over 10 executives had compensation packages in excess of Rs 1 crore. The newcomers to the crorepati club last year included people like Abhijit Roy, MD, Berger Paints India, at Rs 1.07 crore, Anupam Puri at Rs 1.1 crore and Bruce LA Carter at Rs 1.02 crore - both Directors at Dr Reddy's Laboratories. Infrastructure company Triveni Turbine has Arun Prabhakar Mote, Executive Director at Rs 2.17 crore, while Jindal Steel & Power has Dinesh Kumar Saraogi at Rs 1.31 crore.
The Top League
Things were not always as good for Indian CEOs. Till the early 1990s, the Companies Act capped the CEOs' salaries. Add the fact that personal income tax was considerably steeper then, and most CEOs took home salaries that were fairly modest, by any standards, even if the rupee went a lot further in those days than it does today.
In 1993, changes in the Companies Act freed CEO salaries and immediately pay packages started shooting up. By 1994, the first CEOs with over Rs 1 crore in annual compensation had started showing up. Pradip Shah, founding MD of India's pioneer credit rating firm CRISIL was one of the earliest to cross the seven figure salary barrier. But even then, through the 1990s, the CEO crorepati club was fairly exclusive.
THE FIGHT FOR TALENT
Things started changing in the last years of the 20th century as the opening up of the economy saw new multinationals coming into the country. Meanwhile, the dotcom boom, the runaway growth of IT companies, and the rising number of new multinationals opening shop ensured that salaries doubled, tripled and quadrupled in the senior rungs. As the fight for talent grew fiercer, poaching became the name of the game. And the older multinationals in the country became favourite hunting grounds for new players looking to build a senior team quickly.
Of course, poaching was always a favoured tactic of any new firm setting up operations in India even earlier. Ramesh Vangal, who led PepsiCo's entry into the country, reminisces how, in 1988, they picked up lots of talent from Hindustan Lever (now Hindustan Unilever). "SM Datta - the then chairman of HLL - met me and expressed his concern about how PepsiCo was disturbing the Indian salary structure and how this would have a bad impact on all companies," laughs Vangal. To get around the salary restrictions of those days, PepsiCo and other new players started offering perks like soft furnishing allowances, paid vacations abroad, and paid helpers.
But the action had really started hotting up in the late 1990s. In 1998 and 1999, the dotcom boom was giving rise to its own dynamics. Where CEO salaries was largely fixed till the mid-90s, the end 90s saw a large portion coming by way of variable pay. The dotcoms, the software services companies and other tech companies also introduced the concept of Employee Stock Option Plans (ESOPs) and also sweat equity. The idea was to let the senior employees have some incentive that would be tied to the company's performance.
When stock options first made their appearance, the traditional companies were aghast. "I remember a conversation with a promoter of an Indian group and asked him to offer stock option to a talent they were keen on hiring for launching their financial services arm. They thought the suggestion to be preposterous," says Sanjiv Sachar of Egon Zehnder, that specializes in leadership and board-level talent search. Later though, even the traditionalists gave in. "The new Indian business entities realised that no high-flier was willing to join them and the only way to woo them was to offer high stakes," says K Sudarshan of EMA Partners International, a headhunting firm.
Sectorwise median salaries
By March 2000, the dotcom boom had reached its peak and the long slide down was about to begin. The dotcom burst of 2000/01 had an impact not just on the pure internet companies but on the entire information technology sector. Suddenly, tech stocks were plunging and ESOPs were under water. It would be around 2006/07 before stock options and sweat equity would come back into favour and become mainstream. And other industries, not just technology companies, would make them part of the overall compensation package of CEOs.
In 2000/01, even as tech was falling out of favour, other sunrise industries were taking up the slack. Telecom and television were two new sectors offering record salaries. ZEE Television, provoked by the success of Star Plus' Kaun Banega Crorepati roped in Rediffusion DYR's advertising head Sandeep Goyal for a salary that far exceeded Rs 1 crore. "This was also the time when professionals had quit in favour of start-ups and the banking and financial services sector, along with telecom, was taking off," says K Sudarshan of EMA Partners. People like Girish Rangan who had worked in Proctor & Gamble, Boots India and Leo Burnett crossed over to telecom for salaries upwards of Rs 1 crore.
THE SLOWDOWN AND THE PAY CUTS
By 2005/06, CEO salaries had again begun a steep climb and the Rs 1 crore figure was passe. The new benchmark was $1 million. Some of it was simply because Indian CEOs now needed to operate in global markets as well, and this had a trigger effect on the salaries. "We in India are globally competitive in terms of CEO salaries and many have globally benchmarked salaries? a million-dollar salary is not at all unusual," says GV Prasad, CEO, Dr Reddy's.
The decade also saw the rise in the salaries of promoter CEOs. As a group, promoter CEOs were in general better paid than their professional counterparts, but the salaries of promoters went up exponentially only in mid-2000. It would take the 2009 global financial bust before CEO salary growth started slowing down again.
The remuneration of MUKESH AMBANI, CMD, RIL, rose from Rs 9.6 crore in 2001/02 to Rs 44 crore in 2007/08, after which he took a massive pay cut. His pay since 2008/09 is fixed at Rs 15 crore
In fact, in the slowdown following the global financial crisis, many promoter CEOs took hefty paycuts. Mukesh Ambani voluntarily cut his salary by half. Naveen Jindal slashed his salary even more, and several others took pay cuts in the top rung.
In 2009, the variable component of the salary for many professional CEOs also fell sharply. This was the year when people realised that variable structure was indeed variable! "This was the year of downturn and many people did not get their bonus and variable end of the salary structure," says Anita Ramachandran of Cerebrus Consultants, one of the oldest talent search firms in India. Though India Inc has consistently marched ahead on having lesser percentage of pay structures towards fixed, this was the first time their compensation was being withheld.
For many of the promoter CEOs though, the pay cuts did not materially affect their income or wealth. Many promoters received dividends worth crores from their shares, and their dividend income was often vastly in excess of their salaries. Even more important, much of their wealth was derived from the value of the stock they held. Even Murthy could afford to take just Rs 1 as his salary during his comeback because his family's shares in Infosys was worth well over $1 billion.
LAGGING BEHIND GLOBAL COUNTERPARTS
Despite the skyrocketing salaries, the overall compensation of even the highest paid Indian CEOs lag behind their US counterparts, largely because of the differences in the scale of operations. For example, Sikka may well be the best paid Indian tech CEO, but his salary is still small potatoes compared to the salaries of the top tech CEOs in the US, most of whom boast salaries (including bonuses) in excess of $30 million annually. Similarly, Wall Street and Hedge Fund bonuses completely dwarf the compensation of top Indian financial services companies.
But despite the differences in amounts, in many cases the Indian compensation structuring has followed the lead of US companies. Some of this has happened because multinationals have tried to follow the same pay structures across regions.
Executives who earned at least a crore in 2013-14
Pallavi Kathuria of Egon Zehnder, a leadership search firm, says: "The last few years has seen a clear standardization of compensation packagages, based on levels, in most multinational organisations." This means that in regions contributing to similar revenues, the stark differences in pay packages is thinning. She does put a rider though: "The difference, of course, is on the size of business and the geographical area under control," she says.
Egon Zehnder points out that sometimes organisations tend to compensate new CEOs for unvested stocks and other benefits that they are leaving behind, but these differences tend to even out in three years. But at any rate, CEOs today are being sought that can have their 'skin in the game'. Here, naturally, they are given stock options, or in some cases, even put in some kind of sweat equity that get compensated when the company is listed. Here again India is miming trend of the developed markets, but not the whole hog. "We still notice that CEOs are not as willing to take a hair-cut or forgo on their fixed pay as much as those in Silicon Valley," says Kathuria.
True. CEO compensation structure is moving away from fixed pay towards variable and long-term incentives (LTIs), but it is still not a vastly changed equation in the last five years. Aon Hewitt data show that in 2010 CEO salaries were structured with 55 per cent towards fixed pay, 25 per cent in variable and the balance 20 per cent being LTIs. In 2014 this mix has shifted a bit with 50 per cent being fixed, 20 per cent being variable and 30 per cent being LTIs. Also, the fixed pay has gone up in the range of 8.5-9.5 per cent and the variable pay has risen in the range of 12.5-13.5 per cent. But even with all this, the difference between salaries of Indian and global CEOs remains.
Comparison of Indian and global CEO salaries
While some of the old perks remain, changing tax structures and market realities have also made some old perks less attractive. Today, it is not uncommon to find CEOs who buy fancy houses in tony residential addresses on their own steam and live it up. "Earlier, companies could lure and retain talent by giving them houses. But with availability of housing loans and supply of residential properties, companies too realised they were sitting with huge real estate in their book and having to worry of maintenance," observes Anshuman Magazine, Chairman and MD (South-Asia) of CBRE, a real estate services firm.
Also, signing bonuses are becoming common. "In the last year or so even Indian companies when they hire give a massive signing bonus. No senior person will jump unless there is a big bonus commensurate to your packet size," says Devraj Sanyal, MD (South Asia), Universal Music.
Not just that, "There is bonus, grand slam and stock options," he says. CEOs get 100 per cent bonus if they meet the full target (bonus is usually 40 per cent of the compensation). "Every CEO and MD is incentivised to go well beyond the plan. The Grand Slam is if you hit your target numbers three years in a row then there is a big pot of gold sitting somewhere. Grand Slam is more of an anti-attrition retention tool to keep the big boys locked in so that they don't jump," he says.
Golden parachutes (the hefty severance pay) that was an innovation of the US has made its way to the country as well. According to sources, two media heads have walked away this year with exit salaries of Rs 58 crore and Rs 87 crore.
And with sweat equity and skin in the game, the relationship between promoters and the top professionals is also changing. Promoters such as GV Sanjay Reddy, Vice Chairman, GVK, readily acknowledge that the real concept of CEO has evolved. "They have become partners in business and is not quite like the earlier purely employee-owner relationship and, therefore, their compensation is heavily linked to their performance," he says.
In fact, the promoter-employee relationship can change because of a number of factors. Take the case of A Mahendran, former MD, Godrej Consumer, who came to work for the Godrej group in 1994 when Godrej bought Transelektra. "I joined Godrej by selling my business Goodknight to them. They wanted me to run the business. I ran it on contract basis. Mine was not sweat equity, but equity that I put with cash. I participated in the equity as per the valuation," he says. This meant that he operated like an entrepreneur with a minority stake in the joint venture business. In 2010, when Sara Lee exited the venture, it was merged with Godrej Consumer Products and Mahendran became the MD of Godrej Consumer Products. He eventually exited in 2013, but still continues as non-executive director.
EQUALS? NOT EXACTLY
Despite CEO salaries rising rapidly in general, not all industries tend to compensate similarly. And even though there has been a certain standardisation of structure of compensation, there is little correlation of pay packages and size of company.
CEO pay vis-Ã -vis employee salaries and net profit
Click here to Enlarge
In theory, there should be a strong correlation between company pay and performance and the size of the company. But that is becoming less and less true both globally and in India. "Our data shows that in India, historically, the extent of correlation between these two factors has been far lower (and almost negligible) compared to developed economies," says Anandorup Ghose, Performance and Rewards Consulting Practice Leader at Aon Hewitt India.
According to Ghosh, pay at the executive level here has always been driven by the incumbent than the size of the role. For instance, YC Deveshwar as Chairperson of ITC gets to take home around Rs 11.28 crore for a company that generates over Rs 48,000 crore in revenue. This is close to what Zubair Ahmed of GSK Consumer Products gets to take home - Rs 10.79 crore on revenues of Rs 5,351 crore. In the automotive segment, Pawan Munjal gets Rs 37.88 crore on revenues of Rs 27,710 crore and that is not too far apart from what Onkar Kanwar takes - Rs 30.40 crore on revenues of Rs 9,794 crore.
CEO SALARY AND SHAREHOLDER ACTIVISM
While CEO salaries recommended by the board or compensation committees have generally tended to sail through in India, of late, there is a rising trend of shareholder activism for compensation packages which are seen to be out of line with overall performance. In July, for the first time this year, the proposal on Tata Motors was rejected and it actually turned to be an outlier in the melee.
Tata Motors is the only instance that did not even get the required 75 per cent votes in postal ballot to give a bonus to the legal heir of former MD Karl Slym (who is part of our best paid professional CEO list and who died in January this year) and two other directors. Tata Motors had not posted great results and that could have been one reason for this.
The Tata Motors case was unique because even the proxy advisory firms had not opposed it. "We did not oppose the proposal of Tata Motors," says Shriram Subramanian of InGovern. Despite that, it still did not get the requisite votes to go through.
According to both proxy firms, Tata Motors deserved to have its proposal approved as these were executive directors and not promoters. Also, the company had sufficient profit and revenues that merited its proposal. Also, the compensation was in line with industry standards.
In other cases though, salary proposals went through despite stiff opposition. In June this year, Marico faced resistance as proxy firm Institutional Investor Advisory Services (IIAS) opposed the stock option plan of Marico's new MD and CEO Saugata Gupta for 2014. Marico board sought to grant stock options of up to 0.5 per cent to Gupta.
IIAS was of the view that at the then prevailing share price of Rs 237, the total cost of the scheme amounted to Rs 761 million. That was equivalent to 13.2 per cent of the financial year 2014 net profit. Also, Marico had not disclosed the period over which the company will grant stock options to Gupta. However, Gupta's compensation finally got the desired votes. Suzlon and Apollo Tyres also saw compensation challenges, though in both cases the proposals finally went through.
The new Companies Act is likely to bring more changes to the CEO compensation story. "The new Act puts the onus of succession on the board. Also, it fundamentally alters the way this issue is viewed, making them accountable," says Hemant Upadhyay, Managing Consultant and Leader of Executive Rewards Practice at Hay Group India. But veteran market observers and analysts such as Prithvi Haldea are not convinced. "We have many laws. A company that wants to follow the law will do so. Those wanting to flout them will find loopholes," he says.
With inputs from E Kumar Sharma and Ajita Shashidhar

Cognizant Q3 growth slows  full-year sales forecast raisedGoutam Das      Follow @Goutam20    Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 17:58 IST
Cognizant Technology Solutions, India's second largest IT services exporter , grew slower than its nearest rivals in the July-September quarter. However, it has slightly upped its full-year revenue guidance, indicating a stable business environment.
The Nasdaq-listed company has reported revenues of $2.58 billion for its third quarter, up 2.5 per cent over the April-June quarter. While the result matched analyst expectations, the growth was lower than that of TCS, India's largest IT exporter . TCS had reported a revenue jump of 6.4 per cent sequentially. Infosys had raked a growth of 3.1 per cent in the same period.
In the April-June quarter, the company had faced headwinds because of several client transitions, which led to a slowdown in sales cycles. This had led the company to revise its expected growth rate in 2014 from 16 per cent that it hoped to muster at the end of Jan-March quarter to 14 per cent.
Cognizant, however, now expects to earn full-year revenue of between $10.13 billion and $10.16 billion, and it translates to a growth of nearly 15 per cent. The guidance excludes any impact from the acquisition of the US-based healthcare IT services provider TriZetto Corp for $2.7 billion in September. The move was expected to add more muscle to Cognizant's $2.5 billion healthcare business.
The company's net income stood at $355.6 million or $0.58 per diluted share. The operating margins were at 17.7 per cent. "There is a tremendous opportunity in the marketplace as the advent of new digital technologies, global economic pressures, and an evolving regulatory environment force businesses across all industries to change and adapt faster than ever before," CEO Francisco D'Souza said in a statement.
"Cognizant is ideally positioned to help clients worldwide address these competitive challenges with end-to-end solutions that address their dual mandate of improved efficiency and of innovation using the latest social, mobile, analytics, cloud and sensor technologies," he added. 

Will ensure building of 30 km roads a day in two yearsAjay Modi      Follow @ajaymodibt    Last Updated: November 7, 2014  | 10:23 IST
Having set a target to speed up daily road construction to 30 km, Road Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari on Wednesday sounded confident of meeting the goal.
"This is my target. I am doing my best to meet it and I am confident. I do not know what will happen in the future. Our plan is to increase the speed to building 30 km of roads every day as compared to less than three km currently. I will ensure this change in two years," Gadkari said during a discussion on Indian infrastructure at the India Economic Summit.
The BJP-led NDA government has awarded road projects for 3,419 km since it came to power in May and aims to award a total of 8,500 km in the current financial year.
Disputes involving 2,384 km of projects have been resolved.
Gadkari said the government has formed a committee to review the model concession agreement for road development. "The present agreement is very much against contractors and bankers. The new model agreement will be built on international standards," he said.
Ajit Gulabchand, Chairman of Hindustan Construction Company, said contracts must have a credible dispute resolution mechanism and must be followed in spirit.
"Sometimes land acquisition does not happen even as agreements have been signed. The delays increase costs by as much as 50 per cent. This has to change. You can't stop things halfway. It has consequences and also leads to loss of jobs," he said.
Gadkari also said the government is working on an "integrated multimodal transport policy" to bring uniformity in taxation and other regulations across states.
Blaming the judiciary and the media for stalling work on projects, the minister said "a microscopic minority is opposing development in the country," he said, referring to environmental protests surrounding infrastructure projects. "We need ecology but we also need development. There has to be equilibrium."
The minister said he has written a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the issue of high financing costs for infrastructure projects. He said his ministry is working closely with the ministries of railway and environment to speed up projects.
Mitsubishi Corporation's Chairman Yorihiko Kojima said his company will focus on the power and food sectors for investments in coming years in India.
"It is good news that the two governments are now working closely," he said, adding that Modi's recent visit to Japan has further added to the positivity on investment sentiment from Japanese companies in India.
Mitsubishi, Japan's largest trading house, may be looking at a ten-fold jump in its India investments over the next five years.
"Our current investments in India stand at $300 million. I hope this rises 10 times in five years," Masakazu Sakakida, Chairman and Managing Director of Mitsubishi Corp in India, told reporters.
He said automobile, food and natural resources will be the three key areas of future investments in India.

Govt open to selling loss-making PSUs: JaitleyComments
India is open to privatisation of certain loss-making state-owned companies, finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Wednesday, promising more initiatives soon including reforms in the mineral sector along the lines of the recently announced coal block auction plans.
The government also plans to open railways further to private investment, ease restrictive land purchase rules, relax labour laws and raise the foreign investment ceiling for insurance companies, Jaitley said.
"Certainly I would be interested to look at some PSUs (which) could do much better in private hands," Jaitley told delegates at the India Economic Summit organised by the World Economic Forum and industry body Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) in the Capital.
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley with the founder of World Economic Forum, Klaus Schwab, during the launch of India Economic Summit in New Delhi on Wednesday. (PTI photo)
"Taxpayers cannot continue to pay for loss-making businesses," said Jaitley hinting that the government may consider privatising some of the loss-making state-owned government firms in the future.
For now, however, the government will stick to selling minority stake in profit-making public sector companies.
In September, the government had approved share-sale plans in three major state-owned companies — Coal India Limited, NHPC and ONGC — that can potentially earn the exchequer Rs. 44,000 crore.
Revenues from selling shares in state-owned companies is critical to the government's plans to keep the fiscal deficit — shorthand for the amount of money the government borrows to fund its expenses — at 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.
The minister had announced in Rajya Sabha in July that four PSUs would have to be shut down as they were "incapable of revival".
As many as 79 PSUs have, over a period of time, become loss making and the total amount of public investment stuck in these PSUs was to the tune of Rs. 1.57 lakh crore, he had said, adding "over Rs. 10,000 crore from the budget have been physically pumped into to make them going."
The government has set an ambitious target of Rs. 43,425 crore to be mopped up from PSU disinvestment in the current fiscal.
Fair business environment
Jaitley said that some allegations of "crony capitalism" were true under the last government and an element of fairness in the system was lacking, such as in the case of allocation coal blocks.
Committing to more reforms and eliminating corruption, Jaitley also said steps taken by the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government were aimed at creating fair and transparent business environment and ending crony capitalism.
Last month, the government had announced plans to put up coal mines for bidding by private steel, power and cement companies and introduce changes in the law to enable commercial mining in the future, signalling its intent to fully open the sector to private players.
The new auction-based system will replace the earlier controversial policy of allotting coal blocks based on recommendations of a panel of bureaucrats, which the Supreme Court had struck down as arbitrary. The apex court had cancelled 214 blocks allotted since 1993, a move that threatened a nascent economic recovery.
"We are going to take similar steps with regard to other minerals," he said.
"When we take these steps to eliminate crony capitalism, investors will get a system that is fair and not where they have to depend on the largesse of politicians."
Over the last five months, the Narendra Modi-led government has unveiled string of measures to turn India into a manufacturing powerhouse, remove bureaucratic sloth, make the country more investor friendly and aid its economic recovery.
The finance minister assured investors more reforms in the coming months, including plans to ease rules for industry to buy land to set up factories.
"We need to pursue one positive direction. Reforms are not about one sensational idea."
"I am quite satisfied with the beginning that we have made...in the next few months ... I think the effects within the country would also start showing."
Admitting there were challenges, the minister said, the country needed to doggedly pursue the reforms agenda.
"There are bound to be some hurdles, one need not get unnecessarily upset about them. There are a lot within the present political framework and the government's framework that can be done...but one thing that is clearly borne in mind is that no steps should be taken that sends contrary signals.
"Therefore with all kinds of ideas, big and small, one has to pursue in one direction and that's what the present government is trying to do and I am quite certain that its only a matter of time that the ground results start reflecting on the cumulative effects of these steps," he added. ?
"People are now getting convinced that India is a place to invest in."
Criticising the previous United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government's move to introduce retrospective taxation, Jaitley said: "Retrospective tax was a bad idea which damaged the economy."
Jaitley's statements came on a day the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex breached the 28,000-mark for the first time.
On India blocking the trade facilitation agreement at the World Trade Organization, Jaitley said the government is not opposed to the pact.
"This appears so because of the unreasonable positioning by some developed countries," he said.
All India is asking for is the "peace clause" on food subsidies to continue till a permanent settlement on the issue is found.
(With inputs from PTI)

India  Russia agree on negotiations for FTANEW DELHI, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 00:49 IST
India, Russia agree on negotiations for FTA
Dinakar Peri
The Hindu External affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj with Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin, exchanging documents after signing of the 20th IRIGC-TEC Protocol, in New Delhi on Wednesday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
For the first time India and Russia have agreed on negotiations for a Free Trade Agreement (FTA) between India & the Customs Union of Belarus, Kazakhstan & Russia.
As The Hindu had reported earlier, the agreement marks the first FTA negotiations initiated by the NDA government, and discussed by visiting Russian Deputy Prime Minister Rogozin and Indian External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj during the 20th session of India-Russia Inter-Governmental Commission (IRIGC) in New Delhi on Wednesday.
The Indo-Russian Inter-Governmental Commission on Trade, Economics, Scientific, Technological and Cultural Cooperation (IRIGC-TEC) oversees 20 working groups covering trade, economic, scientific, technological and cultural cooperation.
Other major decisions include proposals for establishment of a ‘Smart City’ in India by the Russian company “Sistema,” joint cooperation for development of potassium and magnesium deposits in Russia, project for launching telecommunication satellites “NextStar” in the geostationary orbit of the Earth on low cost platforms and projects in high end computing. As expected, the focus was largely on boosting economic cooperation.
Mr. Rogozin also co-chaired the eighth India-Russia Forum for Trade and Investments, an active business forum between the two countries, along with the Minister of State for Commerce & Industries Nirmala Sitharaman.
During his visit he called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Both sides also reviewed preparations for the forthcoming visits of the Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov later this month and the Russian President Vladimir Putin for the 15 India-Russia Annual Summit in December.
Other major deals in oil, energy and defence are likely to be signed during Mr. Putin’s visit.

Modi meets the worldUpdated: November 6, 2014 01:48 IST
Modi meets the world
diplomacy
Though Narendra Modi projects his foreign policy as being radically different, in terms of outcomes, continuity is evident. What used to be called ‘strategic autonomy’ in saner times is now being projected as ‘no bending.’ What is indeed different, and worrying, is the chest-thumping rhetoric that accompanies it
“The country will no longer bend. Modi will put national interest first,” Ram Madhav, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) general secretary, told an audience in New York even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi was visiting the United States in September. “Pakistan must know that the Modi government is different,” Home Minister Rajnath Singh said while responding to ceasefire violations at the border. Mr. Modi made similar statements during the recent Assembly election campaigns in Maharashtra and Haryana. The impression that is being created through all these statements is that the Modi government is pursuing a strategic policy that is different to those by previous regimes.
Projecting his own uniqueness is characteristic of Mr. Modi. One would recall the Lok Sabha speech of Atal Bihari Vajpayee, after winning the trust vote in 1998, as Prime Minister. “On some issues there has always been a consensus in this country. And foreign policy is one of those … only the government has changed, not foreign policy.” Mr. Vajpayee made significant departures, but he was careful to dress them like a continuum of the past. Mr. Modi’s emphasis is to project all his initiatives as departures.
Now that Mr. Modi has completed the first round of engagement with all major countries of importance to India, it is perhaps time to make an assessment, at least tentatively, as to whether this government is in anyway different from previous governments.
Two-pronged framework
Mr. Modi’s declarations while as the Chief Minister of Gujarat, and later as a ferocious campaigner, gave rise to some expectations from him on how he would deal with the world. Apart from his campaign speeches, he has made two full-fledged speeches on foreign policy — the Nani A. Palkhivala Memorial lecture in Chennai on October 18, 2013, when he was prime ministerial aspirant; and the next, as Prime Minister, at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York in September 2014. Though there isn’t a “Modi doctrine” articulated with that label, there is a discernible two-pronged strategic policy framework that he has sketched: a focus on the neighbourhood and a pursuit of India’s economic interests.
Neither is particularly original. Manmohan Singh’s strategic policy also had these two among its key components. But he could not take it far due to domestic political constraints created substantially by the BJP, which was then in the Opposition. The BJP opposed engagement with Pakistan, sabotaged a land border deal with Bangladesh, a country that is crucial to India’s strategic interests and its ‘Look East’ policy, and always kept the rhetoric high on China. The BJP forced a nuclear liability bill that makes nuclear commerce difficult; it opposed liberalisation of the insurance and pension sectors.
Neighbourhood ties
Some commentators have said that Mr. Modi has a capacity to change from “campaign mode” to “governance mode,” as soon as voting is over, and that he has always done so in Gujarat. As Chief Minister, he could simultaneously be the Opposition leader also, against the Congress regime at the Centre. When Mr. Modi was governing and campaigning simultaneously, he frequently attacked the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) on foreign policy issues — be it Chinese “incursions,” the Khobragade diplomat episode or talks with Pakistan. What we are currently witnessing is Mr. Modi’s inability to abandon all that rhetoric. Building up jingoism has been an essential part of this quintessential campaigner. Even if he wants to — which we are not sure about — he is unable to shake off the rhetoric that has built him.
It is in the neighbourhood that the ghost of the past haunts Mr. Modi even more. He was off to a good start at his swearing-in ceremony when he made sure that all South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) countries were represented. But recurrent Chinese “incursions,” and ceasefire violations on the Pakistan border have trapped him. India suspended talks with Pakistan, and has the precondition that Pakistan will find impossible to meet — it must not talk to Kashmiri separatists. On China, Mr. Modi had to immediately balance his “commerce first” policy with larger doses of rhetoric the day after he hosted President Xi Jinping on the banks of the Sabarmati. One can only hope that the BJP can overcome its own past opposition to the Bangladesh border pact and pass it in the next parliamentary session.
The remarkable beginning in the neighbourhood is the priority that he gave to Nepal and Bhutan, two countries that felt ignored by India.
Read: Recalibrating India’s foreign policy
Relations with the U.S.
Dr. Singh had faced a lot of flak from strategic experts who blamed him for a “foreign policy drift” in the second term, and particularly for his alleged failure to further relations with the U.S. These experts who derided the Congress’s decision to recalibrate India’s proximity with the U.S. during UPA-II, as being a “revival of third worldi-sm” and “outdated nonalignment,” have been goading Mr. Modi to do something radically different.
Two key challenges to the U.S.-led world order — Islamism and the rise of China — are of direct concern to India too. But the question that has been confronting Mr. Modi’s predecessors has been the desirable and affordable extent of Indian involvement with the U.S. in dealing with these concerns. There can be complete convergence in strategic interests, but a divergence in priorities. The mismatch between the priorities of the U.S. and India are numerous, despite a confluence of strategic interests. Dr. Singh or Mr. Modi, no Prime Minister can overlook that. The U.S’s own vacillating positions towards Iran, Syria, Afghanistan, Myanmar, China and East Asia in general in recent years only underscore the traditional Indian position that India cannot piggyback on the U.S to protect its own interest. In any case, can India afford to end up as the front line of the battles against Islamism and China?
Added to this objective reality is Mr. Modi’s strong Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) upbringing that views both China and the U.S. with suspicion. In stark contrast with Dr. Singh who was ideologically an internationalist, Mr. Modi is a staunch nationalist, though with “commerce in blood,” as he described himself. Therefore, while Mr. Modi would be looking for economic opportunities around the world, he would be much more obsessed than Dr. Singh about India’s autonomy and pride — as it played out in the World Trade Organization. Therefore, those who read in his severe anti-China rhetoric during the election campaign a willingness to offer India as a frontier against China had not given enough attention to the RSS world view — China is a threat, but the U.S. cannot be trusted. “World cannot have new blocs, everyone is linked to everyone. It is a web. No single power can dominate the world,” Mr. Modi had said at the Council on Foreign Relations.
It is not only his relations with the U.S., but Mr Modi’s “economy first” approach that will also have to operate within the nationalist contours of the RSS — there can be 49 per cent, but not 51 per cent foreign direct investment in defence.
Read: Foreign policy: Modi brings style to substance
A second aspect of the nationalist strategic policy is the vision of India’s emergence as the vishwa guru, a global thought leader. Mr. Modi’s speeches in the U.S., both at Madison Square Garden and the Council on Foreign Relations reflected this imagination. “When Indians move the mouse, the world moves.” Making India militarily and economically powerful to take up that project is Mr. Modi’s dream. Within this framework, he places himself as the 21st century Vivekananda — who introduced Hinduism to the world, on his own terms. India’s uniqueness is associated with Hinduism. “We were under slavery for 1,000-1,200 years,” Mr. Modi said at Madison Square Garden, counting all Muslim rulers of India as foreigners.
What is new
So what is really new and radical is the assertive Hindu nationalistic project that Mr. Modi has globally launched — in Bhutan, Nepal and New York. “A nationalist government under a decisive leader will deal with the world with confidence. We cannot play second fiddle to anyone,” said P. Muralidhar Rao, BJP General Secretary.
Though Mr. Modi projects his foreign policy as being radically different, in terms of outcomes, continuity is evident. What used to be called “strategic autonomy” in saner times is now being projected as “no bending.” That India cannot protect its interests by being part of any axis, and that it would pursue its bilateral relations based on its own strategic calculations is in line with the time-tested approach.
What is indeed different — and worrying — is the chest-thumping rhetoric that accompanies foreign policy, regardless of the fact that we now have a 56-inch one. Balancing his nationalist convictions with the demands of a globalised world will be Mr. Modi’s biggest strategic policy challenge.
varghese.g@thehindu.co.in

Leadership is about creating a visionLeadership is about creating a vision
Gaurav Choudhury , Hindustan Times   November 06, 2014
First Published: 00:31 IST(6/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:42 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Gary Coleman, managing director, global industries, Deloitte believes that a leader has to be extremely empathetic, extremely honest, and to the extent possible, extremely fair in the scenarios of layoffs. He spoke to HT on a range of issues on leadership on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum’s India Economic Summit. Excerpts:
Advertisement
How do you define leadership?
Leadership is about creating a vision, setting a strategy that others follow and making an impact through initiatives that are important to society. Leaders are creative.  They are visionaries, they are team builders and they are great communicators.
How important is communication in leadership?
Very important. If you cannot communicate a vision or a strategy, I don’t think you can create a following.
Can leadership be learnt?
Yes. But, it has its limits. I think there are ways to help develop leaders. But, not everybody can be developed into a leader. I think there are certain innate characteristics that make some people better managers than leaders. To me managers are people who know how to write and execute business plans. Those are different activities.
What is the role of professional leader in a family run business?
We tend to characterise a family-run business as a small unit. In such a company, creating a team, defining the vision, laying out the strategy and building a team is probably different from a $10 billion or $20 billion company.
In such family run businesses, the leader is one who holds the family together. For large companies, even where the family owns a significant equity, the leadership characteristics tend to be more similar to the large Fortune Global 500 companies. A leader in Walmart probably has more characteristics like a Fortune Global 500 company, rather than leader of small family run business.
Leaders have to often carry the cross of other’s wrong doings and inefficiencies. What role can good leadership play to counter balance this image?
Leaders get dealt different hands all the time. Some leaders get dealt a good strategy that is being implemented and they come into office and ride a wave. Others get dealt a poor strategy or a poor set of events. Good leaders will have to deal with both good and the bad hands.
How difficult is it for a leader to deal with employee retrenchments?
A leader in a scenario around layoffs has to be extremely empathetic, extremely honest, and to the extent possible, extremely fair. If a leader follows these characteristics, then as unpleasant as layoffs are, they will be able to deal with these in the best possible manner. Throughout my career, I have had to let people go, get them reassigned. It is not pleasant. It is probably the most unpleasant part of my job.
Very high CEO bonuses have attracted a lot of criticism.  Your comments.
I agree that at times leaders are awarded stock options that may not have lot to do with their own personal involvement. But, I don’t see the solution in regulation. I see the solution more about the board of directors being more proactive in governance. CEO compensation is the board’s decision. While extremely large bonuses appear to be fair, the solution lies with the board of directors and shareholder involvement in that activity.
Which are the leaders that have inspired you?
In the area of business disruption, Henry Ford stands out. Business being disrupted means challenging the existing status quo, thinking of the consumer and by designing a business model that is so significant that it attracts the consumer.
In the area of tough choices, I have always been inspired Margaret Thatcher.
What is the biggest leadership lesson you have learnt?
Understanding how to bring the rank and file along a transformation journey.
Businesses often go through large transformation. There is an awful lot of communication that has to be done to bring the rank and file along that journey
What is the worst decision you have taken?
Sometimes not listening to important stakeholders has been a mistake. It is more a result of impatience rather than over-confidence. You sometimes succumb to the need for speed and that comes at the cost of not bringing other stakeholders along. It cost me some degree of personal credibility.
And the best?
As a board member in 2008 and 2009, in high levels of uncertainty during the financial crisis, I voted for several billion dollar-plus investments. That was very, very hard decision to take.

RIL  Pioneer look to exit US gas pipeline JVRIL, Pioneer look to exit US gas pipeline JV
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, November 06, 2014
First Published: 00:26 IST(6/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:28 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) is contemplating selling its 49.9% stake in its US-based joint venture (JV) that owns 460 miles of pipeline network for transportation of shale oil and gas.
RIL, as well as its JV partner Pioneer Natural Resources Co, are seeking a buyer for their stakes in Eagle Ford Shale’s (EFS) midstream business, as they shift focus to shale oil production.
“Pioneer Natural Resources today announced that the company is pursuing the divestment of its 50.1% share of the Eagle Ford Shale’s midstream business…Reliance Holding USA, Inc owns the remaining 49.9% of the EFS midstream business and also plans to pursue the divestment of its share in a joint process with Pioneer,” the Dallas-based independent oil and gas producer said in a statement.
RIL, through its subsidiary Reliance Holding USA, had acquired 49.9% stake in EFS Midstream LLC in June 2010. Its current investments in EFS Midstream LLC are worth $ 208 million (`1,352 crore).
It is projected to generate $100 million in cash flow next year. Pioneer is the operator of the business. The sale “would allow us to strategically redeploy capital to our core, oil-rich Spraberry/Wolfcamp assets in the Permian Basin of West Texas,” Pioneer’s chairman and chief executive officer, Scott Sheffield said.
Pioneer, however, said it has no plans to sell its stake in the Eagle Ford Shale’s oil and gas producing assets.
The US firm holds 46% stake in the upstream venture while RIL holds 45% and Newpek LLC holds the remaining 9%.
It is being speculated that RIL may be looking at selling this stake as well. RIL, which bought 45% interest in Pioneer Natural Resources’ Eagle Ford shale formation in Texas for $1.3 billion, is working with Citigroup and Bank of America-Merrill Lynch to find a buyer.
When the news of this sale came last month, a RIL spokesperson had said, “Reliance constantly strives to identify means to create additional value for its shareholders,” but declined to comment on the specific sale.

DLF allowed to redeem 1 806cr of mutual fundsComments
In an interim relief against Sebi order, realty giant DLF was on Wednesday allowed by the Securities Appellate Tribunal to redeem mutual funds worth Rs. 1,806 crore till next month.
After hearing an appeal for interim relief by DLF, the Tribunal allowed the company to redeem mutual funds worth Rs. 767 crore in the current month and further funds worth Rs. 1,039 crore in December.
DLF had sought permission to redeem funds locked in mutual funds after being slapped with the market regulator's ban last month from accessing the capital market for 3 years.
The Delhi-based developer had made the request through an affidavit submitted on Monday to the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), which is hearing DLF's appeal against the unprecedented ban imposed by the watchdog last month on the company and six of its top officials.
The affidavit was filed following a direction from the tribunal last Thursday.
The SAT, a quasi-judicial body, will begin its final hearing on December 10 on DLF's main plea against Sebi order.
At an earlier hearing on October 30, the SAT had asked DLF to specifically mention the time-frame, the requirements as well as the end use of the fund apart from till what time it needs the interim relief.
The SAT has further asked Sebi to file its reply to the DLF petition by November 30 and directed the petitioner to submit its rejoinder by December 8 and posted the matter for final hearing on December 10.
Last month, Sebi banned DLF and six of its senior-most officials, including founder-Chairman K P Singh, from capital markets for three years. The company challenged the ban in SAT and had sought an interim relief on October 22.
The Sebi took action against DLF for not disclosing the details about three of its 353 subsidiaries/associate companies in its 2007 IPO filing. This was one of the rare orders by Sebi where it barred a blue-chip firm and its top promoter/executives from market.
While promoters own 74.93 per cent stake in DLF, foreign institutional investors have close to 20 per cent and retail shareholders about 4 per cent, among others.

17 Indian firms to be part of global growth companies17 Indian firms to be part of global growth companies
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 06, 2014
First Published: 00:23 IST(6/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:43 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
The World Economic Forum (WEF) has selected 17 Indian companies to be part of its Global Growth Companies (GGCs) in South Asia. GGCs, which represents sectors such as banking, retail, information technology, chemicals and energy,  are nominated on the basis of their ability to become future global leaders.
The selected companies include 4G Identity Solutions, ANI Technologies, Avesthagen, Bandhan Financial Services, Centum Electronics, Finolex, Flipkart, Forbes Marshall, InterGlobe Enterprises, Justdial, MakeMyTrip, Nash Industries, Persistent Systems, Radikal Foods, RBL Bank, Sobha, and Transasia Bio-Medicals.
According to WEF, these are the region’s most dynamic and high-growth companies, and are considered trailblazers and innovators committed to improving the state of the world.
Globally, WEF has identified 370 companies as GGCs. The nominated companies share a track record of exceeding industry expectations in terms of revenue growth, promotion of innovative business practices and demonstration of leadership.
“We look forward to the active role they will play at our meeting in New Delhi, working with the region’s leaders to foster inclusive and sustainable growth,” said David Aikman, MD and head of New Champions, WEF.

Govt open to privatising some loss-making PSUs: JaitleyIndia is open to privatisation of certain loss-making state-owned companies, finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Wednesday, promising more initiatives including reforms in the mineral sector along the lines of the recently-announced plans of coal block auction.
Advertisement
The government also plans to open railways further to private investment, ease restrictive land purchase rules, relax labour laws and raise the foreign investment ceiling for insurance companies, Jaitley said.
“Certainly, I would be interested to look at some PSUs (which) could do much better in private hands,” Jaitley told delegates at the India Economic Summit organised by the World Economic Forum and Confederation of Indian Industry on Wednesday. “Taxpayers can’t continue to pay for loss-making businesses.”
For now, however, the government will stick to selling minority stake in profit-making public sector undertakings (PSUs).
In September, the government had approved share-sale plans in three major PSUs — Coal India Ltd, NHPC and ONGC — that can potentially earn the exchequer `44,000 crore.
Revenues from selling shares in PSUs is critical to the government’s plans to keep the fiscal deficit — amount of money the government borrows to fund its expenses — at 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.
Jaitley added that some allegations of “crony capitalism” were true under last government, an element of fairness in the system was lacking, such as in the case of coal blocks allocation.
Last month, the government had announced plans to put up coal mines for bidding by private steel, power and cement companies and introduce changes in the law to enable commercial mining in the future, signalling its intent to fully open the sector to private players.
The new auction-based system will replace the earlier controversial policy of allotting coal blocks based on recommendations of a panel of bureaucrats, which the Supreme Court had struck down as arbitrary. The Court had recently cancelled 214 blocks allotted since 1993, a move that threatened a nascent economic recovery.
“We are going to take similar steps with regard to other minerals,” he said. “When we take these steps to eliminate crony capitalism, investors will get a system that is fair and not where they have to depend on the largesse of politicians.”
Over the last five months, the Narendra Modi-led government has unveiled a string of measures to turn India into a manufacturing powerhouse, remove bureaucratic sloth, make the country more investor-friendly and aid its economic recovery.
The finance minister assured investors more reforms in the coming months including plans to ease rules for the industry to buy land for setting up factories.
“We need to pursue one positive direction. Reforms are not about one sensational idea,” Jaitley said. “I am quite satisfied with the beginning made by the government. We will take time to rectify the economy. People are now getting convinced that India is a place to invest in,” he added.
Criticising the UPA government’s move to introduce retrospective taxation, Jaitley said: “Retrospective tax was a bad idea, which damaged the economy.”
Praising Prime Minister Modi, Jaitley said, “I have seen his (PM’s) interactions with the bureaucracy. He has made himself completely accessible to them. He has also given them freedom.”
On India blocking the Trade Facilitation Agreement at the WTO, Jaitley said the government is not opposed to the pact. “This appears so because of the unreasonable positioning by some developed countries. All India is asking for is the ‘peace clause’ on food subsidies to continue till a permanent solution is found.”

Sunny Leone s raunchiest photos ever!Photo uploaded by Nina S
on Feb 06, 2014 , 11:12 am
181675 Views  |  57  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
The adult star turned Bollywood actress has done a series of explicit scenes for her film Ragini MMS 2.
The adult star turned Bollywood actress has done a series of explicit scenes for her film Ragini MMS 2.

Inter-university consortium embarks on glacier studiesclimate change
For the first time, an Inter-University Consortium on Cryosphere and Climate Change (IUCCCC) is undertaking glacier studies in four States in India, funded by the Department of Science and Technology (DST). Also unprecedented is the participation of the University of Jammu and the University of Kashmir in this effort.
Prof. Bharat Desai, of the Jawaharlal Nehru University School (JNU) of International Studies told The Hindu that in November, 2012 vice chancellors of JNU, the University of Jammu, the University of Kashmir and Sikkim University took the initiative and got the project going. DST supported the five -year study with Rs. 18 crore but the important aspect is that the study is using state of the art equipment and technology to study glaciers. Prof. Milap Chand Sharma, of JNU said the study of different glaciers is aimed at examining the link between cryosphere changes and impacts on society.
“The glaciers we chose feed into the irrigation systems in the villages and also meet water requirements, and any changes in temperature will be reflected in the water supply and glacier mass,” Prof. Sharma said. Of the funds from DST, Rs. 13 crore will go towards buying sophisticated equipment to measure black carbon deposits on glaciers and Green House Gases (GHGs) and install “robotic total stations” which map the glacier area apart from ground penetrating radars which give the total mass of ice.
For the first time, the Universities engaged in the research have access to this type of equipment and another major component of the study is computing the chronology of glaciers. Isotopic studies of ice will be conducted by the University of Kashmir and radio carbon dating by Jammu. In addition the study will have optical dating of sediments to find out their age upto half a million years, Prof. Sharma explained. This data on dating sediments will be related to global climate change phases and regional ones too since there are variations, he added.
The study involves glaciers in Kashmir, Karakoram, Himachal Pradesh, Sikkim and Uttarakhand. JNU is studying two glaciers each in Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh. In Jammu and Kashmir seven glaciers will be studied apart from two in Sikkim.
The study was launched in April 2013 and preliminary work has been completed. These glaciers are being studied as benchmark glaciers since they have communities dependant on them, Prof. Sharma said. Villages like Harsil depend on the waters from the Kalapani glacier in Uttarakhand while in Himachal Pradesh the Menthosa glacier has four villages which use its water.
The study was in a way sparked off by the erroneous prediction of glaciers melting by 2035 in the report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). After five years, the Consortium plans to collaborate and look for funding from foreign universities in the future. Already students intern at universities in the USA for research.

India a big market to sell lottery tickets  but not hotel rooms: CooperYou are here: Home > Collections
India a big market to sell lottery tickets, but not hotel rooms: Simon Cooper, Marriott Hotels
Varuni Khosla, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 02.27AM IST
(India should create space…)
India should create space for mass tourism like Cancun in Mexico and take tourism lessons from Thailand and Egypt, says Simon Cooper, president for Asia Pacific at US hospitality major Marriott Hotels that owns hotel chains such as JW Marriott, Ritz-Carlton and Bvlgari.
The Indian hotel industry has been struggling for the last five years and occupancy of branded hotel rooms has been less than 60% in the last two quarters, largely because of almost doubling of the number of rooms. The industry is expected to see double-digit growth in its revenues per room in the next 18 months, Cooper said in an interview with ET. Edited excerpts:
You have 18 brands in your hotel portfolio, but only seven of those are in India. Do you consider India too small a market to bring in brands like, say, The Bvlgari luxury hotels?
India is a small market for hotels and there are a total of just 100,000 branded hotel rooms in the entire country. It's a big market to sell lottery tickets, but not to sell hotel rooms. While we have been in India since 1998 and brought brands like JW Marriott and Ritz, we see that The Bvlgari Hotel would be a part of the India portfolio only after a few years from now since it is too expensive. It's the same thing we're doing in China. We only use our full-service brands in both countries.
How important is India in the scheme of affairs for Marriott Hotels in terms of revenues globally?
Globally, India is relatively small. But in the Asia Pacific terms, it's No.2 and accounts for 20% of our business. Currently, we have 25 hotels in our portfolio in the country and another 49 are in the pipeline for the next two years. We hope to have one opening every month for the next two years. While China accounts for 50% of our business in the region, it doesn't come close to India when it comes to hospitality. India has a fabulous reputation with legacy hotels such as the Taj, the Oberoi and ITC, but still lacks the critical mass of foreign tourists.
How do you think it can be changed?
I believe India is the largest country in the world without any kind of mass tourism. You haven't be able to create a Cancun like in Mexico. Even Sri Lanka has been able to do it successfully. India should take lessons from Thailand and Egypt when it comes to tourism.
Hotel occupancy in India has been poor since 2009, with just about 60% rooms being occupied. When do you expect a turnaround?
India has seen nearly doubling of hotel room supply since 2006 from 55,000 branded rooms to 100,000. After six years of decline, we should see double digit growth in revenue per available room in the next 18 months. Hotels must set themselves up for the future as we predict demand for rooms will outpace supply by at least 5%.
What is your portfolio going to look like in India the coming years?
We opened a JW in Mussoorie this month, and a 600-room JW is coming up in Sahar, Mumbai. We are about to open two Courtyard by Marriott (business hotel chain) in Agra and Jaisalmer before the end of the year and two Renaissance hotels in the first half of next year. Of the 68 JWs in the world, nearly 10% are in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Godrej Consumer to create special unit for e-comm: Vivek GambhirCinthol Confidence Plus
(I don't think we can unequivocally…)
Godrej Consumer Products is creating a separate trade channel for e-commerce, becoming the first consumer products company to have a dedicated unit for online sales in India, its managing director Vivek Gambhir says. The maker of Cinthol soap and Good Knight mosquito repellent, which is implementing an integrated solution to monitor and optimise trade spends, targets to become a Rs 30,000-crore company by 2020, Gambhir told ET's Sagar Malviya in an exclusive interview. Edited excerpts:
Are you satisfied with your low sales growth in India this quarter?
While we are not happy with the sales growth, I think we are seeing some encouraging signs that give us some confidence in saying that probably the worst is over and some of the environmental indicators now seem to be trending in the right direction.
I don't think we can unequivocally say that we are out of the woods, but what's giving us some confidence is that, clearly the indicators seem to be heading in the right direction. I think some of the deceleration in growth probably has come down to its low point and hopefully with the economic environment improving, at least our hope is that now we will start seeing a recovery.
Is there any category that dragged your overall sales growth?
What dragged things the most was insecticides. Insecticides are fairly highly co-related with rainfall patterns.
Because of a high correlation in this rainfall patterns and because monsoons was both delayed and deficient, that actually had a very significant impact. So as a whole, the category grew about 1 per cent or so and our insecticide sales grew only about 2 per cent. And this segment is about nearly half of our business in India. Had the monsoons not done this way, it would have been a much better quarter for us.
So what will drive your sales going forward?
One of the things clearly is to look at white spaces in, say, the personal wash category, and within these white spaces, try and broaden our portfolio. Couple of months ago, we've launched Cinthol Confidence Plus as we really weren't playing in the 'germ protection' segment in a big way. Face wash is now a Rs 1,600-crore category, almost 10 per cent of the bar soap market and growing at about 30 per cent. So next week, we will launch Godrej No. 1 Face Wash, foraying into this market.
But isn't it a highly competitive market?
Through compelling packaging and a disruptive pricing format we hope to democratise face wash now because it has reached a critical mass. We are launching it at a very disruptive price point and we will also launch a multi-use sachet at Rs 10.
So this will be the first multi-use sachet for face wash and even our tubes will be priced about 30 per cent lower than comparable face washes in the market. This is the right time for us to democratise this category as well.
Isn't it a risky strategy to launch products in a downturn?
In the last six months, we had six launches. What's been good is that Expert Creme now is the largest selling hair creme in the country. And Good Knight Fast Card, in 11 months, has crossed Rs 100 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why mobile is the next target of cyber-attackCalifornia
(Its job is to ensure that…)
With computers giving way to mobiles, offline to online, local to cloud, the $80 billion business of technology security is tracing a similar arc. Developers, including 50 startups in India, are eyeing niches and the mobile, reports Shelley Singh.
Data is a weapon, a competitive advantage, and ShieldSquare, a Bangalore-based start-up, ensures it stays that way for its e-commerce clients, a list that includes marriage portal shaadi.com, and real estate portals magicbricks.com and indiaproperties.com. While thousands of users trawl through the data on these sites, a ShieldSquare software whirrs away in the background, its client's data interests in mind.
Its job is to ensure that no one is picking off data — like customer marriage profiles, properties for rent — on a wholesale basis from its client's website. "We are into content protection: we ensure nobody is scraping data from our customer's site," says 29-year-old Pavan Thatha, founder-CEO of ShieldSquare. "What Norton, Kaspersky, Quick Heal are for anti-virus on desktops, we are for scrapping."
In the vast landscape of technology and data security, ShieldSquare — founded in 2013 and backed by Rs 2 crore from Samir Sood, former head of M&A and investments for Google in South Asia — is playing in a small corner, a niche. There are many more like it in the Indian technology-security market.
About 50-odd, according to Data Security Council of India (DSCI), a subgrouping of industry grouping Nasscom, and three-fourths of them birthed in the past two to four years. So, for example, Pawaa Software has a product that secures document sharing among devices.
IndusFace has a security product that only monitors mobile apps and checks for bugs. InstaSafe offers encryption services for data in transit. CloudCodes focuses on security for Google apps.
"About $25 million of angel and venture money has gone into security start-ups in the last couple of years," says Vinayak Godse, director, DSCI. "There has been a spurt in start-ups in this area as threats have gone up and we are more connected today than ever before, multiplying risks. The consequent security market opportunity is also bigger."
According to research firm Gartner, technology security is a $80 billion business globally, growing at 7%-8% a year. In India, growing at 8% a year, it will cross $1 billion in 2015. The market comprises security software, hardware and services.
It's a market dominated by large players like Symantec, McAfee, Norton and Kaspersky, but smaller players are addressing niches in computing and the mobile to become relevant.
"The hope is that someday, we will be bought by a Symantec or a McAfee," says the promoter of a startup, not wanting to be named.
From PC To Mobile
Given the work they are trying to do, they might. Even large companies have grown by buying great products and applying their marketing might to them. The adversary is such that this process never stops.
The network has expanded: from standalone computers to desktop internet and mobile internet. So have the ambitions and target area of malicious code writers.
Computer viruses, which started as friendly competition among engineers, now wreak havoc, from crippling state utilities to cheating individual smartphone users.
 
Kevin Mandia, senior vice-president & COO of FireEye, a $200 million firm based in California, says we are in the fifth generation of the attack landscape. The first, before 1993, was on Unix machines, where engineers sitting in their basements targeted their colleagues for fun. The second stage, between 1993 and 1998, targeted servers. "In this stage, intrusion was not only a technical issue but also a business issue as there was loss of money," says Mandia.
The third stage, between 1998 and 2003, saw the landscape of attacks become more global: Microsoft Windows servers were targeted, with users receiving mails like asking them to make a small deposit to receive the lottery prize they won. "The past decade has seen an attempt to monetise malware-like mails," says Vinoo Thomas, senior product manager of McAfee. Stage four, between 2003 and 2013, saw the emergence of cyber crime and cyber espionage. And now, in stage five, it's mobile networks and users who are being targeted via malicious apps.
"The threat vectors have multiplied in the smartphone era and that's a completely new challenge," says Kalyan Kumar, senior vice-president & chief technologist, infrastructure services, HCL Technologies. Today, on your smartphone, you use a browser and apps (bank, cab service, shopping), download music, pay bills and do social networking, among other things. Attackers can come in from any of these via a malicious app — an e-mail offering a job, file sharing, or a bug residing on the phone tracking your social media usage — to understand your behaviour. "It's like pick pocketing your wallet," adds Kumar.

Online banking data stealing virus on the prowl in cyberspaceYou are here: Home > Collections > Banking
Online banking data stealing virus on the prowl in cyberspace
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 03.39PM IST
Tags:
cyberspace
(The malware mainly targets…)
NEW DELHI: Cyber security sleuths have alerted online banking customers in the country against the malicious activity of a deadly 'Trojan' virus which steals classified data and passwords of a vulnerable user.
"It has been reported that variants of a new banking Trojan dubbed as 'Dyreza' are spreading. The malware mainly targets the customers of well-known financial institutions running Microsoft Windows operating system ."
"It propagates by using social engineering techniques or by means of spam messages pretending to be genuine mail received from financial institution containing either a Zip or PDF as an email attachment exploiting the vulnerability in unpatched versions of Adobe Reader to download the malware.
"The ZIP contains a self executing malware which installs itself on the target system on being extracted," the Computer Emergency Response Team of India (CERT-In) said in its latest advisory to users of online banking system.
The CERT-In is the nodal agency to combat hacking, phishing and to fortify security-related defences of the Indian Internet domain.
The agency said the malware is capable to wreak havoc into a secure system in a number of ways.
The 'Trojan' virus, an unauthorised programme which passively gains control over another system by representing itself as an authorised programme, steals infected bank customers' online banking credentials, can bypass secure protection settings using browser hijacking, can capture keystrokes, perform man-in-the-middle attack to intercept network traffic and communicate with command and control server, the agency said.
Once the spam mail is received by a bank customer, the agency said, it "entices" the user to download and extract the Zip file which then begins its destructive and stealing action.
The virus is categorised as "deadly" as it can acquire as many as ten aliases to evade anti-virus updates.
The said malware performs by injecting malicious code in the web browsers including Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, so that when infected user visits any of the banking sites their credentials are stolen.
The command traffic, after the virus is activated in the user network, is first re-directed to the malicious server and then to the legitimate banking site thereby copying and stealing proprietary data, the advisory said.
The CERT-In has suggested some counter-measures to safeguard against this virus.
"Configure your email server to block or remove email that contains file attachments that are commonly used to spread threats such as .vbs, .bat, .exe, .pif and .scr files, set Internet and local intranet security zone settings to high, lock out accounts after number of incorrect login attempts.
"Also, limit or eliminate the use of shared or group accounts, do not visit untrusted websites, enable firewall at gateway or desktop level, do not download or open attachment in emails received from untrusted sources or unexpectedly received from trusted users and install and scan anti-malware engines and keep them up-to-date," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys to hire over 2 100 people in U.S.New Delhi, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 11:07 IST
Infosys to hire over 2,100 people in U.S.
PTI
Reuters The major recruitment drive in the U.S. will support the growth of Infosys’ business and enhance its capabilities, the company said in a statement. File photo
TOPICS
employment
Country’s second-largest software services firm Infosys plans to hire over 2,100 people in the U.S. over the next few months to expand capabilities across domains, including digital, big data, analytics and cloud.
The major recruitment drive in the U.S. will support the growth of Infosys’ business and enhance its capabilities, the company said in a statement.
“With this programme, Infosys will bolster its expertise in client relationship management, consulting and technical delivery. The addition of these employees will help Infosys provide its clients local market insights, industry-leading technology expertise, and timely responsiveness to critical issues,” the statement said.
While 1,500 professionals will be hired for consulting, sales and delivery during the current financial year, close to 600 Bachelors and Masters graduates will be roped in from U.S. Universities over the next 12 months.
Infosys will also recruit up to 300 management and technology graduates from U.S. universities, who will work across multiple technology domains, including digital, big data, analytics and cloud.
Up to 180 graduates will be recruited into the Infosys consulting practice in the U.S. and they will join existing teams advising clients on business and technology transformation strategies.
The Bangalore-based firm will also continue its global recruitment programme of hiring MBA graduates from leading business schools, recruiting 100 Masters graduates for its sales teams under this initiative.
“We believe in hiring professionals who will help us build a next-generation services company. Technology is truly reshaping the world around us today,” Infosys Head of Human Resources (Americas), Peggy Tayloe said.
The recruitment drive will leverage a wide range of relationships between Infosys and academic institutions across the U.S., cultivated through programmes like InStep Internship Program and the recently announced collaboration with the Institute for Computational & Mathematical Engineering at Stanford University.
“We are particularly looking forward to bringing a large group of graduates into Infosys in the U.S. This is a terrific time for young, smart and talented leaders to be graduating from the best American schools and choosing a career in the technology industry,” Infosys Executive Vice President and Head of Infosys Americas, Sandeep Dadlani said.
For most Indian IT services firms, the U.S. accounts for the largest chunk of revenues.
Infosys, which has over 1.65 lakh employees, registered 60.8 per cent of its revenues from North America. Its revenues stood at Rs. 13,342 crore for the quarter ended September.

Infosys to hire 2 100 people in US to boost global presenceInfosys to hire 2,100 people in US for global presence boost
Nivedita Bhattacharjee     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 18:36 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Infosys, the country's second largest IT services provider, said it plans to hire over 2,100 people in the United States as the company works towards scaling up its global presence and boost key work areas like client relationship management and consulting.
The software services major said on Thursday the hiring would include up to 300 management and technology graduates who would work across multiple technology domains including digital, big data, analytics and cloud.
Infosys will recruit up to 180 graduates into the company's consulting practice in the United States, the IT services major said.
Like most rivals, Infosys gets the major chunk of its business from clients in the US.
Infosys has been making a big push towards new-age technology like cloud computing and digitisation. Chief Executive Vishal Sikka , who is based in the US, has said he wants to revive growth through automation and artificial intelligence as clients modernise their technologies .
(Reuters)

Markets to remain closed today for Gurunanak JayantiMarkets to remain closed today for Gurunanak Jayanti
Agencies     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 11:26 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
All major markets, including the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), the National Stock Exchange (NSE), Forex, Money, Bullion and Oilseeds markets, will remain closed on Thursday on account of 'Gurunanak Jayanti'.
The benchmark BSE index Sensex on Wednesday breached the 28,000-level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
The broader 50-share NSE index Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over Tuesday's close. The NSE gauge touched a record intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
Meanwhile, the rupee ended almost flat on Wednesday at 61.41 against the US dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market on alternate bouts of buying and selling.

We will be able to sort out things faster than anybody has imaginedStory
'We will be able to sort out things faster than anybody has imagined'
It is not about ownership but leadership, management and vision. My aim is to make CIL a company that produces one billion tonnes of coal by 2019, says Piyush Goyal.
Josey Puliyenthuruthel and Anilesh S Mahajan      Follow @JoseyJohn    Edition: Oct 12, 2014
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal.
He admits that the present coal situation is messy but is sure that a turnaround is possible. While the sector awaits Supreme Court's final verdict on illegal coal blocks, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal shares his objective with Business Today's Josey Puliyenthuruthel and Anilesh S Mahajan. Edited excerpts.
Q- The coal sector, it seems, is in a mess. What's the outlook?
A- The coal production in the last four years has been going up at less than 2 per cent. But after studying the sector and discussing about it with stakeholders, I am bullish. We will be able to sort out things faster than anybody has imagined. We have requested the Supreme Court to bring a finality in the judgment on captive mines. Everyone wants stability in policy and clarity in law. There were some doubts about the fate of bank loans. We have assured the court that the government will sort it out.
Q- But some money has already been disbursed.
A- If a court declares something illegal, it just cannot become legal because the banks have loaned some money. In the 2G case , when the court found the licences illegal, it scraped them. That was the end of the story.
Q- What will happen to those mines?
A- We have submitted a status report on the 40 coal-producing mines and six that are yet to be mined. The work has stopped for want of clarity from the apex court. The government has not proposed any course of action to the court but have sought finality to the issue. We know that money has been disbursed and many end-use plants have come up. If the court scraps the licences, Coal India Limited (CIL) can step in as custodians. Nobody will lose job and production will not stop. The silver lining is that six mines are ready for production and there are 13 of them that can be mined in six to eight months.
Q- Will that also come under the custodian?
A- I actually don't know until the final judgment comes. In these 13 mines, there are some evacuation challenges. There are other 20 odd mines where evacuation has been completed and production can start in a year and a half or so. The country is starving for domestic coal and cannot sit on it. Resolution is in the interest of the country. I see a great future for the Indian power sector. The new method would be transparent and allocation will be through a honest process.
Q- What's the time frame for the turnaround?
A- It is not about how quickly I auction the mines. It is about how quickly I get coal from these mines. I have suggested my ministry to consider he Ultra Mega Power Plant model where we take all permissions and then seek bids. Among these coal blocks , some have to be disposed of quickly. My focus is on how I can get coal faster and then work backwards.
Q- What's the future for commercial mining? Can big companies come in?
A- We want to resolve the issue at hand first. The big companies can come today too. The doors are open. But they are willing to explore only if you give them the subsequent mining licence too. I cannot do that. I suggested to them that we are willing to pay for the exploration. Let us see what's available and then through transparent ways we can call for bids. I plan to strengthen the Central Mine Planning and Design Institute Limited. I am also looking at involving the private sector to demark the coal reserve.
 
Q- CIL is in a bigger mess. How do you propose to address it?
A- It is not about ownership but leadership, management and vision. My aim is to make CIL a company that produces one billion tonnes of coal by 2019, which means a CAGR of 18 per cent from now on. We are analysing the root cause and looking at ways to ramp up mines and open new ones. Exploration has to quadruple in the next 18 months. Last week, I spent a whole day with all the subsidiary chiefs of CIL, senior ministry officials and external resources whom we have engaged to rationalise coal linkage. Four days later I met coal and power ministry officials along with my advisory board. The first cut was submitted to me on Saturday. I made my suggestions and have given them one month to rework it. By October 31, the next cut will come. Very soon we will talk to railways to rationalise the 200-odd coal linkages.
Q- Is the environment ministry a roadblock?
A- Not much. The environment ministry is giving excellent support to me. Two days after our government took charge, a few policy issues were flagged of to me. I called up the minister, fixed the meeting next day, and resolved 85 per cent of the issues there. A timeline was fixed to resolve the rest.
Q- Is he able to resolve the puzzle of inviolate mines?
A- A detailed study is done and soon he will come up with results.
Q- How many mines do you think can come under this?
A- Not much. It is much less that what was done by earlier regime.

Techie from Kerala found murdered in BangalorePrint
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:00 pm | Updated: November 7, 2014 2:37 am
A software engineer from Kerala was found murdered near his residence in east Bangalore on Wednesday night. The techie, identified as Prajeeth Anand (30), worked with Tata Consultancy Services in Bangalore.
Police said that Anand had returned from work at around 8.30 pm, but left again after receiving a phone call. His body was later found with his throat slit about three km away from his house. While his car was was missing, his wallet, watch and mobile have been recovered, police said.
Some leads have been obtained from his call details, police said. They are looking for a few of his friends, who were suspected to have been with him at the time of his death.
From his call details, police have gathered that Anand was with a friend, Vikas, Wednesday night. Police say that Vikas has been missing since the incident.
Police said when Anand’s father first called him, Anand said he would be home soon. Later around 10.30 pm, when his father called again, someone answered and said that Anand had been murdered.

Orchids under threat in Saputara as tourism grows: Research scholarPrint
By: Express News Service | Vadodara | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:52 am
Rapid growth of tourism in Saputara at the ecologically sensitive Western Ghats in the Dangs district of Gujarat has taken a toll on some rare orchids that grow there. The findings have come as a shock to the researchers at the MS University who are surveying the orchids under a project funded by the state government’s Gujarat Biodiversity Board.
The field study carried out to look at the status of some of the rarest varieties of orchid flowers grown exclusively in Saputara and surrounding areas in the Dangs suggest they are being threatened by the growth of tourism in the region.
“Tourists are not sensitive to the ecologically sensitive region and do not think twice before plucking these flowers,” said P S Nagar, a faculty associated with the botany department of the MSU. Nagar is carrying out the survey along with research scholar, Mittal Bhatt.
When Bhatt visited Saputara in July this year, she was amazed by the abundance of the single-leaf white orchid growing in abundance on a rocky region at a high altitude, which forms perfect condition for the growth of this type of flower known as habernaria longicorniculata, and which are found only in Saputara in Gujarat and elsewhere along the Western Ghats. But when Nagar visited the same spot a few months later, he found few such flowers.
“Tourists visiting Saputara during monsoon had plucked the flower in large numbers. The problem is that the flower grows and multiplies after its seeds get affected by the mycorrhiza fungus. It does not grow if it is plucked and thrown to the ground,” Bhatt said. This variety of orchid generally grows during monsoon.
Another variety of purple white orchid with bulby base that grows on trees mostly found in Saputara is also threatened, mainly because of large-scale cutting of the trees on which these orchids grow. “The trees are being chopped off because of the demand of growth made by increasing number of tourists. The trees grow in moist areas at a high altitude and in Gujarat such as Saputara. A similar orchid with larger bulbuous base also growing on tree in the region is also being threatened,” Bhatt said.
Another variety of orchid that comes in pink colour and grows in a bunch is threatened as they are plucked and sold at a very high price in the bordering areas of Maharashtra. These are wild orchids that grow in tribal region but have a good market value. Natural disasters such as landslides and human interference are also threatening these rare orchids. The research covers a total 28 varieties of orchids that are found across the state.

Indian companies no match for Chinese sewing machine manufacturers: Gujarat govtPrint
Written by Aditi Raja | Vadodara | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:45 am
The state government preferred a Chinese company for distribution of sewing machines over Indian ones at the seventh edition of the annual Garib Kaly-an Mela (GKM). This was as the government found no Indian manufacturer for multi-stitch machines, officials said.
This year, the state government acquired over 28,000 sewing machines from a Chinese company, Feiyue Group located in Jiaojiang, Taizhou, the coast city of Zhejiang province, marking its entry into the GKM. Feiyue, officials say, beat three other bidders including Indian brand Usha International and Rajesh Trading Company from Pune. A fourth bidder, Ramnath Gupta was disqualified as the sample of the sewing machine “did not meet the technical requirement”. The Feiyue machines were distributed between mid-September to end of October  across the 127 melas held to cover 10 lakh beneficiaries.
While Indian manufacturers offer similar machines, government claims to have given the contract to Feiyue as it manufactures the ‘multi stitch’ sewing machines. According to officials of Gujarat Rural Industries Marketing Corporation Ltd. (GRIMCO), an arm of the state government’s cottage industries department and the nodal agency for acquiring the items for GKM distribution, they were cleared by the state purchase committee headed by an Additional Chief Secretary of the state.
GRIMCO managing director I K Patel said, “About two years ago, the government decided to give out multi-stitch machines instead of the simple Usha machines to help beneficiaries. There is a specification of the government of Gujarat that Indian machines do not qualify as multi-stitch machines. Even brands like Usha are imported from Taiwan and delivered to the government.” said Patel justifying the Feiyue contract. According to GRIMCO officials, firms who-se first samples meet the quality requirements are chosen. The requirements include ISO gra-de metal casting, motor power of the machine as well as the saffron colour of the body, issued by the state government. Until 2012, the government distributed standard machines, but officials say the amendment of specifications was made since 2013, where suppliers were asked to deliver “saffron” machines, just like the saffron cycles that were distributed to beneficiaries.
Officials say the tender bid placed by Feiyue, through its distributor Mehala, was finalised in the first week of July. Usha International and Rajesh Trading Company have supplied sewing machines in the previous years of the GKM, while Mehala was also the official supplier of its Orbito series in 2013. This year, Mehala is delivering the saffron Feiyue machines, imprinted with the Mela’s logo and packaged in cartons reading ‘Gujarat Sarkar, Garib Kalyan Mela 2014’ and an MRP of Rs 6,500. The list of beneficiary details across the districts too account the cost of sewing machines provided to the beneficiaries at Rs 6,000. However, GRIMCO says the government acquired the consignment at the rate of Rs 4,506 per piece in September.
An email sent by The Indian Express, seeking the response of the group on their Indian ventures in the offing, went unanswered although the website of the company states that, “Officials appreciated Feiyue’s high efficiency and also after-sale service. They said continued…

BSP renominates Dalit MPs for two RS berthsMayawati on Wednesday
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:35 am
BSP chief Mayawati on Wednesday announced that Rajya Sabha members Rajaram and Veer Singh, both Dalits, will be renominated to the Upper House in the upcoming elections.
The party will face maximum loss as the term of six of its MPs is ending next month but it can send only two of its leaders to the Rajya Sabha.
The BJP, which won all 17 seats reserved for scheduled castes this summer, could dent the BSP’s traditional support base. Which is why BSP has decided to field Rajaram, a Jatav from Azamgarh in eastern UP, and Singh, a Jatav from Moradabad in west UP, is to assuage Jatavs, party’s main supporters among Dalits, especially in communally-scarred west UP.
“BSP is unable to send one representative each from SC, OBC, Muslim and upper caste sections to RS because of reduction in its strength in the Assembly. And if a member from any other section except SC will be elected, the other sections will feel sidelined. So, the party has decided to repeat both members who are from party’s support base of Dalits,” Mayawati said.
Rajaram, who first became RS member in 2008, and Singh, who will get elected for the third term, are long-time BSP workers and oversee party affairs in four and three states respectively.
Four sitting members, who have been denied ticket, are Brajesh Pathak, a Brahmin, Brijlal Khabri, a Dalit from Bundelkhand, Avtar Singh Karimpuri, a Dalit from Punjab,  and Das.
Mayawati also said her party will contest Assembly elections in Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir without any alliances. She termed the visit of PM Narendra Modi to Varanasi as part of an ongoing drama (natakbazi).
Replying to a question about construction of a flyover near her residence by the Akhilesh Yadav government, she said this shows SP’s “lowly, shallow and dirty” politics.

Didi demands CBI probe into chit fund benefits to mediaPrint
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:14 am
Giving a clean chit to her party members in the multi-crore Saradha financial scam, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday trained her guns at a certain section of “paid media” for trying to portray them as thieves. She also demanded a CBI investigation into the “financial benefits” received by some media houses for publishing advertisements of the chit fund companies and “glorifying the chit fund owners”.
“The central agencies are probing into the channels owned by Saradha, bought by Saradha and sold by Saradha. But today I am officially demanding an investigation into the financial benefits received by the media houses from the chit fund companies,” Mamata said.
She said soon after Saradha group went bust there were several “TV channels, which suddenly vanished”. “What happened to them? There is a law that says glorifying the chit fund companies and doing publicity for them is also a crime. There are some media houses which had carried jacket advertisements for the chit fund companies and had earned crores. This is also corruption. They should be booked too,” she said.
She said newspapers in west Bengal tried to dub “our party men as thieves” although no chit fund money was taken by the TMC. “I have no grudge against you, but do not tell lies. I have documents to prove everything. I know which journalist and editor accept freebies and from whom. Who gets things from shops for free. I know who gets free food delivered for rice ceremony and marriage anniversaries. But I am gentle enough not to disclose the names,” she added.
Mamata’s comments have come at a time when the CBI and ED have already questioned some partymen, including a state minister, in connection with the Saradh chit fund scam.
She said she had no objection to the two agencies investigating into the deals between artist Suvaprasanna and the Saradha Group. “There are several other deals between TV channels and some media houses. Those should also be investigated. Why did the Government of India allow chit funds to operate and not declare them illegal? Chit funds were operating in Bengal since the 80’s when the Left Front was in power. Why did the Centre issue media licenses to the chit funds? Where were the SEBI, RBI and other agencies at that time?”, she asked.
Referring to black money, Mamata without naming BJP wondered “how a party which spends crores of rupees during election campaign will be able to curb black money”.

LIC nets Rs 10k-cr through bold contrarian stock callsLIC nets Rs 10,000 crore by taking bold contrarian stock calls
ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 08.36AM IST
Tags:
Bajaj Auto
(LIC’s mantra is simple:…)
In the game of stock picking, the largest local investor, LIC has been a contrarian. It's a bet that has paid off so far in the current bull run.
LIC's mantra is simple: buy shares of operationally sound companies that are caught in unfavourable business cycle and trading at a lower multiple. Based on the latest stock holdings, the state-owned insurer has gained almost Rs 10,000 crore in the past four quarters on back of its contrarian calls on scrips like BHEL and Axis Bank.
In both stocks, LIC raised its stake nearly 4% since December 2013 when several brokerages gave 'sell' call and even three months ago many were bearish about the stocks. "The biggest ability of LIC is to relate the current valuation and current business cycle of the operationally sound companies. When they find valuation of a stock is discounting current business cycle excessively, LIC buys the stock," said G Chokkalingam, Founder, Equinomics Research . "What works in favour of LIC is the duration of holding period for a stock. Being an insurance company, it can hold stock for 8-10 years. However, mutual funds do not have such flexibility as they are under pressure to outperform the benchmark index on a quarterly basis," he said.
The point LIC started buying BHEL, three out of four analysts covering the stock came out with 'sell' reports. Their reasons: a depleted order book and an operating profit margin that was 50% lower than the historical average; and, thanks to competition, things are unlikely to look up till FY16.
Similarly, investors dumped bank stocks as a tight money market had increased cost of borrowing.
Axis Bank, with high loan exposure to power and infrastructure companies, was among the stocks to suffer the most. A year ago, the private lender was trading at a discount of 45% to its 5-year average price-to-book multiple.
"The price plays a pivotal role in LIC's investment decision. If a stock looks attractive even after factoring earnings de-growth, it becomes a clear buy for an investor with longer investment horizon.
This is the reason why LIC is able to generate higher returns by picking up operationally sound stocks that are punished by the market badly due to their cyclical nature of business," said Amit Tiwari, portfolio manager at Escorts Securities .
Over the past few quarters, LIC has been consistently paring down its holding in IT stocks. But Infosys is an exception. Till September 2014, the stock had fared badly compared to its peers following adverse analyst reports.
But LIC had been quietly increasing stake in the company - from 3.25% in March 2014 to 4.45% in September 2014. During the same period, it raised its holdings in Bajaj Auto , NTPC and NMDC, which had underperformed in the past few months as most viewed the stocks differently than LIC.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Life Insurance Corporation loses market share in first halfLife Insurance Corporation loses market share in first half
Sangita Mehta, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 06.01AM IST
Tags:
DLF Pramerica
(Data released by regulator…)
MUMBAI: The absence of products and a scarce presence in unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) have cut into the market share of industry leader Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India. Its share of policies sold in the first half of this fiscal year dropped to 72 per cent from 75 per cent in the corresponding year-ago period.
The insurance industry saw a 1.7 per cent dip in first-year premium collections due to the lower growth registered by LIC. Data released by regulator Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) showed that first-year premium collection stood atRs 49,178 crore in September against Rs 50,056 crore a year ago. LIC saw a 5 per cent dip in new business in the first half to Rs 35,833 crore.
Among private insurers, DLF Pramerica saw 386 per cent growth, mainly because of a low base. Private sector leaders ICICI Prudential and HDFC Standard Life logged 37 per cent and 31 per cent growth, respectively, in the same period. "As of now, we do not have Ulip products, but we expect it to be on the shelf by March this year," LIC chairman SK Roy told reporters on the sidelines of a recent event organised by ET Edge. Data released by rating company Icra showed that the share of Ulips in new business generated in 2012-13 in LIC's portfolio was less than 1 per cent against 35 per cent for private insurers. Areport by Espirito Santo Securities attributes lower premium collection by LIC to low availability of products, and a base effect as the company aggressively pushed life insurance products last year, highlighting service tax issues.
It further said LIC has just 22 products in the market versus 60 or so products earlier. Ulips have gained some gloss with the rally in equities. Such instruments allow the policyholder to choose the asset in which savings are invested and returns are linked to the performance of this asset. While traditional products require that the bulk of the investments is in government bonds, Ulip holders can choose to invest their entire contribution in equities.
Deepak Mittal, MD and CEO of Edelweiss Tokio, which saw a healthy growth of 63 per cent, said the industry is adjusting to product regime changes that took place in January. Giving the outlook for the second half, Vibha Padalkar, executive director and CFO of HDFC Standard Life, said she expects overall individual premiums to be flat with private industry likely to grow at about 10 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Precision mfg firm Aequs to hire 400 more personnel for aiding expansionYou are here: Home > Collections > Aerospace
Aequs to hire 400 more personnel for aiding expansion
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 08.48PM IST
Tags:
Aequs
(Precision manufacturing…)
MUMBAI: Precision manufacturing firm Aequs today said it will hire 400 additional skilled workforce in the next one year to support its aggressive growth and expansion plans.
The company, formerly QuEST Global Manufacturing , will deploy 240 (60 per cent) of the new employees as shop-floor and machine operators, 140 (35 per cent) persons in the staff and supervisory roles and reaming 20 persons as managers, Aequs said in a release.
The Belgaum-based firm has presence in aerospace, automotive and oil and gas segments.
"With the increased focus on machining capabilities and technology in India, the market will drive the development of skilled operators. Over time, this growth will generate a valuable knowledge dividend in manufacturing which will drive India's long term economic success", Aequs chairman and chief executive Aravind Melligeri said.
Aequs is growing its machining businesses by 50 per cent year-on-year and expects to continue this trajectory, the release said, adding the fast-growing aerospace, oil and gas, and automotive components manufacturing sectors open up huge opportunities for skilled employees.
Aequs specialises in precision machining, sheet-metal fabrication, assembly, forging, and special processing for aerospace, automotive, and oil and gas industries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi to adopt village in his LS constituency VaranasiPrime Minister Narendra Modi to adopt village in his Lok Sabha constituency Varanasi
Manmohan Rai, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 04.01AM IST
Tags:
Lok Sabha
(The people of Jayapur village,…)
VARANASI: With Prime Minister Narendra Modi all set to adopt Jayapur village in his Lok Sabha constituency Varanasi, under the MPs' adopt-a-village scheme, the entire administration is focused on sprucing up the village ahead of the PM's visit.
The people of Jayapur village, located 32 km from Varanasi city centre in the Rohaniya assembly segment, are looking forward to the prime minister's visit to his constituency on November 7-8 with much hope as he is expected to announce a number of welfare and developmental measures.
The entire district administration has descended upon Jayapur, removing garbage, clearing wild bushes and giving the village a facelift. Under the Centre's 'Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana' project, each MP is supposed to adopt a village and develop it as a model village.
Although no official announcements have been made as yet, the village is expected to get modern community health centres, intermediate school, public toilets and drinking water facilities, post office and bank branches.
Jayapur has a long connection with the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh , with RSS shakhas being held here for the past 35 years since the Sangh stalwart Dattopant Thengadi's visit to the village.
This will be Narendra Modi's first visit to his constituency after being sworn in as the prime minister.
Modi had earlier visited the city and offered prayers at Kashi Vishwanath Mandir and taken part in Ganga Aarti after the Bharatiya Janata Party won the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP looking for reasons to make it SAD for BadalsYou are here: Home > Collections > Sikh
Shiromani Akali Dal to feel the heat from BJP?
Viney Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 04.11AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Punjab BJP affairs in-charge…)
CHANDIGARH: After Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and HJC in Haryana, it is the turn of Shiromani Akali Dal to feel the heat from BJP.
On Wednesday, Punjab BJP affairs in-charge Ramshankar Katheria said if the "situation develops like that in Haryana", BJP may fight the upcoming assembly polls due in 2017 on its own. Katheria's statement comes close on the heels of reports that the party might ask its chief parliamentary secretaries to resign in next few days since they hardly have any say in the decision-making. Chief parliamentary secretary is a member of legislative assembly, accorded with 'minister of state' rank.
Katheria also took a swipe at chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and deputy CM Sukhbir Badal when he said it was the first time in his political career that he was seeing a fatherson duo holding both top posts. SAD was quick to up the ante. "The SAD and BJP alliance is an emotional one. But if BJP plans to go solo, it's up to them," SAD general secretary MS Grewal told ET.
SAD has been trying to broadbase itself from being a predominantly Jat Sikh group by fielding a record number of Hindu candidates in the previous assembly polls. Political observers note RSS strengthening its hold in rural Punjab by starting more shakhas, while SAD has been inducting prominent Hindu faces from the business community — a core BJP vote base — at the top level.
It recently inducted industrialist Rajinder Gupta as general secretary of the party. Gupta, chairman of Rs 5,000-crore Trident Group, is also vice-chairman of Punjab State Planning Board. MD of Nahar Group, Kamal Oswal, who was roped in as industrial advisor to CM, may be catapulted to an important post in SAD soon.
BJP sources say ex-Amritsar MP Navjot Sidhu could soon be more visible in the state. "For the welfare of party and workers I can go to any extent," Sidhu said. BJP has replied the same way by roping in a Sikh face — Akali leader and former Punjab DGP PS Gill.
The reported plan of Modi government to announce fresh compensation to victims of 1984 anti-Sikh riots was part of BJP's larger gameplan for Punjab as much as it was for wooing Sikh votes for Delhi polls. "If anyone has to be afraid of this tactical move, it has to be SAD," says political scientist Prof Surinder Shukla at Panjab University in Chandigarh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MHA using Burdwan blast to tarnish muslims: Jamat-Ulema-e-Hindblast
(Two persons were killed…)
KOLKATA: Jamat-Ulema-e-Hind and officials of Darul Uloom Deoband, an Islamic school, which condemns any terrorism, on Wednesday held a meeting here and said that a conspiracy was being hatched to tarnish the image of entire Muslim community by using the Burdwan blast incident as a tool.
Addressing the meeting here, Jamat-Ulema-e-Hind general secretary Maulana Mahmood Madani said central intelligence agencies and Union Home Ministry were engaged in witch-hunting in Burdwan blast case and, "I feel a conspiracy is being hatched to tarnish the image of the entire Muslim population in our state."
"What was the central agencies and the Home Ministry doing when such activities by terror groups were going on? If any unlawful thing is going on in madrasas and it is proved, we will fully cooperate with the agencies," Madani said.
"If someone is guilty, then he should be punished. But please don't indulge in witch-hunting and tarnish the entire community. The central agencies are leaking information to the media about raids in mardasas which in turn is creating problems for the entire community," he said.
Madrasas operating in Bengal and throughout India work for the benefit of the masses, he asserted.
The National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) is now investigating the Burdwan blast case and found links with suspected al-Qaeda and Jama'atul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) terrorists with Simulia madrasa in the district as the accused were believed to have been indoctrinated there.
"A conspiracy is being hatched to malign the entire community. We have to fight against this to protect the Muslims. I must say that the condition of Muslims in India is much better than their counterparts in other countries of the Indian sub continent," said Madani.
"India belongs to all communities. During partition, we had the option of leaving India but our forefathers choose to be part of India. But if such kind of vilification campaign continues against us, then it will alienate the entire community," he added.
Jamat general secretary Siddiqullah Chowdhury said that they along with Deoband activists will hold a huge rally in Kolkata soon to prevent moves by different quarters to establish that the entire Muslim community was involved in terrorism.
Deoband runs about 800 madrasas in West Bengal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jet Airways to ground low-cost flights from December 1Jet Airways to ground low-cost flights from December 1, focus on full-service operations
ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 02.37AM IST
(The Naresh Goyal-founded airline Jet…)
NEW DELHI: Jet Airways will not operate low-cost flights from December 1, as the carrier is closing a service it started six years ago to now focus exclusively on full-service operations.
The Naresh Goyal-founded airline started offering low-cost flights after acquiring Air Sahara and renaming it JetLite. Its move to end that service, now being offered under the JetKonnect brand, comes at a time when the Singapore Airlines-Tata Sons joint venture is getting ready to launch a premium service by the end of December and competition is intensifying in the budget space.
Goyal had recently said that multiple brands and product offerings confused customers and that the strategy, going forward, would be to remain true to the full-service carrier philosophy with just one product - Jet Airways.
"We are moving out of low-fare and will be offering only full-service inventory from December 1, 2014," said chief commercial officer Raj Shivkumar.
Industry insiders say it would not be easy for the airline to get back corporate travellers, with a large number of them moving to low-cost airlines like IndiGo and SpiceJet.
According to Shivkumar, the airline already has a large base of corporate clients and he expects more to join it. "We have a large network, which would also include Etihad's international network, to offer to our corporate clients. Also, we will be offering a much improved and great product that will bring a large number of corporates to us," he told ET on the sidelines of the launch of flights to Ho Chi Minh City from Delhi via Bangkok.
The Vietnamese city is Jet's 22nd international destination. Shivkumar said over the coming days, the airline would connect more Indian cities with international destinations.
It plans to launch direct flights to Abu Dhabi from Lucknow and Goa by the middle of this month and connect Ahmedabad and Pune with the UAE capital by next March, he said.
Post its deal with Etihad Airways - the Abu Dhabi-based airline bought a 24% stake in Jet Airways - the Indian carrier had announced plans to connect 23 smaller cities in the country with international destinations via Abu Dhabi.
The plan is on track, said Shivkumar. "We will be connecting 10 cities by March next year and the rest would follow. The expansion will depend on a lot of factors like the potential of the route and others."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Now  shell out more if you are parking at Chennai airportNow, shell out more if you are parking at Chennai airport
ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 11.13AM IST
(The hike comes without any…)
CHENNAI: After being in the news for all the wrong reasons, Chennai Airport is coming out with some more bad news. A passenger to Chennai Airport will not only have to deal with fears of falling ceilings and overflowing toilets but will now also have to shell out 60% more for using the airport parking lot.
The hike comes without any value addition and amid complaints that Chennai, among all other airports in the country, charges the highest rates already, providing zero infrastructural facilities. "It's only a standard policy to review the parking prices every five to six years," said airport director Suresh regarding the move.
Although the four-wheeler parking rate is fixed at Rs 70 (inclusive of service taxes) for spending above 10 minutes inside the airport at present, the owner has to cough up a sum of Rs 135 if the location used by the vehicle is premium, that is, closer to the terminal. The price revision will make sure that this would go above Rs 200.
"It's specifically for discipline. The moment I say its free, people will have a tendency to park their cars along the corridor and block it. So it's an alert to the drivers that they should clear the corridor within 10 minutes," Suresh said. But users complain that they are forced to pay up the sum due to a heavy rush of vehicles near the toll booths at the end of the elevated corridor which is approximately 1.2-km long. This forces them to spend more time within the airport complex even if they do not intend to. No relaxation norms have been facilitated to compensate for this time wasted inside the airport.
"The parking fee is definitely very high. I haven't heard of this kind of parking fee anywhere else. It will be too high for us if they are going to increase it by 60%," said a visitor to the airport Rajesh Mehra from Villivakkam in Chennai.
The main criticism is that the airport charges a high price without providing proper infrastructural facilities, unlike other airports. To put things in perspective, the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport in Mumbai provides a 10-storeyed multi-level car parking (MLCP) facility for 5,200 cars and charges Rs 200 for the first 30 minutes.
The Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi provides its passengers with unique features like parking guidance system and centralised pay stations on each level of its MLCP and charges a fee of Rs 80. Other airports like the Hyderabad's Rajiv Gandhi International Airport and Bengaluru's Kempegowda International Airport provide state-of-the-art facilities like integrated parking system and radio frequency identification card for frequent users and charges Rs 90 respectively.
President of Air Passengers' Association of India G Sudhakar Reddy pointed out that the cars were not even allowed to come and pick up near the arrival area unlike in other airports, forcing the users to go to the parking area which already charges very high. "There are no facilities arranged to help senior citizens or wheel-chair users," he added. The bad news comes amid some very adverse reactions to the functioning of the airport from Union Minister Ashok Gajapati Raju, who visited the airport on September 29. "Chennai is a prime city and it has not got what it deserves as an airport," the minister was reported to have said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MEHAIR to begin intra-state flights: Gujarat aviation ministerGujarat Government
(The Gujarat government…)
AHMEDABAD: For better intra-state air connectivity, the Gujarat government has selected a private airline to operate flights between different cities of the state, state civil aviation minister Saurabh Patel said today.
According to a press release, Patel said that Maritime Energy Heli Air Services (MEHAIR) has been awarded a contract to operate services between various cities in Gujarat.
Initially, the company would start flights to cities like Ahmedabad, Surat, Jamnagar, Bhavnagar, Bhuj, Kandla, Keshod, Porbandar and Rajkot, Patel said.
"Within two months, the service will be operational in the state. State owned Gujarat State Aviation Infrastructure Company floated a tender earlier and selected MEHAIR to operate the service in Gujarat. It will help buisnessmen and other citizens reach their destinations quickly," Patel said.
For the regional airline service, the company would deploy two aircrafts with a seat capacities ranging from nine to 19 passengers each, the release said.
In the coming days, a timetable of flights would be released by the company.
MEHAIR has selected Ahmedabad and Surat to park its aircraft, Patel said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

8 must-know facts about the New Maruti Alto K10New Alto K10: Must-know facts
6 Nov, 2014
Anand Mohan, Zigwheels.com
Maruti's Alto has continued to receive timely updates. The last Maruti model to get a thorough makeover, however, was the Alto 800. But, now, it's K10's turn; the more powerful, the more fun to drive and the slightly more expensive Alto.
Here are the top 8 facts about the Alto K10 that you need to know...

What the India-bound Ford Endeavour may look likePlease answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

New Maruti Alto K10 vs Hyundai Eon 1.0 Comparison ReviewNew Maruti Alto K10 vs Hyundai Eon 1.0 Comparison Review
1/19
New Maruti Alto K10 vs Hyundai Eon 1.0
5 Nov, 2014
The 85,000 square feet space is divided into various themes, like super models and fashion mag...
 
This year's weirdest questions come courtesy of Apple, Twitter, Goldman Sachs, Google, Amazon,...
 
New York's biggest subway hub opened Sunday in lower Manhattan _ a vital link between the new ...
 
>
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

Samsung second-largest consumer company in IndiaSamsung overtakes ITC to become second-largest consumer-facing products company
Writankar Mukherjee & Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 07.00AM IST
(ITC’s total income for…)
MUMBAI | KOLKATA: Samsung has overtaken ITC to become India's second-largest consumer-facing products company by revenues, and now looks set to better Maruti this fiscal to take the top slot. The South Korean consumer electronics and smartphone maker reported revenues of Rs40,392 crore from its India operations for 2013-14, 45% higher than the previous year, according to latest filings with the Registrar of Companies. As per industry estimates, around half of Samsung India's revenues came from 'made in India' products.
Tobacco-to-FMCG conglomerate ITC's total income for last fiscal stood at Rs 34,345.74 crore while carmaker Maruti Suzuki had reported revenues of Rs 44,523.53 crore. Samsung India management is confident about overtaking Maruti Suzuki in sales this fiscal, with its sales, driven by mobile phones, continuing to grow in double digits even as the car market is struggling, industry insiders said. "A couple of months of poor sales will not have any immediate impact on Samsung and the company is confident to become the country's largest consumer-facing firm and MNC this fiscal, more so since the automobile sector is still grappling with poor sales," said one of the top trade partners of Samsung India.
RC Bhargava, chairman at Maruti Suzuki, recently told Reuters that the carmaker's growth this fiscal will average out at about 10% due to poor sales. Samsung, too, faced slower offtake of smartphones in the April-August period, but sales picked up from September and grew in double digits in the just-concluded festive season, two top trade partners of the company told ET. Samsung India declined to comment on the company's financials.
Interestingly, while Samsung has topped ITC in terms of revenue, it's nowhere near the Indian firm in profitability. Samsung India's net profit grew 54% last fiscal at Rs 2,636.8 crore while ITC reported net profit of Rs8,785.2 crore for the same period. Hindustan Unilever — which Samsung overtook in revenues in 2012-13 — and Maruti Suzuki, too, reported higher net profits than Samsung last fiscal at Rs3,867.5 crore and Rs2,783 crore, respectively.
Mobile handsets remain a low-margin business in India due to cut-throat price war led by competitors such as Motorola, Xiaomi and Micromax who have launched high-performance smartphones in the sub-Rs 0,000 price segment. The smartphone business has been a game changer for Samsung India, helping the company grow sales upwards of 40% a year in last two fiscals. A Samsung India spokesman said the company is committed to India and will continue to focus on product and service innovation with more than 180 million consumers in the country. As per estimates, the mobility business, comprising mobile phones and tablets, accounts for almost 70% of its revenue. Every third smartphone sold in the country is a Samsung, according to latest data from GfK. The brand also accounts for one-fourth of overall handset sales in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Web-only brands use marketplace to gain visibility & woo customersYou are here: Home > Collections
Web-only brands use marketplace to gain visibility & woo customers to own sites with unique offers
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 04.00AM IST
(Online retailers such as…)
BENGALURU: Large retailers struggling to ensure that online sellers don't cannibalise their traditional sales channels could learn a thing or two from young web-only brands, which offer products on their own websites and in marketplaces.
Depending on how you look at it, it's either a tightrope act or the best of both worlds. Online retailers of clothing and accessories such as American Swan, FabAlley, Vox Pop Clothing, Zovi and Yepme sell products on websites including Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon, Myntra and Jabong. These young fashion brands also have separate clothing lines and made-to-order products to drive traffic to their own sites.
"When you are new, you need visibility, which only aggregators can provide," said Anurag Rajpal, founder and chief executive officer of the American Swan Lifestyle Company, set up two years ago. "But the aggregators are chasing toplines aggressively and the heavy discounts ensure that our products are cheaper on their sites than on ours." Aggregators account for half of the sales of the American Swan brand of apparel and accessories and the company expects to double sales to Rs 80 crore in this financial year.
"We get to reach over a million people a day only because of being on marketplaces," said Shivani Poddar, co-founder of two-year-old FabAlley, which sells on Flipkart, Myntra and Jabong, apart from its own portal. "But customers have told us they buy our products on other sites due to higher discounts."
Marketplaces are good to gain reach, according to Rohan Dighe, founder of ViralMint, a technology provider that helps sites such as Lenskart, IndianRoots and FabAlley to maximise onsite revenue. "But as a brand owner, the brand will want to own the channel of distribution and highlight the brand, which will happen only on its own site," said Dighe.
Brands have to differentiate on product ranges and assortment to protect their core channel, Technopak's Singh said. "The rules of the game are getting established and brands - large or small - need to get used to the new reality of online marketplaces," she said.
Gurgaon-based American Swan is doing just that. It is set to launch a range of clothing for 18-to-24-year-olds that will be sold only on its portal for about 900. The company's core product range of western apparel and accessories is focused on 25-to-35-year-olds and is sold at an average price of Rs 1,500.
New Delhi-based FabAlley, with a gross revenue of about 1.8 crore a month, introduces about 400 new products every month on its site. Only one-fourth of them make it to other portals. Its new products are available on marketplaces 2-3 weeks after they are launched on FabAlley.
At $2.3 billion, e-tailing accounts for 0.4% of overall retail in India and is projected to grow rapidly to about 3% of the total domestic market, with a size of $32 billion by 2020, according to Technopak Advisors, a consultancy firm. There is growing demand for online channels that have a wider reach and deliver even in smaller cities and towns, Technopak said in a paper on its website. "It is still early days of e-commerce and that is why we are seeing this tussle between brands and online platforms," said Pragya Singh, an associate vice president at retail advisory firm Technopak.
The predicament is tougher for companies that get a significant portion of their sales from online marketplaces. For instance, over 70% of FabAlley's sales come from other portals.
Slightly older online-only brands such as Yepme and Zovi get less than 20% of their sales from third-party sites. Both companies only sell a portion of their range on marketplaces and launch products first on their own site before releasing to other portals. "If you want the full range, you have to come to our site," said Vevek Gaur, who co-founded Gurgaon-based Yepme in 2011.
Some brands offer unique services to attract buyers to their sites. Year-and-a-half old merchandising brand Vox Pop Clothing allows brands and even individuals to upload designs and customise T-shirts that are produced and sold on its platform. The company, which is targeting sales of Rs 1 crore a month by December, is set to start retailing some of its products on marketplaces such as Flipkart and Amazon.
American Swan and FabAlley are among those that also conduct flash sales on their sites and have set aside certain days of the month to offer discounts. "We need to continue to do business with the giants and sharks," said Rajpal of American Swan. "But we need to maintain a balance so that our brand is protected and there is no cannibalisation of sales from our own site."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian startups like Zomato show the way in gender parityYou are here: Home > Collections
Indian startups break the gender ceiling; Zomato hires 50% staff as women, Knowlarity hires 40%
Harsimran Julka, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 01.42AM IST
(Across 18 countries where…)
NEW DELHI: Silicon Valley may be ahead of the curve in technology innovation but several Indian startups are showing the way when it comes to gender parity at the workplace. At some ventures, women make up nearly half the workforce and they are also making inroads into male-dominated precincts like senior management and field sales.
"We definitely keep gender diversity in mind, while ensuring that we hire the best people," said Deepinder Goyal, cofounder of restaurant listing service Zomato where women make up 48 % of the 800-strong workforce.
Across 18 countries where the Gurgaon company operates, there are more women selling Zomato's services marking a shift in an area long regarded as a male bastion. "It's not a conscious decision.
However women are naturally inclined towards customer empathy. They can understand problems of clients and relate to them," said Upasana Nath, chief recruitment officer at Zomato, which is backed by Indian internet company InfoEdge and Silicon Valley's Sequoia Capital.
Others like cloud telephony provider Knowlarity and online marketplaces Snapdeal and LimeRoad also boast a healthy ratio of women employees, underlining growing gender sensitivity in the Indian startup sector. A trend which contrasts favourably with the situation in Silicon Valley, where the average ratio for female technology workers is 20-23% according to data from the Anita Borg Institute for Women and Technology.
When Stanford graduate Jyotsna Pattabiraman returned to India from the US in 2012, she was determined to work only for a new venture. "In large organisations I've sometimes not even been allowed to complete my sentence in meetings," said the former executive at eBay and Yahoo! "You feel like a potted plant, like you don't actually belong there." said Pattabiraman who on her return to India started ecommerce portal Unamia before signing up as a senior vice president at Knowlarity last year. For Indians startups hiring women is proving to be more than just a symbolic initiative; they are convinced it helps grow business.
Mukesh Lohar, head of sales at Knowlarity is of the view that women have an edge when it comes to selling a product online or on the phone - which is vastly different from feet-on-the-street.
"Women are also more persuasive, a quality needed in selling to businesses, where sales cycles are much longer," he said. Gurgaon -based Knowlarity, which is backed by US investors Sequoia and Mayfield, employs 40 women for every 60 men. But half of its field sales staff who sell to small and medium enterprises are women.
"About two decades ago, this number would have been about 3%-4%. The glass ceiling is definitely being broken by these new technology companies who don't come with a traditional mindset," said Nirmala Menon, CEO of Interweave Consulting, a Bangalore-based consultancy that focuses on diversity management.
Gender sensitivity is clearly helping Indian startups attract top women into their ranks.
Namita Gupta, a former Facebook executive who led a global function at Menlo Park company, chose Zomato over other large multinational jobs on her return to India.
"The fact that I could see dozens of women faces around in the technology startup made me at ease when I was making a transition to India," said Gupta, a mother to two young daughters She was not off the mark, for even within Indian technology firms like HCL Tech, just one-fourth of the staff are women while at Infosys the ratio is one-third. New ventures such as LimeRoad are making adjustments to ensure they can hire more women.
"For all employees, we have done away with attendance hours or log-ins. Employees have to come only for a few hours every day to attend a meeting to set the agenda. Post that they are free to deliver from the comfort of their home or wherever they are," said Suchi Mukherjee, CEO of Lime-Road, which has about 40 women for every 60 men. "It is a normal constraint that women face that they can't work longer hours at office once they get married or have kids, especially in India,' said Mukherjee whose startup and other fashion portals like Fashionara have hired a large number of women in areas such as cataloguing, merchandising and customer service.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Varanasi preparing to welcome Prime Minister Narendra ModiBy: Press Trust of India | Varanasi | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:22 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to undertake tomorrow his first visit to his Lok Sabha constituency Varanasi after assuming charge.
Preparations are in full swing and tight security is in place in the ancient temple town where Modi is expected to lay the foundation stone of a trade facilitation centre for weavers and also adopt a village under his “Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana” (MPs’ model village scheme).
According to Inspector General of Police (Public Grievances) Ashok Jain, 12 SP rank police officials of Uttar Pradesh, 18 Additional SPs, 20 Deputy SPs, 135 sub-inspectors, besides more than 1000 personnel of the Provincial Armed Constabulary have been deployed.
The Special Protection Group (SPG) which is responsible for the Prime Minister’s security would be assisted by officials and personnel of the Uttar Pradesh police.
Although there has been no official communication so far as to who would be coming along with the PM,  I G (Law and Order) A Satish Ganesh said arrangements have been made keeping mind the possibility of “five to six Union Ministers” accompanying Modi.
The Prime Minister’s visit, which is likely to last a little over 24 hours, has sent soaring the hope of a better future among residents of the temple town, which has been attracting people from far and wide since times immemorial.
Among the oldest cities in the world, Varanasi has been constantly in the spotlight ever since Modi chose to retain the constituency he had won by a huge margin of 3.7 lakh votes, vacating Vadodara in his home state of Gujarat where his victory (by 5.7 lakh votes) was even bigger.
Soon after the Bharatiya Janata Party won the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, Modi had visited the city and offered prayers at Kashi Vishwanath Mandir and taken part in Ganga Aarti.
During his tour, the Prime Minister is likely to lay the foundation stone of a trade facilitation centre and a crafts museum, announcement for which was made in the first general budget presented by his government in June this year.
The project is aimed at the uplift of the weavers, whose plight had been repeatedly highlighted in election speeches by Modi who had vowed to take steps for their betterment.
The Prime Minister is also likely to “adopt” a village under the “Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana”, announced by him in his Independence Day address as an attempt to “empower villagers”.
The Prime Minister, who had expressed his intention to transform the country “from scam India to skill India” – alluding to the numerous corruption allegations which the previous UPA government found itself mired in and pointing towards the need to encourage entrepreneurship – is also likely to inaugurate a skill development centre based on the Public Private Partnership model.
Local BJP leaders are upbeat over the first visit of the Prime Minister, who won the Lok Sabha seat by the highest margin ever recorded for this constituency.
Modi’s decision to fight continued…

Kapil as coach disappointed TendulkarNew Delhi, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 7, 2014 03:06 IST
Kapil as coach disappointed Tendulkar
PTI
PTI One of the finest Indian all-rounders of all time, Kapil Dev (right) was a “disappointment” when it came to coaching, reveals batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar (left) in his just-released autobiography ‘Playing It My Way’. File photo
TOPICS
cricket
One of the finest Indian all-rounders of all time, Kapil Dev was a “disappointment” when it came to coaching, reveals batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar in his just-released autobiography ‘Playing It My Way’.
Tendulkar has claimed that he was left disappointed by Kapil during one of the Australia tours since the coach never involved himself in strategic discussions.
In the chapter -- Tumultuous Times: India in Australia, November 1999-January 2000 -- Tendulkar has written that he had high expectations from Kapil.
“During my second stint as captain, we had Kapil Dev as our coach. He is one of the finest cricketers to have played for India and one of the best all-rounders of all time, and I had great expectations of him in Australia.
“I have always maintained that the coach’s job is an important one, for he is in a position to play a key role in formulating team strategy. Who better than Kapil to come up with options for me during a tough tour of Australia?
“However, his method of involvement and his thought process was limited to leaving the running of the team to the captain, and hence he did not involve himself in strategic discussions that would help us on the field,” Tendulkar writes.
The Indian batting great also shared his frustration on how some of his moves as captain did not pay off but the same strategy clicked when other captains employed it.
Tendulkar talked about the 1997 Sharjah series where he promoted Robin Singh to bat at number three but the southpaw failed and he had to cop heavy criticism from the media.
“The match against Pakistan on 14 December highlights how things were just not going my way. I was batting at number four in this competition, at the selectors’ request. Sourav and Navjot Sidhu had given us a good start against Pakistan, and when Sidhu got out at 143-2, I sent in Robin Singh, the all-rounder, to accelerate the innings. It was a strategy I had given considerable thought to.
“Manzoor Akhtar, the leg-spinner, was at one end bowling around the wicket to the right-handed batsmen. The theory was that Robin, a left-hander, would be able to negotiate his leg-spin better and also hit some big shots. However, Robin got out without scoring after just three balls from Azhar Mahmood, the medium-pacer, and the experiment proved a disaster. In the press I was criticised for sending in Robin ahead of me and the move was blamed for our defeat,” Tendulkar recalled.
“A month later, however, in January 1998, Azhar, back as captain, repeated the very same move in the final of the Silver Jubilee Independence Cup in Dhaka against Pakistan.
Robin was sent in at three to keep up the momentum after Sourav and I had got off to a flier and this time Robin played a terrific hand, scoring 82 and setting up the run chase.
“This was arguably a bigger gamble, because he was pitted against the off-spinner Saqlain Mushtaq and it is no secret that left-handers find it more difficult against off-spinners.
“The same experiment was now hailed as a master stroke. Not without reason is it said that success has many fathers while defeat is an orphan,” he wrote.

Govt cautious on West-discarded nuclear technology: GoyalNew Delhi, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 18:28 IST
Govt cautious about tapping nuclear energy for power generation
Staff Reporter
Reuters Union Minister Piyush Goyal speaks during the India Economic Summit 2014 at the World Economic Forum in New Delhi Thursday.
TOPICS
nuclear policy
Power, Coal and Renewable Energy Minister Piyush Goyal on Thursday said nuclear energy offers potential, but the government will remain “cautious” about tapping it for power generation.
Speaking at the India Economic Summit on Friday, Mr. Goyal reiterated the government’s aim to provide 24x7 power supply to all citizens by 2019, adding that the sector is likely to attract investment of about USD 250 billion in the next 4-5 years.
On nuclear energy, Mr.Goyal pointed out that the US and many European nations have stopped setting up nuclear plants. “This government would like to be cautious so that we are not saddled with something only under the garb of clean energy or alternate energy; something which the West has discarded and is sought to be brought to India,” he said.
Asked about the logjam that has emerged due to the Nuclear Liability Law, the minister said, “Nuclear has potential and opportunities for India. This government is open to all options... in nuclear, we are seized of the problem and we are already trying to see how we can address nuclear liability restrictions.”
He also pointed out that as yet there is no estimate on the life-cycle costs of nuclear power right up to de-commissioning stage.
Mr. Goyal’s observations assume significance because so far countries promised contracts for nuclear reactors had been pressurising India to change its nuclear liability law.
The US, France and, to a lesser extent, Russia are upset because nothing has moved since 2008 when then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh assured 10,000 MW of reactors to two US companies, six reactors to French company Areva and up to 16 plants by Russia’s Atomstroyexport.
The commitment was in exchange for ending India’s isolation from the civil nuclear commerce mainstream after the first nuclear explosion in 1974. As a result, the US along with France and Russian helped India secure an exemption from the Nuclear Suppliers’ Group.
Only Russia has set up two reactors at Kudankulam but they were contracted when Rajiv Gandhi was the Prime Minister. In addition South Korea is keen on selling nuclear reactors in India. Each reactor of over 1,000 MW capacity costs between USD 8-10 billion.
Meanwhile, stating that the demand for power in the country will double to two trillion units in five years, Mr. Goyal said efforts are being made to increase coal production, strengthen electricity transmission network, get gas-based power plants back on stream and improve the bankability of projects in the power sector.
Renewable energy was another thrust area and measures were being taken to ensure that solar power generation would touch 100 GW by 2019. The government also expects to nearly double the installed wind generation capacity to more than 40,000 MW by 2019.
LIVE: India Economic Summit organised by the WEF

Persistent Systems sees SMAC as driving force in futureYou are here: Home > Collections
Persistent Systems sees SMAC as driving force in future
Varun Aggarwal, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 05.14AM IST
Tags:
IT
(The Pune-based company,…)
BENGALURU: Mid-tier IT company Persistent Systems plans to completely shift out of the commoditised IT services business as it sees social, mobile, analytics and cloud (SMAC) driving the growth in future.
The Pune-based company, which reported revenue of $76.32 million (about Rs 457.9 crore) in the quarter to September, is looking to completely move to SMAC .
"Already about 50% of our revenue comes from cloud," company COO Mrityunjay Singh said. "This is the fastest growing segment for us, growing 20% year-over-year and we see this as the future.
As more and more devices connect to the Internet, there'll be a lot of data they'll generate. Our investments are about visualising the world from these devices and how can we as a company play a role in this new world," Singh said.
Persistent reported a 17.3% jump in second quarter net profit to Rs 71.3 crore with its focus on digital transformation projects.
Big data analytics, cloud, social, mobility, Internet-of-Things and gesture-based computing are some of the areas that Persistent feels will be the future of technology. The company is also investing into design capabilities to ensure that applications created for newer devices such as Google Glass, smart watches and different mobile devices work in a completely different way.
FEATURED ARTICLES

KPMG tweaks employee engagement programmes to retain the bestKPMG tweaks employee engagement programmes to retain, recruit the best
Rica Bhattacharyya, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 06.16AM IST
(Another programme, dubbed…)
MUMBAI: The battle for talent has intensified among the Big Four consultancy firms, with an improving market throwing up more opportunities to people looking for change. To shield key people from competition and fill talent gaps, one of the four, KPMG, is this year revisiting its employee engagement policies, performance management and hiring strategies. Among the measures it is rolling out over the next few months include "Higher Purpose", an initiative to encourage employees share their stories on business and community.
Another programme, dubbed "Connect", seeks to form small groups to connect employees across the firm, with the purpose of handholding and mentoring. As an experiment, KPMG has taken away ratings from performance management, and replaced it with immediate feedback. As for people who join from undergraduate colleges, this year KPMG will experiment on how to rotate them by putting them into different service lines. "Next two years will see a big movement of partners and people among the Big Four. In fact, I would say beyond Big Four, among the larger accounting firms there will be large movement of talent ... you will not be able to stem all of it but what you can do is improve employee engagement," said Richard Rekhy, chief executive of KPMG India.
The last one year has seen advisory firms Ernst & Young, PricewaterhouseCoopers and KPMG storming each other for talent and partners and, sometimes even the entire teams crossing over. Also making the headlines Four - Ernst & Young, PwC, KPMG and Deloitte - which together are expected to recruit about 43,000 people over the next four years in India.
All this is being prompted by business growth in smaller cities and towns, ramp-up of global shared services centres, increasing work in sectors such as telecom and infrastructure and state government projects, and the global headquarters of these companies increasing focus on emerging markets. KMPG has about 8,000 employees in India. On an average, it hires 2,500-3,000 people a year while it loses about 1,000. Going ahead, most of the hiring will be on IT and management consulting side, tax, risk consulting and internal audit.
'HIGHER PURPOSE'
KPMG is encouraging employees to tell their stories that are connected to business and communities. It has also got a contest going: if it gets at least 5,000 stories from the staff, everybody will get a paid holiday. The top 100 stories will be put into a coffee-table book and gifted to each staff. In December, it will launch "Higher Purpose" town-halls, where inspirational and business leaders will speak to staff.
PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT
Instead of assigning ratings based on performance, KPMG this year will focus on providing feedback and debriefing to staff for every major assignment. "It is experimentation and we may go back to the old system if it doesn't work, but at the moment we have taken out the rating system," Rekhy said. The company is making the bonus slope higher for the high performing employees, paying them much higher bonus than the rest, in order to make the distinction clearer and retain the best.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Market valuation of BSE listed cos nears 100 lakh croreNew Delhi, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 28, 2014 10:39 IST
Market valuation of BSE listed cos nears Rs. 100 lakh crore
PTI
The Hindu Pedestrian walks past the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) in Mumbai on November 5, 2014. The BSE sensex hit a new peak of 28.000. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
market and exchange
As the benchmark BSE Sensex is witnessing a dream-rally, the total market valuation of BSE-listed companies has inched closer to the Rs. 100 lakh crore mark.
At present, the total market capitalisation (m-cap) of BSE-listed companies stands at Rs. 97,13,196 crore which is just Rs. 2.86 lakh short of the Rs. 100 lakh crore milestone.
In terms of the U.S. dollar, the total market valuation of BSE-listed companies has surged to $1.58 trillion at the current rupee rate of 61.41 against the Greenback. India had first entered the trillion-dollar club in June 2007, but moved out in September 2008 after a global meltdown.
It again got back into the elite league in May 2009 and largely remained there except for some brief time, including once in 2012. In August 2013, it had again slipped out of the list.
The Sensex has gained 6,745.2 points, or 31.86 per cent, so far this year. The index had hit its all-time high of 28,010.39 on Thursday. Experts said expectations of more reforms by the Narendra Modi-led government and a rate cut by the RBI has helped markets scale new heights.
The Sensex bluechips whose market valuation is more than Rs. 1 lakh crore include TCS, ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, HDFC Bank, Coal India, SBI, ICICI Bank, Sun Pharma, HDFC, HUL, L&T, Bharti Airtel, Tata Motors, Wipro, NTPC, HCL Tech and Axis Bank. Outsourcing giant TCS is the most valued Indian company with a market cap of Rs. 5,09,435.77 crore.
Marketmen said Indian markets are also making merry, helped by smart foreign fund inflows. Since the beginning of this year, overseas investors have infused a net amount of Rs. 82,266 crore ($13.7 billion) into the equities, while they invested a net of Rs. 1.36 lakh crore into the debt market ($22.5 billion) taking the total to Rs. 2.18 lakh crore ($36 billion).

Siemens net profit up 40%  outlook cautiousFRANKFURT, Germany, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 15:19 IST
Siemens net profit up 40%, outlook cautious
AP
AP File photo shows people walking past a logo of Siemens in Munich, southern Germany.
TOPICS
industrial component
Industrial equipment maker Siemens AG says net profit rose 40 per cent in the fourth quarter but issued a cautious outlook for the coming year, saying global tensions would affect its business and predicting flat revenue.
Siemens also said on Thursday it was selling its hearing-aid business to the investment company EQT and Germany’s Struengmann family of entrepreneurs for 2.15 billion euros.
Net income for the quarter, the company’s fiscal fourth, rose to 1.498 billion euros ($1.872 billion) from 1.068 euros in the same quarter a year ago. Revenue was flat at 20.559 billion euros. Sales and profit figures beat estimates compiled by financial information provider FactSet.
Profits were dented by the company’s energy division, where it took 223 million euros in charges for troubles with wind turbines which needed to have main bearings replaced and suffered blade damage from rough weather.
The Munich-based maker of heavy equipment including trains, medical imaging machines and power turbines said that the business environment would be “complex” in 2015, among other things due to geopolitical tensions. Siemens is active all over the word including the Middle East and Russia, where trade has been put under pressure by sanctions imposed by Western governments over Russia’s conflict with Ukraine.
The company said that gains from selling businesses would enable the company to increase earnings per share by at least 15 per cent in the coming year.
Siemens had originally planned a share offering for its hearing aid-business but said it found the offer from EQT and the Struengmann family “very attractive.” The deal must still pass regulatory approval.
Siemens shares traded up 1.53 per cent at 90.17 euros.

BSE listed cos  valuation nears Rs 100 lakh cr markBSE listed cos' valuation nears Rs 100 lakh cr mark
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 7, 2014  | 11:11 IST
As the benchmark BSE Sensex is witnessing a dream-rally, the total market valuation of BSE-listed companies has inched closer to the Rs 100 lakh crore mark.
At present, the total market capitalisation (m-cap) of BSE-listed companies stands at Rs 97,13,196 crore which is just Rs 2.86 lakh short of the Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
In terms of the US dollar, the total market valuation of BSE-listed companies has surged to $1.58 trillion at the current rupee rate of 61.41 against the Greenback.
India had first entered the trillion-dollar club in June 2007, but moved out in September 2008 after a global meltdown.
It again got back into the elite league in May 2009 and largely remained there except for some brief time, including once in 2012. In August 2013, it had again slipped out of the list.
The Sensex has gained 6,745.2 points, or 31.86 per cent, so far this year. The index had hit its all-time high of 28,010.39 on Wednesday.
Experts said expectations of more reforms by the Narendra Modi-led government and a rate cut by the RBI has helped markets scale new heights.
The Sensex blue-chips whose market valuation is more than Rs 1 lakh crore include TCS, ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, HDFC Bank, Coal India, SBI, ICICI Bank, Sun Pharma, HDFC, HUL, L&T, Bharti Airtel, Tata Motors, Wipro, NTPC, HCL Tech and Axis Bank.
Outsourcing giant TCS is the most valued Indian company with a market cap of Rs 5,09,435.77 crore.
Marketmen said Indian markets are also making merry, helped by smart foreign fund inflows.
Since the beginning of this year, overseas investors have infused a net amount of Rs 82,266 crore ($13.7 billion) into the equities, while they invested a net of Rs 1.36 lakh crore into the debt market ($22.5 billion) taking the total to Rs 2.18 lakh crore ($36 billion).

Lenovo Vibe X2 is world s first layered smartphoneNidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 15:32 IST
(Photo: shopap.lenovo.com)
The design story of today's smartphones has turned out to be pretty boring. With the big touch display dominating the front of the device, there isn't much that makes a phone's look stand out. While I still love the HTC One (M7) design (launched in 2013), the only phone that has caught my attention all this while on the design front is the Lenovo Vibe X2.
Lenovo has added different layers to the body of the X2, referred as the 'world's first layered smartphone'. This is visible only on the side panels of the device. While Lenovo has three different variants, I got to experience the one in the Gold.
The X2 has a non-removable back cover.
The X2 has a non-removable back cover. It packs in a five-inch display with 1080 pixel resolution in a 7.27 mm thick chassis, awarding it a very comfortable grip to hold. The Vibe X2 doesn't weigh much either, just 120 grams.
The different layers in the body of the X2 are visible only on the side panels of the device.
There are additional layers for this smartphone. Lenovo has developed a Vibe Xtension layer, which is a battery in the case. It attaches to the phone as a cover and can juice up the phone's battery by 75 per cent. Another interesting case for media lovers is the one with the JBL speaker and a kick stand. While these two accessories looked beautiful, these will be sold separately in the market.
On the specifications front, the Vibe X2 runs on Android KitKat and has MediaTek's 2Ghz True8Core chipset paired with 2GB of RAM and 32GB of inbuilt storage. There is a 13MP camera at the rear and 5MP at the front. Lenovo has also added its own customer user interface software.

Bigg Boss 8: And Puneet Issar is Back!Print
Bigg Boss further elaborates that Puneet will continue to live in the cage and will not be able to avail of any of the house’s luxuries.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 3:44 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 3:47 pm
Someone once said that there is no such thing as a punishment…there are only consequences. This is the thought on the mind of many contestants of the Bigg Boss house as they will wake up to an overwhelmingly shocking morning that promised to twist a seemingly normal day into an unexpected one!
Puneet, who was evicted from the Bigg Boss house for using physical strength against Aarya two days back, will make a re-entry into the contestants’ lives. But, it is not an open walk-in for Puneet as he continues to have to bear the consequences of his actions – Puneet will be seen living locked up in a cage! When the housemates realize that Puneet is back, they rush towards the cage to get a glimpse of him, only to find a sad-looking Puneet greeting them with humble eyes.
Gautam, Pritam, Praneet and Sonali’s happiness knows no bounds, while Karishma, Diandra and Sushant look extremely confused and shocked at the turn of events. However, none of this compares to Aarya’s reaction who is not only appalled but also very perturbed. Bigg Boss announces to the contestants that Puneet is being given one more chance to be in the house because his intentions were not as negative as perceived. Bigg Boss further elaborates that Puneet will continue to live in the cage and will not be able to avail of any of the house’s luxuries.
As the contestants finally settle in, the Captaincy task is announced where Upen selects Diandra and Pritam as probable candidates to lead the Bigg Boss house after the end of his reign. An election campaign is announced wherein Diandra and Pritam try to convince the contestants to vote in their favour. However, whether the contestants will choose the calm person or the temperamental yet popular candidate is something that we will have to wait and watch!
But all is set to change as entertainment takes forefront with the entry of actor Lisa Haydon who will be seen inside the house in full style! Lisa will interact with the contestants while selling them some bonus luxury budget goodies from the ‘Shaukeen Stall’ which will be set up in the garden area.
While the contestants enjoy Lisa’s company, Puneet is seen standing inside his cage enjoying his surroundings but appearing little gloomy. Diandra mistakes the excited Lisa to be a wildcard entry and is happy especially because they have worked together in the modelling world. The housemates who have earned 600 points from the ‘Unchi Hai Building’ task have fun with Lisa continued…

Mutual Funds buy shares worth Rs 6 000 crore in OctMutual funds buy shares worth Rs 6,000 crore in Oct amid stock market rally
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 10, 2014  | 18:21 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Mutual funds pumped in close to Rs 6,000 crore (about US $1 billion) in the domestic equity market during October, continuing their buying spree for the sixth straight month amid a market rally .
As per the latest data compiled by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), mutual funds purchased shares worth Rs 17,483 crore in October, while they sold stocks worth Rs 11,543 crore - a net inflow of Rs 5,940 crore.
Industry experts attributed the inflows in equities to improvement in  market sentiments, primarily due to the Prim Minister Narendra Modi-led  government's reforms agenda.
Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly in the past few months.
This is the sixth consecutive month when mutual funds have been net purchasers in the stock market.
"The money in equities started coming in from the second half of May, after the announcement of General Election's verdict, and the momentum has continued till date," said a market expert.
A mutual fund is an investment vehicle made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors. The funds are invested in stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
MFs invested a net of over Rs 4,100 crore in September, close to Rs 6,000 crore in August, Rs 5,000 crore in July, Rs 3,340 crore in June and Rs 105 crore in May, according to data realeased by the capital market regulator.
Prior to that, they had been net sellers in the equity market since September 2013. MFs were net buyers of shares worth Rs 1,607 crore in August 2013.
The latest net inflow in the equity market is in line with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex gaining 4.6 per cent in October.
In the first 10 months of 2014, mutual funds have purchased net shares worth over Rs 14,000 crore.
In the 2013-14 financial year, MFs offloaded shares worth Rs 14,208 crore, lower than Rs 22,749 crore offloaded in FY13.
The financial year ended March 31, 2014 also marked the fifth consecutive year of net outflows by mutual funds in the equities after they had pumped in a net amount of Rs 6,985 crore in the share market in 2008-09.

Lenovo launches Vibe X2  layered  smartphone at Rs 19 999Print
The latest launch from Lenovo is the Vibe X2, what the company calls a layered phone.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:00 pm | Updated: November 7, 2014 7:31 pm
Lenovo might be new to the smartphone game, but it is clearly nurturing dreams of changing the game. Over the past few months the company has had a slew of devices that have made it a significant player in the market, followed by the acquisition of Motorola which has pushed it up to the third slot among smartphone manufacturers in India. Now, the company is bringing it devices which will stand apart in the crowded Android market while trying to create a niche for itself.
The latest launch from Lenovo is the Vibe X2, what the company calls a layered phone. The layers are apparent in the design, which is made of three distinct layers in different colours. This slim layered design makes the device look young and vibrant, and that is the segment the phone is aimed for. But the layers don’t end there.
Lenovo will be selling extra battery and JBL speaker layers to be clipped on to the phone. The extra battery will make the phone thicker and heavier, but it also doubled the battery life from the original 2300 mAh.
The Lenovo Vibe X2 is priced at Rs 19,999 and will be available on Flipkart from November 10.
The phone also stands out for its processor, which is chipmaker MediaTek’s big entry into the top-end segment. Our initial experience with the phone suggests that MediaTek 6595m 2.0 GHz 4G LTE True8Core processor can give the big players a run for their money.
The phone also features the Vibe UI, which gives users a lot of customisation options. Interestingly, the OS gives users access to their most used apps on the lock screen itself. Plus you can click a photo in one tap, even when the phone is locked, so that you don’t miss out much.
Detailed specs
Processor: MediaTek 6595m 2.0 GHz 4G LTE True8Core
Operating System: Android 4.4 KitKat
Dimensions (WxTxH): 68.6mm x 7.27mm x 140.2mm
Weight: 120g
Battery: 2300 mAh (Li-polymer), embedded
Dual SIM
Rear camera: 13 MP auto-focus with LED flash
Front camera: 5 MP fixed-focus
System Memory: 2 GB RAM
Built-in Storage: 32 GB ROM
Connectivity/Radios
4G Network: LTE FDD Band 1/3/7, TDD B40 or LTE FDD Band 1/3/7/30
3G Network: 2100/900 Mhz or 2100/900/850 Mhz
2G Network: GSM 850/900/1800/1900 Mhz
Speed: HSPA+ 150 Mbps (DL) / 50 Mbps (UL)
WLAN: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n/ac, Wi-Fi hotspot. (For 5G Wi-Fi, Band 2 is not supported)
Bluetooth: Bluetooth® 3.0 + 4.1 LE
Display: 5-inch FUllHD (1920x1080p)

Shazia Ilmi s Swachh Bharat Abhiyan exposed: Trashed before the clean-uppicture  others
Shazia Ilmi, Satish Upadhyay’s Swachh Bharat Abhiyan exposed: Trash dumped before clean-up
They say pictures don't lie. This set of pictures shot outside the India Islamic Centre in New Delhi show municipality staffers littering a pavement with garbage, only to be cleaned by BJP leader Satish Upadhayay and Shazia Ilmi as part of Narendra Modi's highly publicised Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
Seen here: Municipal staffers wait for garbage to be dumped. (Source: Express Photo by  Premnath Pandey)
A man empties a garbage bin.  (Source: Express Photo by  Premnath Pandey)
The man scatters the garbage.  (Source: Express Photo by  Premnath Pandey)
BJP leader Satish Upadhayay and Shazia Ilmi participated in the event.   (Source: Express Photo by  Premnath Pandey)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had launched the Swachh Bharat campaign on October 2, 2014.  (Source: Express Photo by  Premnath Pandey)
NDMC staffers clean the garbage. (Source: Express Photo by  Premnath Pandey)
NDMC staffers clean the garbage. (Source: Express Photo by  Premnath Pandey)
BJP leader Satish Upadhayay, Shazia Ilmi and others clean the pavement littered minutes ago.   (Source: Express Photo by  Premnath Pandey)
Related

Black money: SIT suggests amendments to PMLANEW DELHI, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 16:34 IST
Black money: SIT suggests amendments to PMLA
Devesh K. Pandey
Tweet
This June 2, 2014 photo shows Chairman of the Special Investigation Team on Black Money, Justice (Retd) M.B. Shah (L) and Vice Chairman, Justice (Retd) Arijit Pasayat making thier way to the first meeting of SIT on Black Money at the Finance Ministry in New Delhi. Photo: S. Subramanium
It has suggested institution of a statutory mechanism empowering the Enforcement Directorate to initiate proceedings suo motu.
Advocating inclusion of offences committed under various other statutes under the ambit of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA), the Special Investigation Team on black money has suggested institution of a statutory mechanism empowering the Enforcement Directorate to initiate proceedings suo motu.
Under PMLA, the ED is presently authorised to probe money laundering, prosecute the accused and attach proceeds of only those crimes that are listed in the statute’s schedule. A total of 156 such offences under 28 statutes are right now listed as scheduled offences in the Act.
The SIT proposes that statutes like the Mines Act, the Mines and Mineral Development Act as also the offences under the Income-Tax Act, the Customs Act and other direct and indirect tax laws also need to be included to expand the ambit of money laundering investigations.
In this regard, the ED, the Central Board of Direct Taxes and the Central Board of Excise and Customs have been told to submit their recommendations.
Apart from recommending appropriate amendments in the Foreign Exchange Management Act, the SIT has also concluded that amendments in the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements (DTAA) with the other countries are a must to ensure that the information obtained from them under these treaties can be shared with investigating agencies, particularly with the ED, without any legal hurdle.
India has comprehensive DTAAs (which cover most types of incomes), Limited DTAAs, Limited Multilateral Agreements and Tax Information Exchange Agreements with over 110 countries.
While SIT has been instituted for a probe into unaccounted money stashed abroad, the body has found that in the context of financing of heinous offences, domestic black money is also required to be treated more seriously than as a mere case of civil dispute. Dilution of offences under foreign exchange regulations to that of a civil nature would trivialise the issue.
For a coordinated action against black money, the SIT has also recommended development of integrated software for seamless information exchange between the probing agencies.

Zaiwalla: The international arbitrator from IndiaMikhail Khodorkovsky
(Today, Sarosh says, Zaiwalla…)
At stake is $50 billion and the reputation of a government, and it could now rest on, among other people, a Parsi lawyer who was born and raised in Mumbai but who practises in the United Kingdom. The case goes back to 2003, when the Russian government arrested and later convicted Mikhail Khodorkovsky, owner of oil company Yukos, for tax fraud. Russia placed a Yukos subsidiary under the control of state oil major Rosneft, and Yukos went bankrupt. Its shareholders filed a case in an international tribunal, which ruled in July that Russia must pay $50 billion to Yukos.
It's the highest-ever amount awarded by the Permanent Court of Arbitration at The Hague. It could see assets of Russia and Rosneft being seized. In order to prevent such an eventuality, Rosneft has empanelled Zaiwalla and Co Solicitors, a London-based law firm that has a penchant for taking on cases others don't want to touch and whose speciality is international commercial arbitration and litigation. Declining to confirm this appointment, Sarosh Zaiwalla, who founded the firm in 1982, told ET, on phone from London: "My driving force is to do justice. I believe the law is for justice."
Today, Sarosh says, Zaiwalla and Co is a legal practice with 18 lawyers and annual revenues of about 4 million pounds (about Rs 40 crore). Sarosh's profile on his firm's website states he has been involved with over 1,000 international litigations and arbitrations in energy, maritime and construction sectors, in various capacities and degrees of responsibility, for companies and governments. He's represented the governments of India, China and Iran. All this has come not without a touch of colour or controversy. Big names — Rajiv Gandhi, Tony Blair and Dalai Lama, among others — come easy in any conversation with the 61-year-old Sarosh. He's been a central figure in messy British Parliament enquiries against two MPs, Keith Vaz and Tony Baldry.
His peers — ET spoke to six lawyers about Sarosh, four based in India and two in the UK — don't want to comment about him on record. "He forges relationships with unlikely people, and knows how to hold on to them. These are not people everyone would befriend," says a London-based lawyer who has sat across the table from Sarosh in some cases, on the condition of anonymity. "But whatever he may do, he is always on the big cases, and has a reputation to claw his way to becoming a significant participant."
Indian Connections
Forcing his way in has been a constant narrative in Sarosh's journey. He studied in Mumbai, first in St Xavier's High School and then in Government Law College, graduating in 1972. The youngest of five brothers (he also has a sister), he followed his father into the legal profession, but he chose to do so in London.
 
Sarosh found internship at a law firm, Stocken & Co. "My friend Bhagwan Hiranandani was at Stocken and Sarosh asked to be introduced to him," recalls Dinsoo Zaiwalla, one of Sarosh's brothers who still runs Zaiwalla and Co in Mumbai. Academically, there was nothing exceptional about Sarosh, Dinsoo adds, but he had a keen interest in politics even in his college years and was general secretary in college.
In 1975, he gave the solicitors' exam in London and interned at Stocken till July 78, when he got his licence. He started a new law firm in partnership with Gagrat and Co. However, a few years later, when he asked to be named partner, he was turned down. So, in 1982, he went solo and formed Zaiwalla & Co, specialising in maritime law.
"The secret of my success is I was never afraid of my Indian-ness," says Sarosh. "All other Indian lawyers that tried to launch firms anglicised the firm's name, if not also their own." Agrees Harish Salve, a lawyer in India's Supreme Court. "Running a nonanglicised firm by himself is an achievement in itself," he says.
Big League
For Sarosh, the breakout moment came when he met VA Seyid Muhammad, the Indian High Commissioner to the UK from 1980 to 1984. Zaiwalla was appointed as solicitor to the Indian government in London. Work came, lots of it. At the time, India was undergoing a famine, and the US was gifting grain under the PL 480 scheme. To avail of it, India had to charter around 300 ships each year. Most of them would have some issue, which would end up in London arbitration courts and Sarosh handling them.
Zaiwalla's induction for Government of India cases brought him to the attention of others of Indian descent seeking representation. Among them was Gopi Hinduja. And the Bachchan brothers, in the Bofors libel case against the Swedish newspaper, Dagens Nyheter. Recalling a case Sarosh fought for his company a few years ago in the International Chamber of Commerce, Deepak Dhawan, executive director of Indian Oil Corporation, says Zaiwalla's charges were lower than an English-bred firm and he was "effective in handling the case for us".

Pay less upfront to buy a houseStory
Pay less upfront to buy a house
The housing finance regulator, the National Housing Bank, or NHB, has increased the loan-to-value (LTV) ratio to 90% value of the property.
Team Money Today        Edition: November 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
There is good news for those who were planning to buy a home this festive season. Now, they will have to shell out a lower amount as initial contribution. The housing finance regulator, the National Housing Bank, or NHB, has increased the loan-to-value (LTV) ratio to 90% value of the property. This will apply only to loans from housing finance companies or HFCs.
Prior to this, the LTV ratio was 75-90% depending on the loan amount.
According to the new regulations, in case of a home loan of more than Rs 20 lakh, an HFC can provide a loan of up to 90% value of the property provided that the increased limit is insured by a mortgage guarantee company.
Mortgage guarantee, also known as mortgage insurance, is a product which compensates lending institutions or HFCs for losses that may arise in case a home owner defaults on his loan. India's first mortgage guarantee company, India Mortgage Guarantee Corporation (IMGC), was established by NHB in 2012.
However, the LTV ratio will remain the same for a person applying for a loan above Rs 20 lakh but who doesn't take the loan under the mortgage guarantee programme. Let us explain it with an example. In the earlier scenario, there were only two parties involved, a borrower and an HFC. If a person approached an HFC for a loan of Rs 1 crore, he was entitled to get up to Rs 75 lakh. But now, if a person applies to an HFC for a loan of Rs 1 crore and agrees to go through the mortgage guarantee programme, he can get a loan of up to Rs 90 lakh. So, now, basically there will be three parties involved: the borrower, the HFC and the mortgage guarantee company.
For availing the facility of mortgage guarantee, the borrower will have to pay a premium, just like he pays for health insurance or life insurance, or the HFC will bear the cost. But experts believe it is unlikely that the HFCs will bear the cost; it will ultimately be passed on to borrowers.
"It is good for individuals, especially for the salaried class. Until now, to a buy a property of Rs 1 crore, they had to arrange for Rs 25 lakh. Now, by taking a loan under the mortgage guarantee programme, they will have to give only Rs 10 lakh as their contribution," says Sachin Choudhary, mortgage business head, Indiabulls Housing Finance Ltd. He added that it was a good move for mortgage guarantee companies as it would help them get a lot of leeway in the market.
"We don't see the need for mortgage guarantee under the current limit of 75%. For HFCs, we will get more customers with limited risk", he adds. Brijesh Panami, CEO, distribution, Destimoney Enterprises, believes this is a win-win situation for both HFCs and customers. "The consumer is getting the best value for his property. As the HFC will be disbursing a higher loan, it will earn higher interest income. It will also act as an anti-attrition tool because if they are meeting customers' demand, customers will not hunt for the extra money they would have needed. If the customer doesn't get his requirement fulfilled by a secured loan, then he hunts for an unsecured loan," he says.
Anil Sachidanand, MD & CEO, Aspire Housing Finance Company, says this has been done to encourage the mortgage guarantee programme in India, which is a welcome move.
However, he believes that reducing the upfront contribution limit required in case of retail loans is very negative for the savings habit of individuals as their contribution to the house will now be very low. In case property prices go down, they will have little incentive to repay the loan.

Lenovo launches Vibe X2 smartphone at Rs 19 999Lenovo launches Vibe X2 smartphone at Rs 19,999
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 19:02 IST
Chinese tech giant Lenovo on Thursday unveiled its new 'layered' smartphone- Vibe X2 -priced at Rs 19,999 in India.
It will be available exclusively through eCommerce major Flipkart from November 10.
With a five-inch display, the smartphone has Android KitKat operating system, 13 MP rear camera and 5MP front camera and 2,300 mAh battery.
" Lenovo is innovating in the PC+ era focussing on smartphone growth opportunities. India is a prominent growth market for us," Lenovo Group Vice President AP Sales Head JD Howard told reporters in New Delhi.
The device comes with a unique feature to allow users to click pictures by double tapping on their devices in sleep mode.
Lenovo has recently completed the acquisition of US-based Motorola for $2.9 billion. While the company will continue with Motorola brand in the US, it will have both Lenovo and Motorola devices in emerging markets like India.

Ranveer Singh: I am Govinda s biggest fan  don t love all of his films but love himPrint
"It is a very entertaining film full of comedy, romance, drama and action. Govindaji is a legend and the one reason to watch the film. He really is a master and his approach is very very old school. I am probably one of his biggest fans. I have seen his films -- some of them more than 50 times. I have seen all his songs. I don't love all of his movies but I love him. He is an icon," Ranveer Singh said in a group interview. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 6, 2014 5:01 pm
Actor Ranveer Singh , who is working with Govinda in his upcoming film ‘Kill Dil’, says he is a huge admirer of the ‘Raja Babu’ star and has grown up on his movies.
Directed by Shaad Ali of ‘Saathiya’ fame, the Yash Raj Films’ latest venture will see Ranveer sharing screen space with Govinda, Ali Zafar and Parineeti Chopra. Ranveer says it was a dream come true to work with ’90s superstar.
“It is a very entertaining film full of comedy, romance, drama and action. Govindaji is a legend and the one reason to watch the film. He really is a master and his approach is very very old school. I am probably one of his biggest fans. I have seen his films — some of them more than 50 times. I have seen all his songs. I don’t love all of his movies but I love him. He is an icon,” Ranveer Singh said in a group interview. (See Pics: Govinda, Ranveer, Parineeti, Ali kill dils at ‘Nakhriley’ song launch)
The actor feels it is Zafar’s best work so far. Ranveer revealed that unlike his previous toned avatar, Shaad Ali asked him to put on weight for ‘Kill Dil’.
“In ‘Gunday’ my face looked very hard and manly. That was needed in ‘Ramleela’ too. But in ‘Kill Dil’ I needed a face which is cute and sweet. So I shaved, got a hair cut and if you look at me from closely, my cheeks look continued…

I don t believe in Love Jihad  believe in love: Kareena KapoorPrint
"I believe only in the feeling of love," Kareena, who is married to actor-filmmaker Saif Ali Khan, told IANS when asked about Love Jihad, which is allegedly a Muslim project of luring Hindu girls into marriage and religious conversion. (Seen in this picture with Salman Khan on the sets of Bajrangi Bhaijaan.)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 4:27 pm
Kareena Kapoor believes in “feeling of love” which, she feels, can happen between two people regardless of caste, creed, or religion. Therefore, the actress doesn’t relate to the concept of “Love Jihad” and says that she never believed in such theories.
“I believe only in the feeling of love,” Kareena, who is married to actor-filmmaker Saif Ali Khan, told IANS when asked about Love Jihad, which is allegedly a Muslim project of luring Hindu girls into marriage and religious conversion.
“Saif has a very broad perspective and he also shared his perspective on ‘Love Jihad’ (via an open letter). He married a Hindu, which is me, and we had a civil marriage,” said the actress.
“I feel that love is something that you can’t term. There is passion, there is lust… there are so many things. It can happen between two human beings,” said Kareena.
“Now if somebody is Hindu and he or she starts loving a Muslim person, you can’t stop them. You cannot ask somebody, ‘Are you a Muslim or are you a Hindu?’ and then fall in love. (See Pics: Kareena, Salman on the sets of Bajrangi Bhaijaan )
“Love is a feeling, it’s an emotion. That’s why I don’t believe in Love Jihad. I believe in the feeling of love,” added the 34-year-old.
Co-incidentally her next film with Salman Khan “ Bajrangi Bhaijan ” is also about a Brahmin girl and Muslim boy.
The actress is in the capital on dual purpose – first she launched the latest bathing range of Vivel titled “Love & Nourish” and now she is busy shooting for Kabir Khan’s “ Bajrangi Bhaijan ” in the city.
The “ Bajrangi Bhaijan ” team started shooting Wednesday in the by-lanes of Chandni Chowk.
“I am looking forward to working with Salman. We are like family. Before my marriage, he worked with me and now he is working with me after my marriage, so I am excited,” said the actress who was seen with continued…

Multan Test: A fuming Sachin preferred to be left aloneTest cricket
Stranded on 194 when stand-in skipper Rahul Dravid declared the Indian innings in the 2004 Multan Test, Sachin Tendulkar has spoken about the anger and shock he felt by the decision which “did not make any sense”.
In his autobiography ‘Playing It My Way’, Tendulkar reveals how hurt he was at the declaration and he told Dravid to “leave him alone” so that he could come to terms with his disappointment of missing out on a double century.
“I assured Rahul that the incident would have no bearing on my involvement on the field, but off the field, I would prefer to be left alone for a while to come to terms with what had happened,” Tendulkar writes in the book.
However, the batting legend said that the incident didn’t have any adverse effect on his relationship with Dravid.
“Despite this incident, I am glad to say Rahul and I remained good friends and even on the field, our camaraderie remained intact until the end of our careers. We continued to have some good partnerships and neither our cricket nor our friendship was affected.”
In the book, published by Hachette India, Tendulkar has narrated the entire story of the Multan declaration and what happened behind the scenes after he was back in the dressing room.
Tendulkar writes, “At tea-time, I asked stand-in skipper Rahul Dravid, who was in charge because Sourav was out with a back injury, and coach John Wright what the plan was. I was informed, we were looking to give Pakistan an hour to bat, so would put them in with 15 overs left on the second day. It was perfectly sensible and I went about my business after tea with this plan in mind.”
Tendulkar said that he paced his innings in a manner that he could reach double century in time to give Pakistan 15 overs to bat as per plan.
“But then, a little more than half an hour into the post-tea session, Ramesh Powar, who was substituting in the game came on the field and asked me to accelerate. I even joked with him, saying I was aware that we needed quick runs but with the field totally spread out, there was only so much we could do”, he writes.
“A little later, when I was on 194, he came out again and said I should try and get my double hundred in that over itself because Rahul had decided to declare. I was startled to say the least, because in my mind I still had 12 balls in which to score the remaining six runs before 15 overs were left for the day”, Tendulkar writes.
But as it happened, Tendulkar did not get to play a single ball in that over.
“...As it happened, I did not get to play a single ball in that over with Yuvraj on strike against Imran Farhat.
He blocked the first two balls before picking up two runs off the third ball. He once again blocked the fourth ball and was out to the fifth ball.
“Then just as Parthiv Patel, the next batsman started to come out, I saw Rahul gesturing us to go back to the pavilion.
He had declared the innings with me stranded on 194 and with 16 overs left for the day -- one more than we had agreed.
Tendulkar admitted that he was indeed “shocked” at Dravid’s decision.
“I was shocked as it did not make any sense. It was Day 2 of the Test match and not Day 4, as it had been in Sydney, a month earlier.”
“Disappointed and upset, I made my way back to the dressing room and could sense that the whole team was surprised at the decision (Rahul Dravid declaring with me stranded at 194). Some of my team-mates perhaps expected me to throw my gear about in the dressing room in disgust and create a scene. However, such things are not in me and I decided not to say a word to anyone about the incident.
“I calmly put my batting gear away and asked John Wright for a little time before I went out to field because I was feeling a little tight after batting for so long. Inside, I was fuming.
“Just as I was washing my face in the bathroom, John walked up to me and apologized. He was sorry about what had happened and said he had not been party to the decision. I was surprised and said to him that as coach he was one of the decision-makers and there was no reason for him to be sorry if he believed in what had been done.
Tendulkar told coach Wright that what has happened can’t be reversed now.
“I also said that what was done could not be reversed and it was best to leave it alone. Finally, I couldn’t help reminding him that the declaration was contrary to what had been discussed at tea and it was strange that I was not given even one ball to get to my double hundred after a message had been sent out asking me to get there as quickly as possible“.
Tendulkar recollects that after Wright, even regular skipper Ganguly came into “apologise” for the decision.
“Soon after my exchange with John, Sourav came to me and said he was very sorry at what had happened and that it wasn’t his decision to declare. This was a little surprising, as the skipper, was part of the tea-time discussion and was also present in the dressing room at the time of declaration.”
“I said to him (Sourav) that there is no point going over it anymore.”
Tendulkar didn’t hide his displeasure at the voluntary opinion given by his one-time teammate Sanjay Manjrekar.
“........Sanjay Manjrekar, who was a commentator in Pakistan, turned up in my room. Sanjay said, it had been a brave decision to declare and it was a good sign for Indian cricket. He carried on in that vein until I asked him if he really knew what he was talking about.
“I explained to him that he was not aware of what had transpired in the dressing room and arrived at his judgement without knowing the real facts of the matter. I made it clear that I didn’t appreciate his opinion, which I thought was a deliberate attempt to be different.”
Tendulkar said that he told Rahul that “he was indeed upset and can’t pretend otherwise.”
“Rahul said that the call was taken with the interests of the team in mind. It was important to demonstrate that we meant business and were keen to win. I wasn’t convinced.
First, I said to him that I was batting for the team as well. The 194 was meant to help the team and it was my individual contribution to the team’s cause.”
Tendulkar reminded Dravid of the Sydney Test match, held less than a month ago.
“...When we had both been batting on the fourth evening and Sourav had sent out two or three messages asking when we should declare and Rahul had carried on batting. The two situations were comparable and, if anything, the Sydney declaration was far more significant and may have cost a Test match and series victory. If Rahul was so keen show intent in Multan, he should have done the same in Sydney.”

Virgin Galactic working on new spaceship after crashUpdated: November 6, 2014 08:26 IST
Virgin Galactic working on new spaceship after crash
Reuters
AP The original rocket-powered space plane, built to take paying passengers on short rides into sub-orbital space, broke apart on Friday.
TOPICS
rocketry
The hangar that housed Virgin Galactic's ill-fated SpaceShipTwo is empty, but at a manufacturing plant just down the road technicians on Wednesday were back at work putting together an identical sister ship.
The original rocket-powered space plane, built to take paying passengers on short rides into sub-orbital space, broke apart on Friday during a test flight that killed one pilot and left another seriously injured.
The cause of the accident is under investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), which is focusing on why co-pilot Mike Alsbury, who died in the crash, unlocked the ship's movable tail section early, before aerodynamic forces were right to keep the structure held in place as designed.
About two seconds after the tail was unlocked, it began to swivel outward, likely triggering the vehicle's supersonic breakup and Alsbury's death.
The surviving pilot, Pete Siebold, 43, and Alsbury, 39, had planned to test the feathering tail system as part of SpaceShipTwo's fourth rocket-powered test flight, the first since Virgin Galactic decided to use a new fuel to boost the space plane to higher altitudes.
Virgin Galactic, an offshoot of Richard Branson's London-based Virgin Group, and manufacturer Scaled Composites had been eager to resume powered test flights after a 10-month hiatus.
Before the accident, SpaceShipTwo was on track to make its first flight beyond the atmosphere by the end of the year, a key milestone for the planned start of commercial passenger service in 2015.
Pivoting the tail section for descent increases the ship's surface area so that it can safely and effortlessly re-enter Earth's atmosphere, flying like a badminton shuttlecock. It had been used dozens of times during SpaceShipTwo's atmospheric test flights, including two rocket-powered flights.
As the ship is rocketing upward, the tail is held fast by a large hook that is supposed to remain engaged until the craft reaches supersonic speed, Mike Moses, Virgin Galactic Operations vice president, explained.
At that point, the pilots release the hook, though the tail remains pinned back by aerodynamic pressures. The command to actually move the tail into descent position comes after the rocket motor burns out, near the apex of the ship's altitude. Unlocking the tail is done well before then so that if the mechanism fails, the pilots can abort the flight.
"It's a great safety feature, but if you use your safety feature in a regime that it's not designed to handle, bad things are going to happen," Mr. Moses said. "It's like your car airbag going off at 65 miles per hour."
Virgin Galactic hopes to complete construction of the second SpaceShipTwo in mid-2015. For now, its official name is 202VG - the second series of the SpaceShipTwo family. Informally, though, employees have taken to calling the new ship "Hope”.

Rang Rasiya review: The Randeep Hooda-starrer is much more than a period filmCast: Randeep Hooda, Nandana Sen, Darshan Jariwala
Director: Ketan Mehta
Rating: 3.5/5
 
French filmmaker Robert Bresson once said, “In the nude, all that is not beautiful is obscene.”
A still from Rang Rasiya.
Many Indian filmmakers would have read this quote and watched his films, but rarely did they think of implementing it in its actual sense. But, Ketan Mehta is not one of them, as his Rang Rasiya is indeed about the colours of passion.
The film, which claims to be based on Ranjit Desai’s biography of renowned painter Raja Ravi Varma, is a journey where souls get undressed and nakedness finds a new purpose.
 
Ravi Varma ( Randeep Hooda ), who is married to a princess, is more inclined towards the colour palette than worldly duties. His family doesn’t approve of it and thus he becomes a rebel, who starts finding solace in his paintings. This leads to trouble and he has to leave home in order to preserve his art and philosophy.
All this is happening in late 19th century, a time when the peaceful co-existence of religion, science and art was probably not possible. After being patronised by the king of Travancore, Ravi Varma begins to give a new dimension to his art, but the demise of the king leaves him in a lurch. Now, the princely estate of Baroda appoints Raja Ravi Varma as its chief artiste and there begins a journey which continues till his last days.
 
A face of defiance, Raja Ravi Varma becomes the painter who snatches the Hindu gods out of the clutches of upper caste priests and makes them a household figure irrespective of caste, creed and individual identity of the followers. But, this isn’t as easy as it sounds. His ‘colourful’ character gives birth to many stories and some of them will cost him dearly in the court of law, where he is accused of profanity and blasphemy.
 
The narrative begins with an attack on an art gallery, where Raja Ravi Varma’s paintings are getting auctioned. It’s such an apt opening for a film based on the life of a painter, whose sole motive in life was to defy illogical norms.
 
After a great opening sequence, Rang Rasiya becomes a love story which exists in Sugandha’s (Nandana Sen) heart and Ravi Varma’s mind. The two swans keep floating in the pond of love, literally, before clashes begin among the age-old theories of anarchy, revolution and personal salvation.
Rang Rasiya review: It's a piece of art that deserves a watch
Ketan Mehta has amalgamated the essence of love quite aesthetically. A particular sequence, which also got the makers into trouble, is filmed in a beautiful way. It’s the portrayal of the ancient story of Pururava and Urvashi through Sugandha and Ravi Varma. Hindi cinema has taken a brave foot forward in Rang Rasiya, as it features frontal nudity, but there would hardly be any eyebrows raised or heads hanged in shame. This sequence is tenderly designed, amazingly shot, fantastically edited and gently eased off. It’s vibrant, touching and stirring.
 
But, the film has much more than just this sequence. The idea of making a film on Ravi Varma is compelling in itself. After all, he is the artist who gave face to gods on cheap posters and in a way made them available for all. Wasn’t this the highest form of social service? The posters with Hindu gods and goddesses that we purchase from market today were first conceived by him. He acted as the bridge between the deities and their worshippers, to say the least.
 
The film’s screenplay has been kept simple and it works because it doesn’t have complex scenes and maintains the right pace.
 
During the court room battle in the film, the magistrate, played by an ever-charming Tom Alter, very teasingly asks Ravi Varma, “Mr Varma, aap kanoon ke baare me kitna jaante hain,” and the man replies, “Utna hi jitna aap kala ke baare me jaante hain.” This statement is the backbone of the narrative.
 
In another moving scene, Kamini (Rashaana Shah), an untouchable, grabs Ravi Varma by hand and takes him to a place, where her community members are worshipping the poster designed by Varma as they were not allowed inside temples. She says, “Aap bhagwan ko bahar le aaye.” This dialogue is the philosophy behind the story.
 
During the dramatic climax, one of the loopholes of an otherwise fantastic story is when Ravi Varma says, “Jeevan ka uddaishya hai kala se sundar hona.” This is the resolution of the film.
 
No complicated dialogues and greater focus on the environment than the protagonist supplement for the correct feel. Yes, one can easily spot the problems with accents and over acting on part of secondary characters, but the premise has been laid in a manner which covers up for small glitches.
 
Though the attention is on the three-act structure than the hero, Randeep Hooda emerges as the real strength of Rang Rasiya. He is intense, jovial, blind in passion, untrustworthy, self righteous, a genius and a fighter and selfless, all at the same time. In one scene, he scolds Sugandha for being a fool in love. He is so effortless yet so influential in it that any director would fall for his mood transitions. Probably this is his best performance till date, and it’s going to be difficult for him to match up to Rang Rasiya again. 
 
Nandana Sen looks divine, elegant and enticing. She does justice to her role and doesn’t look vulgar or out of place in that hugely publicised love-making scene. On the other hand, she makes it appear graceful and prevents the plan from backfiring.
 
Ketan Mehta has done a commendable job as Rang Rasiya is far ahead of its contemporaries, which are still dealing with insane item numbers and illogical heists.
 
Rang Rasiya is much more than just a period film. It’s a statement on behalf of people who reject intolerance and are continuously striving for a new India which will give space to free voice. It’s a piece of art. (Interact with Rohit Vats at Twitter/@nawabjha )

Finolex to diversify into water managementUpdated: November 6, 2014 20:23 IST
Finolex to diversify into water management
Ramnath Subbu
business (general)
Finolex Industries plans to move in a big way into water management.
The company has PVC manufacturing facilities in Pune, Ratnagiri and Vadodara, and as part of the this initiative, it will spend Rs.90 crore over three years to increase capacity of its PVC pipes and fittings plants by around 40 per cent to 3.20 lakh tonnes annually.
“We have been in the pipe and fittings business for 25 years, and have a huge 15,000 dealer and sub-dealer network. With the government initiative for access to safe drinking water and toilets, we thought it was time to leverage our strong brand and experience in the industry,’’ Finolex Executive Chairman Prakash P. Chhabria told this correspondent. The company also launched a new website finolexwater.com.
Finolex was open to the idea of either entering into joint ventures or even buying technology for its water management business. Mr. Chhabria said, “we will introduce new ‘path-breaking’ products in the next few years, and will also provide new business for our dealers.’’
However, he did not expect the new business to provide additional revenues in the first year. “We plan to invest around Rs.50 crore per annum in the water management business over the next few years.’’
Finolex reported a turnover of Rs.2,453 crore in 2013-14, and expects to grow at 15-20 per cent annually over the next five years. “We should reach Rs.6,000 crore (around $1 billion) in the next five years, by which time we expect water management business to contribute around Rs.1,000 crore.’’
Expressing regret that the company had not entered the bottled water business before it took off in a big way in India, Mr. Chhabria said, “it would have been a natural progression for us and we would have loved to enter it but now it is too late and that market is already saturated.’’

Tata Global Beverages net profit falls 65%Tata Global Beverages net profit falls 65%
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 20:40 IST
Tata Global Beverages on Thursday reported a 65.3 per cent slide in consolidated net profit at Rs 62.45 per cent for the three months to September, notwithstanding a five per cent increase in revenues.
The company attributed the steep fall in net profit to a Rs 100-crore income from sale of property in the year-ago period. The company had logged Rs 180 crore net profit in September quarter last fiscal.
The lower profit is due to the Rs 100-crore exceptional gains from sale of property in the corresponding quarter last fiscal, Tata Global Beverages Chief Financial Officer L Krishna Kumar said.
He said the consolidated income from operations during the quarter rose five per cent to Rs 2,022 crore, and attributed the same to increased sales in Asia, Europe and the US.
Tata Global Beverages runs the coffee, tea and water businesses, besides Tata Group's JV with Starbucks.
He said tea and coffee segments performed well, adding that improvement in branded businesses more than offset the impact of lower crop available for sale in the plantation business as well as spends in new ventures.
The company, which is almost debt-free, had paid Rs 68.13 crore in taxes, down from Rs 72.03 crore.
The company said taxes are mainly due to tax on higher quantum of dividend received from overseas subsidiaries, a substantial part of which can be offset against dividend distribution tax.
During the quarter, its tea division, Tata Tea launched its Acti Green variant of green tea in the country. Its British arm Tetley continues to retain leadership in England's high growth, specialty tea categories.
During the quarter, the company entered the premium black tea segment in Australia with the launch of Tetley Tea Master's Selection, a range of single origin teas.
In the water segment, the Himalayan natural mineral water was launched in Mumbai and Delhi in a sparkling variant.
Tata Water Plus and Tata Gluco Plus expanded reach to Maharashtra, Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh.
Tata Starbucks, the joint venture between Tata Global Beverages and Starbucks, has entered Hyderabad taking its store count to 59 spread across Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Pune, Chennai and Hyderabad.

Jammu & Kashmir stun Delhi in Vijay Hazare openerBy: Press Trust of India | Bilaspur | Posted: November 6, 2014 8:31 pm
Veterans Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir failed yet again as Jammu and Kashmir powered by their skipper Parveez Rasool shocked Delhi by two wickets in the opening match of the North Zone leg of the National One Day Championship for the Vijay Hazare Trophy.
On a slow Bilaspur track, Delhi managed to score a below-par 212 for eight in 50 overs as skipper Gambhir scored a painstaking 36 off 75 balls while Sehwag, who is opening again, managed only 11 off 37 balls.
In reply, Jammu and Kashmir won in 49.2 overs as skipper Rasool scored 74 off 90 balls with the help of 12 boundaries.
It was pacer Ram Dayal, who hit the winning boundary off left-arm spinner Pawan Negi to finish off the match in style.
Batting first, both Sehwag and Gambhir found it difficult to get going on a slowish track. A strike-rate of 29.73 is not what one associates with Sehwag if he has faced more than 30 balls.
Sehwag was gone edging one off pacer Samiullah Beigh (3/35) to wicketkeeper Obaid Haroon. Unmukt Chand (1) also edged one to Haroon off Beigh. Gambhir and top scorer Milind Kumar (61) batted for some time before the former India opener was bowled by Beigh.
Another veteran Mithun Manhas (8) was adjudged leg before off seamer Adil Rishi’s bowling.
With four down for less than 100, Delhi required consolidation which was done by Milind and all-rounder Rajat Bhatia (50, 52 balls). While Milind was a bit slow taking 90 balls with four boundaries and a six, Bhatia played a brisk knock hitting seven fours.
During chase, it was Rasool, who played a pivotal role with some clean hitting as Hardeep Singh (21), Bandeep Singh (25) and Waseem Raza (27) gave him support.
In the end, it was Beigh (20 no) and Ram Dayal 97 no), who saw their team through.
For Delhi, Parvinder Awana (3/40) was the most successful bowler while Ashish Nehra (2/48 in 10 overs) also did a decent job.
Brief Scores:
Delhi 212/8 in 50 overs (Virender Sehwag 11, Gautam Gambhir 36, Milind Kumar 61, Rajat Bhatia 50, Samiuallah Beigh 3/35, Ram Dayal 2/47) Jammu and Kashmir 216/8 in 49.2 overs (Parveez Rasool 74, Ashish Nehra 2/48).
Punjab lose to Haryana
Out-of-favour Indian batsman Yuvraj Singh failed to make it count for Punjab as the Harbhajan Singh-led side lost to Haryana by 3 wickets in the Vijay Hazare one-day tournament at the Atal Bihari Vajpayee Stadium, in Nadaun on Thursday.
Put into bat, the much fancied Punjab rode Mandeep Singh’s 86 to muster 252 for eight in 50 overs and Haryana achieved the target in 49.1 overs.
Brief Scores:
Punjab 252/8 in 50 overs (Mandeep Singh 86, Taruwar Kohli 47 not out; Ashish Hooda 3-53, Harshal Patel 2-62) lost to Haryana 253/7 in 49.1 overs (Avi Barot 53, Sachin Rana 71 not out; Gurkeerat Singh 2-28) by 3 wickets.
Services edge Himachal
In another game at Dharamsala, Services edged out Himachal Pradesh by 2 wickets to gain vital 4 points on Day 1 of continued…

The joys of November nightsmusic
The Hindu Friday Review November Fest, 2014 is back, this time with fusion rock by Indian Ocean band, the magic of Manganiyars with Vidya Shah as well as soulful music from Clinton Cerejo.
The Hindu Friday Review November Fest 2014 is back. The annual festival that music lovers across the country look forward to, begins in Hyderabad on November 21, with an exciting array line-up of artistes spanning across classical, traditional folk, fusion and popular music. Spread across three days, music aficionados in Hyderabad will be treated to a mix of fusion music by iconic band Indian Ocean, then the magical, mystical Rajasthani musicians Manganiyars alongside classical artiste Vidya Shah followed by the new Indian popular music by Clinton Cerejo band. Between November 21 and 23, at 7.30 p.m., here’s what you can witness at Ravindra Bharati in Hyderabad.
Here’s what the festival features in Hyderabad between November 21 and 23, at Ravindra Bharati from 7.30 p.m. onwards.
November 21- THE TANDANU TOUR
Group: Indian Ocean
Genre: Folk Fusion
Venue: Ravindra Bharathi
Time: 7:30 pm Artistes: Amit Kilam: Drums, Vocals, Percussion/ Himanshu Joshi: Vocals/ Nikhil Rao: Guitars /Rahul Ram: Bass and vocals/ Tuheen Chakravorty: Tabla and other Percussions/ Dhruv Jagasia: Manager/ Nikhil Dutt: Lights/ Samir Kripalani: SoundRenowned Cellist Yo Yo Ma once said, “Indian Ocean does with Indian music what I’ve always wanted to do with Chinese music”. Gear up for an evening of exhilarating Indian music, re-invented by the country's foremost folk rock band Indian Ocean. Listen to native Indian and subcontinental sounds merge seamlessly with traditions of other genres like jazz and rock. From spirituality to Sufi poetry to a call for revolution... the band’s music will take you on a journey that juxtaposes the ancient with the contemporary and the past with the future. Indian Ocean has been one of the spearheads of the Indian rock scene ever since its inception in the early 90s. Their unique sound of contemporary rock mixed with classical, jazz and fusion have earned them a cult following and rave reviews from critics and audiences. The exclusive band has managed to maintain this inimitable sound in all its albums, as it explores themesas diverse as Sufism, environmental consciousness and mythology, in its songs.
November 22- NIRGUN NAAD
The Group: Vidya Shah & the Manganiyars
Genre: Sufi-Bhakti; Duration: 90 minutes
Time: 7:30 pm
Artistes: Vidya Shah: Vocals and Curation /Amjad Khan: Tabla/Darbuka /Ghulam Ali: Sarangi/ Amar Sangam: Guitar and Mandolin /
The Manganiyars: Vocals, Khadtaal, Harmonium, Dhol, Bhapang
In a profusion of rhythm and melody, Vidya Shah brings together her classically trained voice with the magic of the Rajasthani Manganiyars, folk musicians who belong to a large community of traditional performers from Jaisalmer and its surrounding villages in Rajasthan. In the concert, the desert sounds embrace contemporary styles and music. The performance will fuse various elements of traditional, folk and contemporary music using not just vocals but also the dholak, daf, mandolin, guitar, sarangi and traditional Rajasthani instruments such as morchang, khartaal and bhapang.
November 23- NO FRONTIERS
The Group: The Clinton Cerejo Band
Genre: New Indian
Artistes: Bianca Gomes: Vocals/Sudeep Jaipurwale: Vocals/Beven Fonseca: Keyboard/ Sonu Sangameshwar: Bass/Manoj Thapliyal: Drums/Niranjan “Pozy” Dhar: Guitar
It was in MTV’s Coke Studio that Clinton Cerejo shot to fame with his rare ‘Sufi Pop’. Be it the manner in which he builds the meditative notes on top of each other in ‘Madari’ or the soulful manner in which he sings ‘Çhadh De’ with the Berklee Indian Ensemble, Cerejo offers a unique musical experience every time he performs. For those who do not know, he is also the voice behind songs like ‘Kya Karoon’, ‘Hey ya’, ‘Sooraj ki Bahon Mein’ and ‘Yaaram’.
The Clinton Cerejo Band is a group of a fine set of musicians like Bianca Gomes and Sudeep Jaipurwale who have remarkable vocal quality. Bianca Gomes, for instance, is a performer who sure knows how to present the strength in her voice. And, Sudeep Jaipurwale’s training in music is only more evident in his performances. With Cerejo at the helm of affairs, the band will perform music that is a versatile blend of Sufi pop, Bollywood hits and even the rare old hits.
IN HYDERABAD
Nov 22: Vidya Shah and the Manganiyars
Nov 23: The Clinton Cerejo Band
Venue: Ravindra Bharathi, Hyderabad

Global NCAP asks Nissan to withdraw Datsun GO from Indian marketNew Delhi, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 20:28 IST
Global NCAP asks Nissan to withdraw Datsun GO from Indian market
Yuthika Bhargava
The HIndu Photo: Rajeev Bhatt
TOPICS
recalls (products)
A few days after Datsun GO failed the crash test conducted by Global NCAP, the consumer car safety testing body has asked Japanese car maker Nissan to withdraw the model from the Indian market, saying it was ‘sub-standard’.
Nissan’s Datsun Go, which was launched in the country a year ago, had received a zero-star safety rating in the crash test. The vehicle structure collapsed, and was rated unstable during the test. The high forces placed on the crash test dummies posed a grave risk of death or serious injury. The GO’s body shell was so unstable that it would be pointless to include airbags in the car, Global NCAP had said.
Global NCAP Chairman Max Mosley has written to Nissan Chairman and CEO Carlos Ghosn, calling for an urgent withdrawal of Datsun GO from the Indian and related markets.
Mr. Mosley said, “It is extremely disappointing that Nissan has authorised the launch of a brand new model that is so clearly sub-standard. As presently engineered Datsun GO will certainly fail to pass the United Nation’s frontal impact regulation, in these circumstances, I would urge Nissan to withdraw the Datsun Go from sale in India pending an urgent re-design of the car’s body-shell.”
Responding to a query from The Hindu, a Nissan spokesperson said, “We have heard from the media that a letter is sent, but we have not received it yet. We are not ready to provide any comments before we got more info.”
"As previously indicated, the company believes that road safety is a key concern globally and in India, but is not a fixed or ‘one-for-all’ issue (it differs by countries and evolves through time, as the traffic and society conditions change)," the spokesperson added.
Mr. Mosley said applying the UN’s minimum crash test standards to all passenger car production worldwide was a key recommendation of the Global Plan for the UN Decade of Action for Road Safety. “Given Carlos Ghosn’s responsibilities as Chairman and CEO of Nissan and President of the European Car Manufacturers Association, he should now demonstrate leadership both in Nissan and on behalf of the vehicle industry generally that corresponds to the UN’s legitimate expectation that automobile safety should be improved during the Decade of Action,” he said.

Janata Parivar meets  merger on the cardsNew Delhi, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 7, 2014 17:14 IST
Janata Parivar meets, merger on the cards
Smita Gupta
Tweet
The Hindu “Janata Parivar” leaders (from left) Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav, JD (S) leader Deve Gowda, JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav, RJD leader Lalu Prasad and former Bihar CM Nitish Kumar during a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
parties and movements
Mulayam Singh Yadav, Lalu Prasad, Deve Gowda and Nitish Kumar meet at the SP chief's residence; “There is a strong possibility we might merge and form one party,” says Nitish
A merger of parties belonging to the “Janata Parivar” appears to be on the cards following a meeting between them at Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh’s residence here on Thursday.
While the parties resolved to work together inside and outside Parliament as a strong Opposition, former Bihar Chief Minister and Janata Dal (United) leader Nitish Kumar told the media later: “We resolved today to work together and in the near future. There is a strong possibility we might merge and form one party.”
Those who gathered at Mr. Singh’s residence included Janata Dal (S) chief H.D. Deve Gowda, Rashtriya Janata Dal supremo Lalu Prasad, Samajwadi Janata Party leader Kamal Morarka and Indian National Lok Dal MP Dushyant Chautala.
Sources at the meeting said during the discussions the Janata Parivar leaders agreed that it was imperative that they came together as the Congress had all but vacated the Opposition space. Sources said Mr. Singh also pointed out that on key economic issues, such as the Insurance Bill, the BJP and the Congress were usually together.
If a merger does take place, it is likely to be followed by the formation of a joint platform with other regional parties.
The trigger has been provided by the Assembly elections in Bihar and UP, where the JD(U) and the SP are currently in power. Assembly elections in Bihar are due next year and in Uttar Pradesh in 2017.
The meeting drew up an initial plan of action that will see its members campaign across the country on issues on which they hope to pin down the BJP on the electoral promises it made, such as bringing back black money, creating jobs and enhancing the minimum support price for crops.
Most of these parties had also campaigned for the INLD in Haryana during the just-concluded Assembly elections. They also attended a rally called by Rashtriya Lok Dal chief Ajit Singh in Meerut.
The Janata experiment: From The Hindu archives
October 21, 2014
Finishes way behind in Haryana as the BJP outplays it in social engineering
October 2, 2014
Though not a Third Front yet, there are signs that the Janata Parivar — and some of its old friends — shaken out of its lethargy by this year’s general election results, is tentatively working towards creating an anti-BJP platform.
August 21, 2010

Airtel launches One Touch Internet for prepaid usersUpdated: November 6, 2014 20:57 IST
Airtel launches ‘One Touch Internet’ for prepaid users
Staff Reporter
telecommunication service
Airtel has launched a new internet services, ‘One Touch Internet’, to allow first-time users to discover the power of Internet on phone. With this, the company plans to increase its mobile data business from the prepaid segment. As of now, around 90 per cent of the customers are on pre-paid plans and only a small per cent of the overall pre-paid base uses mobile data services.
‘One Touch Internet’ is a WAP (Wireless Application Protocol) portal designed with a simple, secure and intuitive interface that is aimed to simplify Internet services for non-data users.

Modi govt sell-off drive stalls  more spending cuts on wayNarendra Modi govt's sell-off drive stalls, more spending cuts on way
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 21:59 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The government will fall well short of its $9.5 billion privatisation target this year, despite a big stock market rally that has attracted foreign investors, two sources told Reuters.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious selloff agenda has met resistance from labour unions and faces delays due to bureaucratic upheaval caused by a purge of the top team at the finance ministry that handles asset sales.
Officials say a fall in global oil prices will reduce the government's subsidy burden, giving it a greater chance of hitting its ambitious fiscal deficit target of 4.1 percent of gross domestic product in the fiscal year to March.
But they warn that revenues from share sales could reach just half the target, forcing Modi to take the axe again to spending after he last week banned bureaucrats from flying first class and staying at five-star hotels.
"At the most we could raise Rs 25,000-30,000 crore ($4.1-$4.8 billion) from disinvestment this year," one senior finance ministry official with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
India's bloated public sector is a legacy of its Soviet-style planned economy but, despite Modi's pro-business platform, it avoids even using the word "privatisation".
"It's more a divestment model," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told a World Economic Forum conference on Wednesday, stressing that the state would keep control over strategic state enterprises.
In his maiden Budget, Jaitley set a target of raising Rs 58,400 crore ($9.5 billion) from the sale of shares in companies in which the state has majority and minority stakes.
Yet the government has so far raised Rs 51,800 crore , less than one thousandth of its target, with more than half of the fiscal year gone. The Budget assumes that sell-off proceeds will generate 5.6 per cent of total revenues.
"Given the sluggish growth of tax revenues in (the) first half of 2014/15, meeting the disinvestment target would be crucial to ensure that the fiscal deficit remains in line with the budgeted level," said Aditi Nayar, an economist at ICRA, the Indian arm of rating agency Moody's.
BANNER SALE
The government is in the final stages of preparing its first major sale to raise about $2.8 billion from a 5 percent stake in energy explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), two sources told Reuters on Wednesday.
The cabinet has already given approval to sell a 10 per cent stake in Coal India that could help raise nearly $3 billion, besides shares in power producer NHPC and Steel Authority of India (SAIL).
But it faces opposition from trade unions to the Coal India sale, amid a power crisis caused by chronic shortfalls in production.
Over 400,000 Coal India employees, who blocked the previous government's attempt to sell a 10 percent stake, have threatened to strike on November 24 against privatisation.
"Employees do not want privatisation because it will encourage plundering of mines and push the workers back into slavery," said Jibon Roy, general secretary, All India Coal Workers Federation.
The government's plans to raise Rs 15,000 crore by selling its minority stakes in Hindustan Zinc and BALCO face a legal challenge from trade unions that have gone to the Supreme Court.
"I see no possibility of share sales in Hindustan Zinc and BALCO this fiscal year," said another senior finance ministry official with knowledge of the matter.
Officials worry that a shortfall in proceeds from share sales and lower tax collections due to the weak economic recovery could force them to cut budgeted spending again.
"The situation is not as bad as last year, but we may need expenditure cuts, maybe of Rs 20,000-25,000 crore," said the first source, adding there could be savings in capital spending as some ministries were unable to spend allocated funds.
In the last four years, India has raised Rs 75,800 crore against a budgeted target of Rs 1.5 trillion from the share sale programme.
($1 = 61.4200 rupees)

I was just trying to stay unbeaten: RayuduPrint
Ambati Rayudu smashed his maiden ODI ton and stayed there till the end (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 6, 2014 10:09 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 10:20 pm
An elated Ambati Rayudu said that his maiden hundred in international cricket will certainly be a “special one” as it took a long time to come. Rayudu, who first time played for India A back in 2003 as a 18-year-old talent had lost his way in the middle joining unsanctioned Indian Cricket League (ICL), leaving Hyderabad for Andhra and subsequently joining Baroda.
“It’s a special feeling as it’s been a long wait,” Rayudu said at the post-match presentation ceremony.
Rayudu feels that since the team management gave him confidence, it was easier for him to showcase his skills at No 3 position which captain Kohli voluntarily vacated for him.
“I think, more than anything, the confidence given to me by the coach, Virat and Dhoni bhai. All the members of the team management telling me, hang in there. I was not actually looking to get a hundred as such, just trying to stay unbeaten and see the team through and in the process I got to the hundred,” said the soft-spoken former India U-19 captain.
Asked if he would like to bat higher up the order, Rayudu was diplomatic.
“I think it’s left to the captain (keeping the No. 3 position), so I’ll stand by whatever decision he takes.”
Skipper Kohli was impressed in the manner Rayudu grabbed the chance to bat higher up the order. “It’s just giving the guys a bit of belief and confidence from my end. Duncan and the management as well, to go out there and perform, and the guys have responded beautifully so far,” Kohli said.
The skipper said that Rayudu, who has been around in the first-class circuit for a long time deserved the chance. “Rayudu was in the India ‘A’ team 12 years back, and it’s all about giving him the opportunity that he deserved. He made full use of that. We are treating every game as the last game of the series. That’s the kind of culture we’re building in this team.”
For Kohli, losing the toss was a “blessing in disguise” as there was quite a bit of dew later on.
Sri Lanka captain Angelo Mathews rued the fact that his team could not post a total in excess of 300.
“The 300 mark, makes a lot of difference. We lost our way in the middle and couldn’t pull through. These wickets are quite good for the batsmen and you need to score runs in the top four as well,” Mathews said.
“We’ll try to make it up in the next game, but it was an embarrassing performance. We need to try and get wickets because it’s never easy, with their batting line-up, to contain. We’ve got to pull out our best to try and see if we can beat the Indians.”

Kerala edge past GoaBy: Press Trust of India | Kochi | Posted: November 6, 2014 10:48 pm
The Sachin Tendulkar co-owned Kerala Blasters edged past FC Goa 1-0 to register their second win in the Hero Indian Super League (ISL) at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium.
After a goalless first half, Salgaoncar striker Milagres Gonsalves made it count for Kerala with a left footer that found the net in the 64th minute.
Coming in as the substitute in place of Chinadorai Sabeeth in the 56th minute, Milagres soon combined with another substitute Andrew Nikolas Barisic to give Kerala the winning goal.
In a move that brought the 47,000 capacity crowd to its feet, Penn Orji slid the ball from the far corner wide for Barisic inside the box, who drilled it across the face of the goal for Milagres at the far post. The forward then made no mistake as he tapped the ball in.
Kerala Blasters missed Iain Hume due to injury and made a total of four changes with Avinabo Bag, Raphael Romey, David James and Saumik Dey drafted in from the defeat against Mumbai City FC.
Former French international Robert Pires, who was the solitary change for Goa, was also unable to contribute and was finally substituted in the 72nd minute for Tolgay Ozbey.
Goa though enjoyed the possession far more than Kerala but failed to capitalise. They played well in the first half but lost their way in the second.
Kerala on the other hand did not stop attacking even after Milagres strike as the No.88 created chances from the flanks and pushed the Goan defense back.
The home side did guard their lead well to repudiate an equaliser.
Swift Moment of the Match went to Sabeeth for his attempt towards the end of the first half which was denied by the cross bar.
Narayan Das was declared the Fittest Player of the Match while ISL’s Emerging Player went to the young Kerala defender Sandesh Jhingan for his compact performance in the back line.
The win allowed Kerala to climb two spots to fifth in the league table while Zico’s Goa remained at the bottom of the chart.

Rayudu steals the showsports
India vs Sri Lanka: Ambati Rayudu steals the show
After electing to bat first, things didn't commence on the right note for Sri Lanka as the visitors lost Kusal Perera in the very first over of the innings. (Source: PTI)
The scoreboard reading 4/1, Kumar Sangakkara walked into the bat with a lot of expectations riding on his shoulders. The former skipper didn't disappoint the fans as he stitched some useful partnerships with Dilshan and Mathews to revive the Lankan innings. The elegant southpaw was finally dismissed for a crucial 86-ball 61. (Source: PTI)
Sangakkara and Dilshan made handy contributions but the star of the show for Lanka was skipper Angelo Mathews. He led from the front and accelerated the scoring towards the end. During his unbeaten 101-ball 92, he hit 10 glorious boundaries and one big one over it. The right-hander fell short of a well-deserved hundred by eight runs but ensured that Lanka end up scoring a decent total. (Source: PTI)
Chasing a competitive total, Indian openers didn't get off to a good start and were kept under check by Sri Lanka's new ball bowlers. With runs not coming freely, pressure mounted on the Indians and they lost Ajinkya Rahane for only 9. (Source: PTI)
Dhawan did go into a shell after Rahane's wicket but was looking confident in the middle. Fresh from a brilliant hundred in the series opener, Dhawan dispatched the bad balls and didn't shy away from giving the respect good balls deserved. (Source: PTI)
Promoted up the order, Ambati Rayudu combined well with Dhawan to the Indian chase back on track. The duo accelerated the scoring after getting their eye in and were running away before Dhawan tried one shot too many. The Delhi dasher was dismissed after scoring 79, and putting on 122 runs with Rayudu. (Source: PTI)
Rayudu continued with the show and shifted gears after bringing up his fifty, which he improved to a maiden ODI ton. The right-hander remained unbeaten on 121 and ended the chase in fine fashion, with a boundary. (Source: PTI)
Related

Suzlon sets up worlds tallest hybrid wind turbine in KutchJAMANWADA (KUTCH), November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 23:25 IST
Suzlon sets up world’s tallest hybrid wind turbine in Kutch
Lalatendu Mishra
Special Arrangement World's tallest wind turbine set up by Suzlon in Gujarat.
TOPICS
alternative energy
With this new turbine, the installed wind energy capacity at the Kucth region of Gujarat has gone up to 1,100 MW.
Suzlon Energy, on Thursday, put into operation the world’s tallest hybrid wind generator turbine here. The turbine, it is claimed, will generate 12-15 per cent more energy.
The 120-metre hybrid turbine, inaugurated by Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, had been designed and developed by local engineers.
This tower is taller by 40 metres than conventional wind turbine towers.
With this new turbine, the installed wind energy capacity at the Kutch region of Gujarat has gone up to 1,100 MW.
And, this makes it the Asia’s biggest wind energy park at one location, according to Tulsi Tanti, Chairman and Managing Director of Suzlon.
“This tower is ideal for low wind areas, and the potential is huge. In the next three years, this region will have 2,000 MW of wind energy capacity, and this will make it the world’s biggest wind energy park in one location. Six years ago, we had signed a memorandum of understanding with the Gujarat Government to set up 2,000 MW capacity here. Out of that, we have now crossed 1,100 MW,” Mr. Tanti said.
So far, India had a potential of 1 lakh MW of wind energy. With this breakthrough, however, the potential had increased to two lakh MW, Mr. Tanti pointed out.
“This potential from the hybrid 120-metre turbine is 50,000 MW as now we can go to low-wind side,” he said.
Suzlon has set up 25,000 MW wind energy capacity for its customers in 31 countries, including 9000 MW in India.

How I met Kamal HaasanUpdated: November 6, 2014 19:39 IST
How I met Kamal Haasan
SRINIVASA RAMANUJAM
Kamal with Ramesh Arvind on the sets of "Uttama Villain".
Kamal at his Alwarpet residence.
Kamal Haasan and Andrea in "Vishwaroopam".
Kamal Haasan with "Crazy Mohan' on the sets of latter's Tamil play "Chocolate Krishna".
Kamal and Kiran in "Anbe Sivam".
TOPICS
The actor turns 60 on Friday and his friends from the film industry recall the day they first met the ‘Ulaganayagan’
Crazy Mohan
Actor, Dialogue writer
While in college, I was part of the drama troupe. One of my skits, titled Great Bank Robbery, won me the best director and best writer awards and I received it from none other than Kamal Haasan. He was a big star then and I was just a student. However, my first professional meeting with him was much later and more interesting.
One evening in 1986-87, I was getting ready to go to Trivandrum to stage my play. There was a commotion behind my house in Mandaveli and I was curious to check it out. It turned out that a film crew was shooting in the cemetery there. I heard a voice from inside calling me. Usually, people are scared when they hear voices from inside a cemetery but I went in, courageously. It was Kamal Haasan who’d called me and he asked if I could write the dialogues for a project. And that was how, Apoorva Sagodharagal was born.
***
Ramesh Aravind
Director, Actor
I was asked to compere an event — to celebrate the successful run of Sagara Sangamam in Bangalore — and I saw Kamal Haasan there. That was the first time I saw him. But my actual meeting with him was much later.
I was playing Kamal’s role in the Kannada remake of Sollathan Ninaikiren. Director K. Balachander, who was working on Punnagai Mannan at that time, took me to the sets and introduced me to him. He just said, ‘Kannada padathula pichu odarran pa ivan’ and went away. I recall Kamal sir in the Charlie Chaplin costume that day — he was shooting for the ‘Maamaavukku Kudumaa’ number. And there, below a reflector, was the first time we exchanged words. I was also fortunate to see the shoot of the song, and the unique technique with which Kamal moves around with a cane chair stuck to his back.
***
Andrea
Actress, Singer
The first time I met Kamal sir was as a singer. I had sung the ‘Who’s the Hero’ song for his film Manmadhan Ambu, and I was part of the audio launch at Malaysia and Singapore. At that point, I never imagined that I’d do three films with him later. As an actor, I first met him on the sets of Vishwaroopam. He wanted to meet me once before finalising me for the role. He just asked me one question — Do you trust me? I blindly said yes. And that was it! I was on board, and with every film, my respect and admiration for him both as an artist and a human being has increased. He is truly one of the jewels of Indian cinema.
***
Kiran
Actress
I was just one film old (Gemini) and had got a call from Kamal sir’s office for Anbe Sivam. I didn’t know how to react. In fact, I’d given an interview just before the release of Gemini in which I’d said that it was my dream to act with Kamal Haasan….but I’d never thought it would happen so fast. When I entered his office, I didn’t even utter a word. He was discussing the project with his associates and I just watched him quietly. I didn’t even know if I would be part of it. At the end of the meeting, he looked at me and said, ‘OK, I’ll see you on the sets.’ And that was it!

Wellness firm VLCC mulls capital market forayUpdated: November 6, 2014 23:48 IST
Wellness firm VLCC mulls capital market foray
Indrani Dutta
beauty
VLCC is now looking to expand its footprints in Africa
Wellness company VLCC is understood to be toying with the idea of entering the capital market to scale up its operations.
The services business of VLCC spans across 12 cities in 16 countries, where it has direct company-owned operations. It is widely recognised for its scientific weight-loss solutions and therapeutic approach.
When queried on the capital market foray , VLCC founder and mentor Vandana Luthra, declined to comment.
However, sources with knowledge of the development said the Rs.1,000-crore turnover company was exploring the possibility of going public as its funds needs were increasing. The promoters are now holding 82.5 per cent of its equity, private equity funds 15 per cent and the balance by employees under ESOPs.
VLCC has a presence in India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Malaysia, Singapore, the UAE, Oman, Bahrain Qatar, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia. It is now looking to expand its footprints in Africa, and countries such as Korea. VLCC operates mainly through three verticals — fitness centres, vocational training academies, and manufacture of a comprehensive range of herbal and natural body and hair care products.
In an interaction with The Hindu here, Ms. Luthra said 70 per cent of the turnover was accounted for by services and the balance came through retailing of products The company had a manufacturing base in India, Bangladesh, Singapore and Switzerland.
VLCC is now playing a key role as a member of the technical and accreditation committee of the National Accreditation Board for Hospitals and Healthcare Providers to implement quality standards for the wellness industry. Ms. Luthra is the chairperson of the National Skill Development Corporation-funded Beauty and Wellness Sector Skill Council, which is evolving training modules for this sector
“Training is something close to my heart. We are working with 14 State governments and the Centre to empower youth and women to make them independent. When we work with State governments, we are developing modules for the under-privileged sections of the society whose basic courses are sponsored by the government. Our emphasis is on multi-tasking,” she said
“We are also trying to regularise the industry, which is mostly unorganised, and we are getting international experts for this. Efforts are also on to work out a minimum wage structure. In 18-20 months, you will see a lot of things happening,” she said
“I will also try to have a certifying council, which will give a certificate which will then become mandatory for a centre, and every worker therein will have to be certified,” Ms. Luthra said.

Apples gold smartwatch may cost $5 000Apple’s gold smartwatch may cost $5,000
Agencies  New York, November 06, 2014
First Published: 23:16 IST(6/11/2014) | Last Updated: 23:18 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Want Apple’s gold on your wrist? All you need is $4,000-5,000, equivalent to about Rs. 2.4 lakh to Rs. 3 lakh! A report by French website iGeneration has said that the gold range of the smartwatch, which would include a rose gold and a yellow gold version, is expected to be priced between $4,000 and $5,000.
The report said that Apple is keeping the 18-karat gold smartwatch priced on par with luxury Swiss brands.
At that price, it would be jostling with the starting ranges of luxury marques such as Rolex and Omega.
It would also be costlier than 10 iPads, and more than even the most expensive computer in Apple’s lineup, the Mac Pro, including bells and whistles such as monitor, mouse and keyboard!
Apple CEO Tim Cook had said in September that the Watch would retail starting at $349 (about Rs. 21,000) when it goes on sale, but did not specify the price range of the luxury gold range.
Cook had also said the company would release three watch collections — Sport, Watch and Edition (which is the luxury gold watch) — at different price points.
The sources quoted by the French website also say the Sport and Watch could be priced at $349 and $500 respectively, adding Apple is eyeing a Valentine’s Day launch for all three. Apple says its new S1 chip, which will go into the Apple Watch, is more or less an entire digital ecosystem inside a single insulated enclosure.
Apple has so far refused to be drawn into commenting on speculations.

Bank strike on Nov. 12Updated: November 7, 2014 00:03 IST
Bank strike on Nov. 12
Special Correspondent
strike
Banking operations across the country will take a hit on November 12, following a strike call given by the All India Bank Employees’ Association demanding early wage revision.
The decision was taken after a conciliation meeting in New Delhi on Wednesday night failed as the offer made by the Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) did not provide a substantial improvement, AIBEA general secretary C.H. Venkatachalam said.
After hearing both sides, Chief Labour Commissioner P.P. Mitra asked the IBA and the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) to reach an amicable settlement. He advised the IBA to talk to the union to find ways to avert the strike.
He adjourned the conciliation meeting to November 10.
Mr. Venkatachalam said the IBA argued that it was unable to accept the UFBU demands because of the falling profitability of banks. It wanted the union to defer the strike so that the negotiations could be continued.

Canara Bank reports flat netUpdated: November 7, 2014 00:01 IST
Canara Bank reports flat net
Special Correspondent
Canara Bank, on Thursday, registered a marginal rise in net profit at Rs. 627 crore in the September quarter compared to Rs.626 crore in the same quarter in the previous year.
The operating profit rose by 14.1 per cent to Rs.1,626 crore.
Bank Executive Director P. S. Rawat said the bank was ‘optimistic’ about increase in credit demand from the corporate sector in the days to come. The bank also expected to hit the markets with qualified institutional placement (QIP) to raise around Rs.3,000 crore in the current quarter.
Gross non-performing assets (NPAs) of the bank stood at Rs.9,164 crore, and the bank suffered a fresh slippage of Rs.3,178 crore.
Executive Director V. S. Krishna Kumar said the fresh slippages were primarily from companies in sectors such as telecom and textiles.

Marginal rise in Q2 net profit of Indian BankUpdated: November 6, 2014 23:59 IST
Marginal rise in Q2 net profit of Indian Bank
G. Balachandar
company information
Indian Bank has reported a marginal rise in its net profit during the second quarter of this fiscal. The bank, whichshowed improvements in recoveries, seeks to contain net NPA (non-performing assets) at about 2.5 per cent by the end of this year.
For the second quarter ended September 30, 2014, it reported a net profit of Rs.314 crore, up from Rs.306 crore in the year-ago period, aided by a rise in other income, which grew by 21 per cent at Rs.336 crore.
T. M. Bhasin, Chairman and Managing Director, said the bank made a robust recovery from technically written-off accounts during the second quarter. It also had an income of Rs.50 crore through forex during the period. Both these contributed to growth in operating profit that rose by 8.4 per cent at Rs.765 crore (Rs.706 crore) as also to the bottom line. Total recovery in NPA was Rs.395 crore in Q2.
He also said that the bank had deliberately shed low-cost deposits in a bid to improve yield. Indian Bank would continue to focus on containing the cost of deposits, he added.
Net interest income (difference between interest earned and interest expended) rose 8 per cent to Rs.1,176 crore. Gross NPA rose to 4.21 per cent during Q2 of this fiscal from 3.76 per in Q2 of previous fiscal. Net NPA fell marginally to 2.55 per cent from 2.56 per cent.
Net credit grew by seven per cent year-on-year to Rs.1,16,646 crore, and deposits rose by eight per cent to Rs.1,64,982 crore in the second quarter.

Ramco Systems posts profit in second quarterUpdated: November 6, 2014 23:55 IST
Ramco Systems posts profit in second quarter
Sanjay Vijayakumar
company information
Turnaround has been attributed to shift in the focus to international markets
ERP solutions provider Ramco Systems swung to profit zone in the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 from a loss situation in the same period last year. The company also launched its product on wearable devices.
The Chennai-based firm posted second quarter net profit of $0.53 million, against a loss of $1.50 million in the comparable period. Revenue grew 42 per cent to $14.61 million from $10.21 million in the year-ago period.
CEO Virender Aggarwal attributed the turnaround to shift in the focus to international markets. International markets accounted for 72 per cent of the firm’s revenue in the second quarter. The firm has units in the U.S., Canada, Switzerland, Singapore, Malaysia, Australia, South Africa, Sudan and Dubai.
“We embarked on a massive transformation exercise, which is nearly complete. Our revenues have consistently been growing and investor sentiment positive. We expect the growth momentum to continue,” P.R. Venketrama Raja, Vice-Chairman and Managing Director, Ramco Systems Ltd., said in a statement.
The company also launched its solution for wearable devices such as Google Glass and Pebble smart watch.
“Globally, there is a shift in the way ERP applications are being consumed. The era of seeing ERP as a system of record is a passe. Enterprises are looking for IT applications to solve business problems. Our platform-based approach to building ERP has enabled us to launch solutions on wearables and integrate with in-memory-based engine to deliver business value to users. This is the future, and we are among the forerunners in this game,” Mr. Aggarwal said.

FTIL signs pact to exit IEXNEW DELHI, November 7, 2014
Updated: November 7, 2014 00:13 IST
FTIL signs pact to exit IEX
PTI
economy, business and finance
Financial Technologies will fully exit IEX by selling its entire stake to a clutch of investors, including TVS Shriram Growth Fund, for Rs.576.84 crore.
“FTIL, on Wednesday, entered into a share purchase agreement (SPA) with TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1, S. Gopalkrishnan, Lakshmi Narayanan, Rajeev Gupta, Dalmia Cement Bharat Power Ventures Ltd, Kiran Vyapar Ltd, TVS Capital Funds Ltd, and Agri Power and Engineering Solutions Pvt Ltd for sale of 25.64 per cent equity stake on a fully diluted basis in IEX for an consideration of Rs.576.84 crore,” a company statement said.
In the wake of the Rs.5,600-crore NSEL payment scam, the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission had directed Jigesh Shah-led FTIL to completely exit from IEX, the country’s leading power exchange with more than 95 per cent market share. NSEL is a group firm of FTIL.
The transaction is subject to fulfilment of certain condition precedents.
Post-completion of the transaction, FTIL would have completely exited IEX.

Energy  economy to top PMs G-20 agendaG20
India will seek energy efficiency laws as well as change in the energy mix to push for renewable energies: Suresh Prabhu
Energy and economy will be the key issues at the G-20 summit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s point person, or ‘Sherpa,’ Suresh Prabhu said on Thursday.
Describing key environment and clean energy concerns that India will take up at the summit in Brisbane from November 14 to 16, Mr. Prabhu said India would seek “energy efficiency laws as well as changing the energy mix to push for renewable energies.”
Mr. Prabhu distanced himself from comments reported in a newspaper on delinking “the bracketing of India and China on climate change issues.”
Responding to a question from The Hindu on his controversial remarks, Mr. Prabhu said, “The G-20 is not a negotiating platform, we want to focus future negotiations on adaptation to climate change. All other discussions will be held by the Ministry of Environment and Forest in Peru next year, not by me at the G-20.”
Mr. Prabhu’s earlier comments reported in the paper suggested a shift from the government’s stand at climate change conferences coordinated among the ‘BASIC’ grouping of Brazil, South Africa, India and China formed in 2009. India has also signed a bilateral agreement with China in 2009 on climate change cooperation.
Mr. Prabhu said Mr. Modi would also make a pitch for bringing down worldwide cost of remittances to India. “India is the world’s largest recipient of remittances at $71 billion. We will urge G-20 nations to take steps to reduce the cost of sending money here,” he said.
In some cases, the cost of sending money to developing countries is as high as 10 per cent of the value of the remittances, he said, adding, efforts must be made to reduce it to less than five per cent.
Mr. Modi will go on a three-nation 10-day tour on November 11.

After the re-electionRousseff faces a daunting set of challenges. First, the country faces an immediate economic problem. (Source: AP)
Written by Peter Kingstone | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:15 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 1:16 am
The presidential election season is over in Brazil and status quo has been reaffirmed, but not without some early surprises, rancour and, even among the victors, a certain amount of disappointment. For roughly 10 years, Brazil enjoyed its status as an emergent global power under the presidency of the charismatic Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his handpicked successor, Dilma Rousseff. Then the gloss came off: massive protests in 2013, an economy grinding to a near halt and a growing awareness of critical social, economic and infrastructure problems threatening the gains of the new middle class. In the air of gloom around Brazil this past year, it’s no wonder many expected Rousseff, the incumbent Worker’s Party (PT) president, to lose.
Instead, Rousseff squeaked through on the narrowest margin in Brazilian history — 51.6 per cent to 48.4 per cent for Aécio Neves of the Brazilian Social Democratic Party (PSDB). The election revealed a population more sharply polarised than at any time since the restoration of democracy in 1985, with the PT drawing support from low income voters in the north and northeast, while Neves and the PSDB deepened their base among middle- and upper-class voters in the south and southeast. Neither candidate offered a clear or inspiring message about the future. Rather, this was a backwards-looking election in which the two parties that have dominated presidential politics since 1994 battled over their respective legacies.
While the candidates were uninspiring, on at least one level this was an encouraging election. Brazil’s “new republic” began inauspiciously, with the chaotic economic circumstances only matched by its politics. Observers, foreign and domestic, described the new democracy as “feckless”, “ungovernable”, “drunk” and suffering from “hyperactive paralysis”. This view persisted into the early 2000s, even as the context began to improve both economically and politically. So, deep worries about Brazil’s democracy are not part of some distant past.
Yet, this election showed some hallmarks of a mature democracy. Over the course of the campaign, voters settled into two relatively coherent voting blocs around distinct programmatic offerings. For a while, a sizeable block of disgruntled voters considered Marina Silva’s insurgent quasi-outside campaign. But the absence of a clear platform and tangible responses to the challenges facing the country, coupled with her limited political organisation, led voters back to the most realistic candidates.
Ultimately, they made reasonable “retrospective” choices (that is, voting based on evaluations of past performance of a party or candidate, whether focused on personal circumstances or broader societal judgements). The fact that voters could reliably judge party and candidate reputations says a great deal about the impressive distance Brazilian democracy has travelled in a relatively short time.
In the end, a small majority of voters expressed a preference for preserving a government of social inclusion, despite growing reservations even among party loyalists. The reservations are well founded. Rousseff faces a daunting set of continued…

Gonsalves blasts Kerala past FC GoaUpdated: November 7, 2014 01:14 IST
Gonsalves blasts Kerala past FC Goa
Stan Rayan
The Hindu Kerala Blasters' Milagers Gonsalves scores the match-winner against FC Goa in their ISL encounter on Thursday. Photo: H. Vibhu
TOPICS
soccer
Striker Iain Hume had spoken about a few hungry men looking to score in the Kerala Blasters camp just the other day — men like Milagres Gonsalves and Andrew Barisic.
On Thursday night, in front of some 40,000 roaring home fans at the Nehru Stadium here, substitute Gonsalves scored his first goal of the Hero Indian Super League against FC Goa. And that 64th minute strike turned out to be the match-winner.
The Goan had come in for the erratic C.S. Sabeeth just eight minutes before that. And setting him up was another sub, Australian Barisic, who had come in two minutes after Gonsalves.
Barisic came up with a smart ball across the face of the goal and an alert Gonsalves, who was close by, was quick to tap it in.
The home fans had a bit of a shock when they found the Blasters’ top goal-getter — Hume — missing from the line-up. Hume had apparently suffered an injury. Still, it was the Blasters who looked stronger and confident, creating plenty of chances. Scottish midfielder Stephen Pearson was the star of the day, coming up with some lively play. But for most of the first half, it was a tale of missed chances for the home side with Sabeeth missing at least three good chances, with one in the last few seconds of the first session bouncing off the crosspiece.
Pearson was the man behind that move. He broke through nicely through the centre and after a nice one-two with captain Penn Orji, passed to Sabeeth only to see the forward mess up the best chance of the session.
Five minutes before that, Sabeeth sent a promising cross from the right to Orji. The Nigerian could not control it properly but he immediately relayed it to Pearson but the Scot could not head it in.
Early on, Goan defender Narayan Das failed to clear a long ball inside the box in the 18th minute and Sabeeth, who was lurking nearby, smelt a chance. He danced around Das but fumbled a bit and Das recovered to clear the ball to safety.
Goa had its chances too but with the defenders, especially Sandesh Jhingan, standing strong, the visitor had a tough time. Robert Pires, coming in after serving a two-match ban, offered a promising pass to Czech striker Miroslav Slepicka but Jhingan warded off the danger.
And Australian Tolgay Ozbey, the match-winner in Goa’s last game who came in for Pires in the 72nd minute on Thursday, looked dangerous near the 75th minute. But instead of going for the goal, he passed to Clifford Miranda which was cleared by Jhingan.
Both teams opted for a 4-4-1-1 system with Orji lying behind Sabeeth. The Blasters made four changes to their starting line-up and this included its marquee player David James returning to man the goal.
The win, just their second in the ISL, takes the Blasters to the fifth spot with seven points in the table while Goa stays at the bottom with four.
Blasters now play Delhi Dynamos next on November 9 in Kochi while Goa hosts Mumbai City the same day.
The result: Kerala Blasters 1 (Milagres Gonsalves 64) bt FC Goa 0.

The failure of the Indian imaginationUpdated: November 7, 2014 01:55 IST
The failure of the Indian imagination
Gautam Bhatia
civic infrastructure
The failure of Narendra Modi’s infrastructure plan reflects the larger failure of the Indian imagination, a mindless enumeration of ideas that have little or no bearing on Indian reality. When much of what is built is a half-baked imitation of disparate items tried and tested elsewhere, it becomes hard to fault Mr. Modi.
If the recent image of Prime Minister Narendra Modi swinging on the jhula with Chinese President Xi Jinping was meant to suggest a technological consensus of two great eastern republics, it was a mistaken metaphor. China’s advances in technology and infrastructure have moved it much beyond Indian reach, leaving Mr. Modi alone on the swing. With no one to push, India flounders.
In fact in the standard parlance of engineering development, the Chinese have even outwitted the West. Earlier, if the country’s geopolitical isolation had made comparisons difficult, the opening up has asserted its preeminent presence in the new world. In allowing the world’s star architects to build and plan the Olympic Games and the commercial structures of Shanghai, the Chinese model is now a diligent and deliberate upscaling of western ideas. In China, roads and railways whisk traffic across thousands of miles on flawless concrete, and its rail system straddles some of the world’s highest passes. Even the Hoover dam is child’s play when compared to the Three Gorges dam. German and French engineers are agog at the sight of such structural bravado; connectivity across the eastern seaboard of China is being studied by western transport planners. At one time, the industrial town was a symbol of 19th century England, the highway of 20th century America; now, the shiny factory assembly line is a picture of the new China. Having outwitted most western engineering inventions, the Chinese have even given everything a hyperbolic edge: the biggest dam, the highest rail line, the tallest single span bridge, the longest highway, the largest port, the greenest city. They have become better Americans than even the Americans.
Read: Infrastructure: Connecting the nation
Right course of action?
But the Chinese technological thrust has always been part of a history of persistence that came from political and economic hardship. A nation whose ethics of work and physical labour were intrinsically linked to political ideology, Chinese success came at a huge cost to personal freedom and a Draconian martial arts-like discipline that has had widespread social and cultural implications. It need hardly be confused with the exercise of a new eastern imagination. Moreover, it would be downright ludicrous to suggest that India attempt anything on that scale.
There are of course serious doubts whether the Chinese model of physical development of city and countryside is in fact the correct course of action for India. Serious differences of perception and interpretation remain. China’s continental size — more than three times our own — and consequently a population density a third of India, makes the applicability of standard urban models a real possibility there. Moreover, Indian cities have large concentrated pockets of marginalised population — a growing number that live off the streets in a hand-to-mouth existence. The real qualities of Indian urbanisation are therefore closer in character to West Africa, where similar migrations from the impoverished countryside make African cities a makeshift melting pot of the dispossessed. Cities like Lagos, Monrovia and Abuja and their ramshackle unmade state are similar to Indian towns like Lucknow, Pune, and Hyderabad — places that seem not to be governed by any overall civic order, but appear as either planning failures, or as temporary encampments. Without any defined sense of public purpose, people jostle, park, sell, eat, sleep, defecate … everything goes on everywhere.
In such a setting, the failure of Mr. Modi’s infrastructure plan reflects the larger failure of the Indian imagination — a desperate and mindless enumeration of ideas that have little or no bearing on Indian reality. When much of what is built is a half-baked imitation of disparate items tried and tested elsewhere, it becomes hard to fault Mr. Modi. So, his own campaign begins as a national sanitation drive. Pride in the belief of big things — like suspension bridges and high speed rail — can come only after a classroom reprimand on cleanliness and littering. Why give people the best highway if they are only going to defecate alongside it?
Endorsing public transport
In providing the right answers to the wrong questions, disappointment multiplies. The failure of the Delhi metro system for instance is not linked to its ability to respond to the city’s growing need, but its expediency as the right means to a wrong end. The city’s capacity to contain its residents in active living and working neighbourhoods is continually thwarted by encouraging them on longer and longer commutes, as the metro does. So much so, that the system itself is reaching breaking point. Though its 12-year operation, the metro has made regular changes to keep pace with demand. Increase in the number of coaches, length of the platforms, frequency of trains, the fight to stay ahead of the numbers is a lifelong struggle. Why then in such a failing scenario, does the government propose more metro systems in other cities: Bengaluru, Chennai, then Jaipur and Bhopal? In the long term, wouldn’t the Modi plan make more sense if it clearly restated the futility of distance travel and countered the excessive mobility that is destroying most cities?
Increasing car population similarly has rendered travel so inefficient, traffic speeds in India are some of the slowest in the world, Mumbai at 9 km per hour, Delhi at 7. Instead of promoting the car industry, with ready licences to set up new plants, the government needs to endorse both public transport and shared private transport. At the same time it should encourage the research and development of Indian solar/electric hybrids for buses and city trams. Brazil’s attempt at a cheap wooden vehicle for rural transport hasn’t met with much success, but in the search for alternatives, there is a sincere attempt to develop an indigenous model.
Imbalance in housing
Of the many other vague infrastructure promises, Mr. Modi’s agenda makes references to every Indian owning his own home by 2020. The history of government promises on home construction is littered with statistical failure and numerous housing programmes that have died while still on paper. In 1990, the National Buildings Organisation stated that the country’s requirement for shelter was two crore units. A decade later, the backlog doubled. Today, the housing demand stands at a whopping 5.5 crore. The dysfunctional imbalance between expectation and provision clearly suggests that a private house on a private piece of land is an impossible anomaly. Given the numbers, is the idea of home ownership itself practical? How can such demands be replaced by other more effective architectural mechanisms that examine urban privacy and community living and create living models?
On the subject of smart cities, the Prime Minister’s ideas arise out of mere information and communication technology, and state no clear guides to urban organisation, no vision on the values of civic life and settlement. The setting up of smart cities, based on the assumption that Indian cities can operate as technological models similar to Berlin and Toronto, is as good as inventing an air-conditioner for Alaska. Redundancy is guaranteed. How do computer-aided living, banking, utility distribution, etc. help a formless city where more than half its citizens are the unregistered dispossessed, without home or long-term employment?
Among the majority of people buoyed by Mr. Modi’s recent victory into an animated optimism, many remain a silent majority. Even if the Prime Minister’s intentions are good, their future action seems to be emerging from misguided sources and inspirations. Certainly, the Chinese experiment has been a resilient retesting of the American technological model, and Mr. Modi’s wholehearted support for it finds many takers among the young in India. But many others oppose its application on the grounds that slower development along traditional lines would perpetuate a more suitable Indian cultural identity and a less degraded environment.
The failure of both these streams of thinking leaves India a residual mess, and in a constant state of war over resources, distribution and implementation. The inability to fully grasp and copy the most rudimentary of time-tested western — now Chinese — models for cities, highways, trains, bridge designs, auto and transport ideas, Bus Rapid Transit Systems (BRT), etc. has left the country’s landscape a time warp of incompetence and despair. Because it stifles innovation, the traditional path on the other hand promises a far slower transition to modernity; in the surge for increasing material demands and a populace screaming for better days ahead, the traditional idea too is unacceptable. The unease with both approaches, must lead to a third, perhaps more innovative local approach, and one that Mr. Modi must first discover by asking the right questions. Otherwise the hope for something new, wholly inventive and wholly Indian will fade altogether from memory.
(Gautam Bhatia is a Delhi-based architect and sculptor.)

Easy riding: 7 tunnels planned at key spots to ease Delhi trafficDelhi traffic police have proposed construction of seven tunnel roads in the city, a move that will open up badly clogged stretches like ITO where traffic jams are expected to come down by 80%, sources said on Thursday.
 
These roads are likely to be short – each around 1 kilometre to 2.5 kilometres in length – to make them cost-effective and allow motorists to use them as soon as possible.
 
“If you look at the way roads have been planned in Delhi you will notice that a lot of stretches have been left disconnected. The idea is to connect the missing links and provide an alternative route for commuters,” said Anil Shukla, joint commissioner of police (traffic).
 
A high-powered committee of the union transport ministry will soon examine the proposal and the traffic police hope at least one tunnel road will be ready in two years.
 
HT had run a 24-part series, Unclog Delhi, in August and September, identifying the city’s most congested stretches and possible ways to free them up.
 
These tunnel roads will connect parallel locations, for instance Bhagwan Das Road and Old Fort to Ring Road, easing traffic jams in adjacent areas like ITO, Mandi House, Tilak Marg, Mathura Road and Pragati Maidan.
 
A traffic police report says over 100,000 vehicles pass through the ITO crossing every day.
 

Barack Obama writes to Iran supreme leader secretly  says reportObama has secretly written to Iran's supreme leader to discuss cooperation in the fight against Islamic militants.
By: Agence-France Presse | Washington | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:48 am
US President Barack Obama has secretly written to Iran’s supreme leader to discuss possible cooperation in the fight against Islamic militants providing there is a nuclear deal, a US daily reported today.
Obama sent the letter last month to Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and described what he called a “shared fight” against the Sunni militant Islamic State group, the Wall Street Journal said, citing “people briefed on the correspondence.”
Iran, a Shiite Muslim state, and the United States have not had diplomatic ties since the 1979 storming of the American embassy in Tehran and the 444-day hostage crisis.
But there has been a growing recognition that Iran – still dubbed by Washington a state sponsor of terrorism – could play a role in helping to restore stability in countries such as Iraq and Syria.
Refusing to deny or confirm the report, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said: “I’m not in a position to discuss private correspondence between the president and any world leader.”
Iran and the United States are currently negotiating a complex deal to rein in Iranian nuclear ambitions in exchange for an easing of crippling international sanctions against the Islamic republic.
Earnest repeated that on the sidelines of those talks, being led by a group of powers known as the P5+1, Iran and the US had discussed the threat of the militants.
But he reiterated the US stand that “the United States will not cooperate militarily with Iran in that effort, we won’t share intelligence with them.”
In his letter, Obama reportedly stressed to Khamenei that any cooperation in fighting IS militants would depend on reaching a comprehensive nuclear deal, as a November 24 deadline looms.
The Journal said it was believed to be the fourth letter from Obama to Khamenei since the American leader took office in 2009. US officials told the paper that the Iranian leader has never responded personally to the overtures.
Many of Washington’s regional allies, including Israel as well as Saudi Arabia, have been wary of the US administration bid to engage Iran diplomatically, and the Journal’s sources said the White House did not tell those countries in advance of Obama’s letter.
US Secretary of State John Kerry will on Sunday meet with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif as well as EU foreign policy chief Cathy Ashton in Oman, for a fresh round of nuclear talks.
They will meet in Muscat, which hosted secret Iran-US talks in 2012, widely credited for bringing Tehran back to the nuclear negotiations.

Mythology  science and societyUpdated: November 7, 2014 02:17 IST
Mythology, science and society
Tweet
“On reading Arthur C. Clarke, we are swept into the era of the space odyssey, even if the spaces are distinctly different.” (From top clockwise) two stills from Stanley Kubrick’s adaptation of Clarke’s novel 2001: A Space Odyssey; actor Mark Hamill posing with the figure of a Star Wars character; and ‘Star Wars’ creator George Lucas with his creation Darth Vader.
TOPICS
science and technology
Myths are old legends; history is what is thought to have happened, of which science is a part. To replace the latter with the former is rather fanciful…
Some people believe that modern scientific inventions were known to the ancient-most Indians. That there is little scientific evidence to support this may be understood by raising the possibility that the required knowledge may have existed five thousand years ago but has not been preserved, or that we cannot categorically deny the existence of such knowledge. So we thought it might be useful to review this view.
Magic realism
Mythology is magic realism in the sense that there is some realism and a lot of magic in the fabric of mythology, woven into legendary tales with supernatural objects and supernatural powers. Myths also show the extremes of human behaviour, dilemmas, attitudes and paradoxes. Take out the imagination and the tale slackens into humdrum homily.
Now, imagination we have aplenty with aerial vehicles, multiple heads and arms, all kinds of yantras (contraptions) that can, at one remove, be claimed as sci-fi or hi-fi apparatus, all invented by fecund imagination rooted in a mythological past. In this we are no different from other societies with an ancient past. Can we, on the basis of this, say that modern inventions existed in that past? This takes us, with another sweeping flight of imagination, into the belief that all imagined objects were actually part of the material inventions of the past. And when the myths enter into people’s beliefs, mythology gets entangled with religion.
Of course, imagination has been a powerful creative force and continues to be. And we have myths today that encapsulate our current imagination. If we read Jules Verne or Arthur C. Clarke we are swept into the era of the space odyssey, even if the spaces are distinctly different. Or if we take George Orwell’s 1984, we are taken into the era of an authoritarian system of robot-and-computer-like people taking over and ruling us. Such imagination, on occasion, has turned out to be prophetic. But there is a substantial difference. This imagination sometimes makes a link with reality as projected for the future, whereas in India today the claim is that it connects to a reality from our past. So where is this to be placed in time — in the future or in the past?
Mythology should be read as mythology, and therefore with a rich, and separate identity. Ancient myth-makers, among the Egyptians, Greeks, Indians, Chinese and others, saw myth as involving gods and the supernatural, so it is perhaps sensible not to confuse it with history or science. Myths are old legends; history is what is thought to have happened, of which science is a part. To replace the latter with the former is incorrect and, some would say, rather fanciful, as illustrated by the comments made by Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently in which he connected ancient mythology with contemporary science by claiming that present day inventions had already been materially invented in our ancient past.
Read: The two faces of Mr. Modi by Karan Thapar
Dream vs. reality
Science is based on information and accumulated knowledge. It requires that this information and knowledge be analysed methodically and logically. The reliability of the evidence, before it can be accepted as proof, has to be rigorously tested. This procedure obviously does not apply to imagination.
Inventions are not just momentary leaps of imagination. They have a long gestation period; they go through many different stages and iterations before they evolve into a viable end product like an aeroplane. For the mythical creations of the past, there is no recorded evidence of such a development. It is true that both science and its discoveries and technology draw on creative inputs from imagination and invention. However, they are not based solely on imagination or they would remain dreams and not become reality.
In the present climate this propaganda, which is now going official, would take us one step further than George Bush and those Americans who deny evolution and replace it by Intelligent Design, not altogether divorced from notions of divinity. Even the Pope, who is considered to be closer to God, has recently acknowledged evolution.
People are often naïve about their beliefs, since beliefs by their nature are generally not questioned. It is easy to exploit the susceptibilities of such people. Such pronouncements are likely to turn those who believe in them ultra-nationalistic, irrational, anti-Science and imprinted with a particular view of the past. This is one way of dismissing the validity of science — by stating that a scientific invention existed when there is no context for the scientific knowledge required for the invention. And mythology and religion mix easily. Everyone is concerned about the explosive mix of religion and politics. We are going further than Molotov, in making an explosive cocktail of ideas by adding mythology to science, religion and politics. This is not where we want to go.
(Vikram Soni is Professor, Centre for Theoretical Physics, Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi; Romila Thapar is Professor Emeritus in Ancient History, Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi.)

The dying Khejri trees of RajasthanUpdated: November 6, 2014 22:19 IST
The dying Khejri trees of Rajasthan
Aarti Dhar
— PHOTO: Rohit Jain Paras The Khejri tree supports rural economy like no other wild vegetation does.
TOPICS
By providing food & firewood, the State tree supports rural economy
Rajasthan’s State tree — Khejri — is dying a slow death, scientists and environmentalists have warned.
Khejri (Prosopis cineraria) covers about two-thirds of the total geographical area of the State and and is of immense significance culturally and economically. The tree supports rural economy like no other wild vegetation does.
The fruit of the tree is eaten as sangria, cooked as a delicious vegetable and mixed with the fruits of “Kair,” another dominant vegetation across the desert region. It is rich in proteins and dry sangria is sold at Rs. 300-400 a kg. The dead leaves of the tree are natural fertilizers. Other parts are fed to the cattle as it increases the milk yield.
A branch or two on the top of the tree is left uncut, which helps rejuvenate the tree within a few months.
The Desert Tree, as it is also known as, was the lifeline of the people in Western Rajasthan in the earlier times. It provided firewood and even acted as a cash crop.
The root cause of decline in the Khejri cover is its excessive lopping (cutting of branches), which all farm owners do annually to procure its fruit, pods, leaves, branches and twigs, says environmentalist Harsh Vardhan. Indiscriminate cutting of branches takes its toll on the tree and its decay gets expedited, Mr. Harsh Vardhan explains.
Scientists at Jodhpur-based Arid Forest Research Institute (AFRI) have assessed that Khejri mortality ranged from “18.08 per cent to 22.67 per cent with an average mortality of 20.93 per cent” in Jodhpur, Nagaur, Churu, Sikar, Jhunjhunu and Jalore districts.
“Many scientific explanations have been offered for the death of Khejri like declining water table and growth of parasite Gonoderma luciderm, but there is nothing conclusive so far,” says Dr. Mertia, an authority on desert vegetation.

Congress MLAs tweet against Gujaratis triggers controversyUpdated: November 7, 2014 00:52 IST
Congress MLA’s tweet against Gujaratis triggers controversy
Alok Deshpande
Tweet
Nitesh Rane
The Hindu Dancing to the tune: Gujarati folk dancers perform the traditional Dandiya Rass during the Navaratiri festival in Mumbai. File photo
The Maharashtra Congress MLA has said that he wants to begin Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Clean India’ campaign from Mumbai by cleaning the city of all the Gujaratis who hate Marathis
A tweet by a Congress MLA from Maharashtra expressing his wish to start Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s “Clean India” campaign by sweeping out Gujaratis out of the State has ignited controversy.
“Wanna [Want to] take part in Swachh Bharat Abhiyan n [and] start from [M]umbai!! Wanna start cleaning up all the Marathi-hating [Gujaratis] from there once for all,” Nitesh Rane tweeted on Thursday. Mr. Rane is the son of senior Congress leader and Maharashtra’s former Industries Minister, Narayan Rane.
“I am not against Gujaratis. My tweet was in reaction to a venomous campaign against Marathis and Maharashtra by certain Gujarati people,” he told The Hindu defending his tweet. Mr. Rane said it was his personal opinion and not his party’s.
“First, I am a Marathi and then belong to my party. I will not tolerate disrespect to my State. Those Gujaratis who hate Marathi people should not stay here,” he said.
In the past too, Mr. Rane had created controversy by tweeting that Gujaratis who praised Mr. Modi should leave Mumbai.
The Congress, however, was quick to disassociate itself from the comments. “The Congress disapproves such comments. I will speak to Nitesh, but this is not the party view,” Manikrao Thakre, Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee chief, told presspersons.
BJP spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said Mr. Rane and his comments were not worth responding to. The Shiv Sena called them appalling. “Such tweets show the nature of Congress leaders,” Sena spokesperson Neelam Gorhe said.
Wanna take part in Swacha Bharat abhiyan n start from mumbai!! Wanna start cleaning up all the Marathi hating gujjus from there once for all

India Inc lauds govt s economic revival planIndia Inc, corporates laud Narendra Modi govt's economic revival plan
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 7, 2014  | 09:12 IST
Mahindra and Mahindra Chairman Anand Mahindra speaks during the India Economic Summit 2014 at the World Economic Forum in New Delhi on Thursday.
Corporate czars, both from India and foreign nations, reposed faith in India story on the last day of the India Economic Summit in the national capital on Thursday. Praising the "effective leadership and new energy" of the Narendra Modi government and a "clear road map" for economic revival , industry captains said that people have sensed that the business environment is turning friendly.
"The government came across as having new energy. People sensed that there is a new agenda as well a business-friendly agenda," Mahindra & Mahindra Chairman Anand Mahindra said. Etihad Airways President and Chief Executive Officer James Hogan said, "There is effective leadership from the government and the commercial sector. I leave convinced that there is a very clear road map moving forward."
Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) Director General Chandrajit Banerjee said that though there are no big-bang reforms, "policymaking is moving forward and there have been several incremental steps across the spectrum with the objective of doing business easier".
The three-day summit, organised by Geneva-based World Economic Forum and CII, also discussed the 'performance and promises' of the new government, whose ministers on their part promised better days ahead for both corporates and the poor.
The business leaders also observed that there are many challenges ahead and the government's extensive agenda for action includes infrastructure , land, labour, trade facilitation, infrastructure-particularly the power sector-subsidies and the allocation of natural resources.
In the opening plenary, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had stressed the government's commitment to wide-ranging reforms .
Other ministers, including Power Minister Piyush Goyal , stressed the government's determination to unblock bottlenecks that impede India from returning to the higher growth level that the economy had achieved before the global crisis.

Govt to set up new regulator for ayurvedic medicinesGovt to set up new drug regulator for ayurvedic, traditional medicines
Aditya Kalra     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 7, 2014  | 09:09 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The country plans to set up a new quality control regulator for ayurvedic and traditional medicines as it seeks to increase sales of these therapies in the estimated $100 billion global market for alternative medicine , the government said on Thursday.
Under the new universal health plan, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government aims to offer 30 free traditional medicines to all its citizens, a senior health ministry official told Reuters last week.
On Thursday, the government said it would provide financial support to traditional drugs manufacturers to help them enhance quality and meet global standards.
Ayurveda is an ancient home-grown health system that includes medicines, meditation, exercise and dietary guidelines practised by millions on the Indian subcontinent and increasingly in the West.
But Health Minister Harsh Vardhan said the country's share in the global market for such medicines remained "negligible" compared to countries like China, and quality standards failed to meet international specifications.
"The government has decided to address this lacuna," Vardhan said in a statement.
"It is a pity that China has captured such a huge share of the world market whereas India's presence is non-existent," he added.
Ayurvedic and other traditional therapies are popular in the country's rural areas, which still have poor access to modern health facilities. Homeopathic medicines also find wide acceptance.
Other products such as creams and oils containing ayurvedic herbs are manufactured by domestic companies such as Dabur and Emami. The domestic market for such products registered a 13 per cent growth in 2013, according to Euromonitor International.
(Reuters)

Navy SEAL whose shots killed Osama bin Laden goes publicThe retired U WS Navy commando who says he shot Osama bin Laden in the forehead has publicly identified himself.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 7, 2014 4:14 am
The retired U WS Navy commando who says he shot Osama bin Laden in the forehead has publicly identified himself amid debate over whether special operators should be recounting their secret missions.
The former SEAL, 38-year-old Robert O’Neill, tells The Washington Post that he fired the shots that killed bin Laden. He first recounted the story in February 2013 to Esquire magazine, which identified him only as “the shooter.”
One current and one former SEAL, as the commandos are called, confirm to The Associated Press that O’Neill was long known to have fired the fatal shots at the al-Qaida leader.
O’Neill tells the Post that shots also were fired by two other SEAL team members, including Matt Bissonnette, who describes the raid somewhat differently in the book “No Easy Day.”

US House leader warns Obama: Don t go solo on immigrationJohn Boehner cautioned US President Barack Obama not to act unilaterally to change the immigration system.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 7, 2014 2:13 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 2:17 am
The leader of the House of Representatives on Thursday sketched out an agenda for the new Republican-led Congress, promising approval of an oil pipeline from Canada and changes in President Barack Obama’s health care law while issuing a warning on immigration.
In his first postelection news conference, John Boehner cautioned Obama not to act unilaterally to change the immigration system, saying it would poison the well in terms of trying to pass legislation over the next two years on the issue.
Obama reiterated Wednesday his vow to act unilaterally before year’s end to reduce the number of deportations and grant work permits to millions of immigrants illegally in the United States, prompting a stinging rebuke from Boehner.
“When you play with matches, you run the risk of burning yourself, and he’s going to burn himself if he continues to go down this path,” Boehner told reporters.
The Republicans’ resounding victory in Tuesday’s midterm elections – the party regained control of the Senate and expanded their majority in the House – gives them an opportunity to push legislation that’s been bottled up in the Democratic Senate.
Boehner, working in tandem with Senator Mitch McConnell, the next majority leader, said Congress would act on some 40 jobs bills that have bipartisan support as well as on approving the Keystone XL pipeline. Boehner said that finding common ground with the administration will be hard work, but it will be even harder if Obama is unwilling to work with Republicans.
He highlighted Obama’s comments Wednesday at the president’s White House news conference and said they were not helpful.
Bipartisan, comprehensive immigration legislation that the Senate passed in June 2013 remains stalled in the House.
“What I’m not going to do is just wait,” Obama said Wednesday as he spoke of taking executive action.
Obama, with just two years left to shape his presidential legacy, did say he saw openings for cooperation.
Republicans, for their part, have said that they have to show they can govern in the next two years.
“We now have the votes and we have the ability to call the agenda, so stop name-calling and let’s actually produce some legislation that helps jobs and the economy and moves our country forward,” Republican Republican Jason Chaffetz said in an interview. “I think the country has figured that out and they’ve given us the mandate to do it and we better produce, or they’ll kick us out too.”
House Republicans are counting on McConnell to move ahead on the dozens of jobs bills that the House has passed but remain stalled in the Senate. They also are counting on a swift vote early next year on building the Keystone pipeline to carry crude oil from Canada to refineries along the US Gulf Coast now that Republicans clearly have the numbers in the Senate.

Childrens Day in ChattergamWith the slaying of two boys, the limit of insecurity in Kashmir has been reached. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Written by Gopalkrishna Gandhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 12:41 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 3:04 pm
The nation has not quite “absorbed” the Nobel Peace Prize to an Indian for his work on children’s rights.
Children across the country have only just taken solemn pledges for national unity, as have grown-ups. They have stood, they have run, they have written, they have spoken, they have sung for unity in the name of Sardar Patel.
In about a week, the nation will celebrate Children’s Day, Bal Divas, extra special this year because it is the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru. He loved children, all children. And the crackle of army bullets kills two schoolboys in Chattergam near Srinagar at this precise moment. It is Muharram time, it has to be a season of mourning.
We will never fully know what happened to those two boys, Faisal and Mehrajuddin, out on a Muharram-related errand, driving at some frenzied speed to escape the wrath of the owner of a vehicle they had scraped. But it will never be forgotten by the people of that Valley of Tears. An inquiry has been ordered. The guilty, we are assured, will be punished. But who are “the guilty”? The army, which has been told, tutored, trained to act with alacrity? The state government, which is now “lame duck”? The “Centre”, which, regardless of who is in power, remains unmoving and unmoved by what is happening there? Guilt is a fugitive in Kashmir, justice, a nomad.
But there is such a thing as the limit. And with the slaying of these two boys, the limit of insecurity in Kashmir has been reached. It has been crossed.
I cannot claim to speak for Sardar Patel’s legacy. That has suddenly discovered many owners. But this I can say from “general knowledge”. Had this happened under his watch, he would have put “the guilty” through the shredder. No official statements, certainly not long ones; no media one-liners either. There would have been action, rapid action, what is called ad interim action, with inquiries to follow. And that action would have included a personal reaching out to the two stricken families.
Sardar Patel, as home minister, had a grandson the age of these two boys. He would have known and felt in the pulse of his being what has happened to those families and to families in mourning with them in Kashmir.
I cannot claim to speak for Jawaharlal Nehru’s legacy either. That has had many patent-holders, though some of them would rather have that fact brushed under the carpet right now. But this I can say from “general knowledge”: Pandit Nehru would have flown into a rage, a righteous rage, using all of his Hindustani, his Hindi, his English, and sent his daughter to meet the stricken families ahead of doing continued…

A cut in time saves nineThere are also the recent converts to a rate cut — the Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) to the RBI voted 4-3 to cut rates at its September meeting.
Written by Surjit S Bhalla | Posted: November 7, 2014 12:55 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 12:56 am
The camp is clearly divided — the “bad” industrialists, the ones who always say that the Union budget deserves 8+ /10, are saying the time has come for the RBI to relax its ultra-tight monetary policy, prevailing for most of the last few years, and especially since September 2013, when Raghuram Rajan assumed control. There are also the recent converts to a rate cut — the Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) to the RBI voted 4-3 to cut rates at its September meeting.
In the other corner are the “good” guys, comprising, besides Rajan and his deputy Urjit Patel, the prestigious IMF economists and the policy economists at the major investment houses (both domestic and international) and rating agencies like Crisil. Their view is that the clamour for a rate cut now is bordering on nonsense. This is what one representative of this distinguished club (Crisil) stated on November 2: “The chorus on an interest rate cut to revive the economy has got louder with the recent climbdown in inflation. To be sure, the monetary policy tool of cutting the interest rate is conventionally used to energise a flagging economy… But this does not hold true under all circumstances. Our study shows that factors behind the recent slowdown in economic growth and investment in India have little to do with high interest rates… leaning on monetary policy to revive investments will yield little benefit. And, it carries the risk of reversing the recent gains in inflation, which, in any case, is nothing much to write home about” (emphasis added).
In a November 4 editorial, the newspaper Mint confidently stated that declining CPI inflation was due to a tight monetary policy and equally confidently forecast the future path of inflation: “[The RBI should] stay on course for at least a couple of more quarters, rather than act in a hurry… tightening of policy since Rajan took charge is one important reason why inflation has begun to decline in India… It is not yet clear whether the recent sharp decline in inflation is sustainable or a temporary base effect… Yet, this base effect is expected to wear off in the first three months of 2015… It is only after April that we can get a clear picture about inflation.”
So who is right and, therefore, what should the RBI do? It should go by the evidence — and the evidence is that, from the demand (output) side, the economy is hurting, and hurting bad. In normal circumstances, this large negative gap alone would justify a series of large rate cuts.
But India, at least until recently, was not a normal economy, especially with low growth and high inflation. This strange combination should have given continued…

The trash talk gambitThe image of Anand confabulating with trenchcoated KGB agents over a plate of thayir sadam is certainly evocative.
Written by Jaideep Unudurti | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:07 am
 
Viswanathan Anand and Magnus Carlsen are all set to clash for the World Chess Championship starting Saturday. The return match, held in the Russian resort town of Sochi, will see Anand aiming to wrest back the crown he lost last year in Chennai. Just days earlier, legend Garry Kasparov had hinted darkly that Anand may be in cahoots with Russian intelligence to “destabilise” his protégé, Carlsen. In an interview, he said that the democracy-hating Russkies might nobble the incumbent champion.
The image of Anand confabulating with trenchcoated KGB agents over a plate of thayir sadam is certainly evocative. While it may have sent ripples amongst the more credulous Twitteratti, long-time watchers of the scene know that this is standard operating procedure. Boxing has its storied tradition of “weigh-ins”, where the contestants and their supporters trash talk, if not brawl. Chess championships too have their equivalent, when the two gladiators and their representatives in the run-up to the match fire verbal salvoes at each other.
Kasparov was Carlsen’s coach and still considers himself a mentor to the Norwegian. His statements are part of the put-downs, faint praise and veiled threats that fans have come to accept.
Why is all this so important? Chess is a game of perfect information. You see all your opponent’s pieces on the board, and so does she. The mindgames are an attempt to inject what strategist Clausewitz called the “fog of war”. Each of the duellists wants to insert an element of uncertainty in the enemy’s mind that can paralyse decision-making.
“Lies and hypocrisy do not survive for long on the chessboard. The creative combination lays bare the presumption of a lie, while the merciless fact, culminating in a checkmate, contradicts the hypocrite,” said the great Emanuel Lasker. He was world champ for 27 years and certainly knew what he was talking about. Grandmasters crave this certainty, this attempt to impose order
in a chaotic world, by reducing it to 64 squares. Shake this certainty, and you might just have that extra ammo in a gun battle.
Carlsen is a master at this agenda-setting, this brinkmanship as popularised by Henry Kissinger. Prior to the match in Chennai, he demanded that there should be a sickness clause, which would enable him to take a two-day break whenever he wanted
in the middle of the match. Why? Because of the possibility that his Norwegian constitution may collapse due to eating spicy Indian food. As Anand was an Indian and presumably used to the fare, this clause would expressly not be allowed for him.
Again, in the run-up to Sochi, he refused to sign the contract, agreeing to do only at the last minute after the global chess federation called his bluff and threatened to replace him. Carlsen showed his shrewd understanding of what makes a chess player tick. Grandmasters are used to strict objective rules governing the play. continued…

India may be a hair s breadth away from China by 2016: OECDAngel Gurr
(Revising its forecast downwards,…)
NEW DELHI: In yet another endorsement of the new government's policies aimed at reviving the economy, the OECD has bumped up India's growth forecast for next year citing a pickup in investment because of the improved political situation that stems from the Narendra Modi-led BJP having come to power with a substantial majority that will enable it to undertake reforms.
The country could be within striking distance of China by 2016 in terms of the pace of growth, with that country forecast to slow in the years ahead, according to the OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development). But that doesn't mean the central bank can relent in the fight against inflation, it said. This runs counter to the demand for interest rate cuts from companies and some government quarters. OECD expects the Indian economy to expand 6.4% next year compared with 5.9% estimated less than two months back in its September '14 interim outlook.
OECD outlook projects inflation to head lower
"GDP will slow in China, but pick up in India and remain sluggish in Brazil and Russia," the Paris-based grouping said in the OECD Economic Outlook released on Thursday that lowered growth targets for the global economy.
Since taking charge, the Modi government has unveiled several policy changes such as deregulating diesel prices, linking gas prices to global benchmarks, amendments to labour policies, steps to end the 'inspector raj' and cutting red tape for businesses. It's expected to unveil further reform measures in the months ahead. Stock markets have boomed, with the key indices rising to records on Wednesday. Thursday was a market holiday.
"Improved business sentiment resulting from reduced political uncertainty, deregulation, and the government commitment to cut red tape should boost growth," OECD said, releasing the forecast ahead of the November15-16 G-20 summit in Brisbane that PM Modi will attend. A detailed forecast will be released on November 25.
"Investment will be the main growth engine, after several quarters of subdued growth," it said, adding that the pace of reforms has picked up in India. Growth is projected to rise to 6.6% in 2016 while China will slow to 6.9% by that year. However, for the current year, India's growth forecast has been cut to 5.4% from 5.7% estimated initially. These numbers are not strictly comparable with India's national headline statistics that are compiled on basis of factor cost and follow a April-March fiscal.
"In India, pickup in growth after the sharp slowdown in 2012-13 will continue despite the tight monetary and fiscal stance," the OECD statement said. The outlook also projects inflation to head lower, but it hasn't backed India Inc's demand for lower interest rates. "The output gap is projected to remain negative, and inflation is expected to continue to drift down as inflations expectations anchor lower," OECD said. "In India, still-high inflation expectations call for a continuation of tight monetary policy stance," it said separately in its policy prescription.
OECD also called for subsidy reforms. "India needs to continue fiscal consolidation, but should also improve its quality, rebalancing expenditures away from subsidies and toward public investment," it said. The organisation projects the global economy will expand 3.3% in 2014 and recover gradually to 3.7% in 2015 and 3.9% in 2016. "We have yet to achieve a broad-based, sustained global expansion, as investment, credit and international trade remain hesitant," OECD secretarygeneral Angel Gurria said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wooing the NRI depositorUpdated: November 7, 2014 09:06 IST
Wooing the NRI depositor
Economy Watch (column)
Inflows into deposit schemes for Non-resident Indians (NRIs) are shrinking. They peaked at $38,406 million in financial year 2013-14, with monthly average inflows of $3,200 million in that year (Chart 1). As compared to that, inflows during April to August 2014 or the first four months of the current financial year stood at just $7,168 million or a monthly average of $1,792 million.
Since 2006 three kinds of NRI deposits have been permitted by the RBI. The simplest of them is the Non-Resident Ordinary (NRO) deposit account, which is similar to domestic deposits and available to eligible non-residents to receive rupee receipts from legitimate local transactions. But from a balance of payments point of view, the two sets of deposit accounts of relevance are the Non-Resident External Rupee (NRER) Account and the Foreign Currency Non-resident (Banks) Account [FCNR(B)]. Capital from both these types of accounts are repatriable, but the principal difference between the two is that the former is designated in rupees and the latter in dollars. As a result the foreign exchange risk on NRER accounts are carried by the NRI depositor who has on maturity to convert rupee capital to dollars, but that in the FCNR account is carried by the bank which has to settle the deposit in dollars at maturity.
As Chart 1 indicates inflows into NRI deposits have spiked post-2011. Over the period 2000-2011, the maximum inflow into NRI deposits in any financial year was $4,321 million in 2006-07. However, inflows into NRI deposits rose to $11,920 million in 2011-12, or by 3.6 times relative to the previous year. It then rose further to $14,486 million in 2012-13 and a huge $38,406 in 2013-14. It is relative to that high figure that we are witnessing a decline this financial year.
There have also been some recent changes in the composition of inflows. Between end-March 2006 and end-March 2013 (see Chart 2), the volume of deposits in FCNR accounts had been relatively stable in the $13 billion to $15.5 billion range. On the other, hand that in NRER accounts had risen from $22 billion to $26.4 billion between end-March 2006 to end-March 2011, and then to $31.4 billion in 2012 and $45.9 billion in 2013. The year 2013-14 was the most remarkable. Deposits in NRER accounts continued to rise from $45.9 billion at the end of March 2013 to $52.9 billion at the end of March 2014. In addition, in that year, FCNR(B) deposits registered a huge increase from $15.2 billion to a huge $41.8 billion.
Two questions arise. Why were NRI deposits (driven by NRER accounts) buoyant after 2011? And, why did deposits in FCNR accounts spike dramatically in 2013-14, despite the fact that banks which have to carry the currency risk would not be too eager to canvas deposits in such accounts? The answer to both these questions is the same: central bank policy, even if different ones. Since 1997 the RBI has allowed banks to set the interest rate they offer on NRI deposits of different maturities. However, since 2003 these rates were subject to a ceiling linked to the London Inter-bank Offer Rate (LIBOR) and the prevailing rate for rupee to dollar swaps. Initially the ceiling was set at 250 basis points above the LIBOR/Swap rate, but was brought down and equated to the LIBOR/Swap rate in April 2007.
A ceiling on the interest payable on these deposits is required to prevent deposits motivated by returns from arbitrage, or profits to be made from excessive interest rate differentials between borrowing abroad and in India. If interest rates in India are much higher than abroad, speculators would borrow abroad to make large investments that would be volatile given likely changes in interest rate differentials.
The understanding implicit in the benchmark used is partly that the LIBOR provides an indicator of the interest rate Non-resident Indians could get from investing in deposits abroad. They are unlikely to come to India if they do not get at least that much. In addition, as noted earlier, when dollars are invested in India in deposits of different maturities either the bank or the depositor carries the exchange rate risk. The swap rate measures the premium that must be paid to hedge against such risk. So this rate is added on to the LIBOR to arrive at a rate that would cover the return that must be offered to make deposits in India attractive, which determines the benchmark adopted by the Reserve Bank of India to set a ceiling on interest rates.
The policy issue that the RBI has addressed differently at different points in time is whether the benchmark ceiling should be set so as to equate the estimated maximum, effective interest rate payable in India with those received abroad, or whether it should be kept above or below that level to either incentivise or discourage inflows into NRI deposits. That decision does effect the volume of inflows. Thus, It was the decision to continuously raise the ceiling on the interest rate payable on NRI deposits that explains the more recent changes in inflows into such deposits. In 2008 the government decided to change its policy of setting the ceiling on interest rates paid on NRI deposits equal to the LIBOR/Swap rate. Clearly the intention was to incentivise NRI deposits. In September and October 2008, through directives issued in quick succession, the RBI hiked the ceiling rates. The rate on fresh Non-Resident (External) Rupee (NRE) Term Deposits for one to three years maturity was set at LIBOR / SWAP rates plus 50 basis points effective from the close of business on September 16, 2008 and then raised to LIBOR / SWAP rates plus 100 basis points at the end of September. The ceiling on interest rate on FCNR (B) deposits of all maturities contracted effective October 15, 2008 was set at LIBOR / SWAP rates plus 25 basis points for the respective currency / corresponding maturities as against LIBOR / SWAP rates minus 25 basis points earlier. The two rates were further raised to LIBOR/SWAP rates plus 175 basis points and LIBOR / SWAP rates plus 100 basis points, respectively, a month later on 15 November 2008.
This was immediately after the crisis when India was experiencing an exodus of foreign portfolio investment, which explained the decision. So the policy being adopted was one of incentivizing NRI depositors so as to try and mobilize debt as a counter to the loss of portfolio investment. The strength of these incentives was probably also influenced by the fact that flows into NRI deposits in 2007-08 were at a low of just $179 million. Soon, however, as a result of the huge infusion of liquidity into international markets by the Federal Reserve and other central banks, portfolio flows to India (and many other emerging markets) recovered smartly to $32.4 billion in 2009-10. This should have led to a reduction in the special arbitrage rates being offered to foreign portfolio investors, even if the original decision was correct.
But that was not to happen. Rather, after some lag, the ceiling rates were hiked further in November 2011 to LIBOR/SWAP rates plus 275 basis points and LIBOR/SWAP rates plus 125 basis points for NRER and FCNR deposits respectively. It was this added incentive that tipped the barrel leading to the huge flow of deposits into India noted earlier. But as stated earlier, these flows were largely into NRER accounts in which the NRI depositor carried the exchange rate risk. A change occurred in mid-2013, when the Federal Reserve announced its decision to “taper” or exit from the policy of buying bonds to enhance liquidity. This resulted in a short-run outflow of portfolio capital from India and a depreciation of the rupee. In response, the RBI chose once again to rely on the NRI depositor to compensate for the “loss”. On 14 August, 2013 the ceiling interest rate on FCNR (B) deposits of 1-3 year maturity was raised to LIBOR / SWAP rates plus 300 basis points and that for maturity of 3-5 year was raised to 400 basis points above LIBOR / SWAP. Moreover, to ensure that banks would utilize this opportunity, increments to these deposits were exempted from reserve requirements (CRR and SLR) and NRER interest rates were completely freed.
On top of this, the RBI announced a special swap scheme valid for a three-month period (September to November 2013). Under the scheme the RBI promised to swap dollars received by banks in FCNR deposits against rupees for the period of the deposit at an interest rate of 3.5 per cent a year. This essentially meant that banks were paying a forward premium for the dollar of 3.5 per cent a year, which was much lower than the market SWAP rate that the determined the ceiling rate on the deposits. The RBI was in essence subsidizing the banks allowing them to mobilizing FCNR deposits at lower rates. Not surprisingly, the banks went all out to mobilize such deposits during the September-November 2013 period. Outstanding FCNR(B) deposits, which stood at $15.2 billion at the end of August 2013 rose dramatically to $40.4 billion by the end of December 2013.
These policy shifts explain the spike in outstanding NRI deposits in 2013-14, with much of the increase occurring during September to December 2013. The moment the special concession ended in December 2013, inflows into FCNR deposits began to fall, explaining the government’s current predicament.

Cabinet changes to balance NDANew Delhi, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 8, 2014 11:14 IST
Cabinet changes to balance NDA
Varghese K George
Tweet
Prime Minister Narendra Modi attends Guru Nanak Jayanti (gurpurab) celebration at Rashtrapathi Bhavan on Thursday. Mr. Modi will expand his council of ministers on Sunday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena.
PTI Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar's meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday fuelled speculation that he may be inducted as Defence Minister. File photo
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi wiith Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar. File photo
TOPICS
government
The exercise is expected to make the Cabinet more representative
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will expand his council of ministers on Sunday; an exercise that is expected to make the Cabinet more representative socially, streamline work distribution, and balance power equations — both within the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and with allies.
The swearing-in of new Ministers is scheduled to take place on Sunday afternoon, two days before Mr Modi will depart on a 10-day foreign tour.
Though there has been no official word, two clear signals on Thursday indicated that the reshuffle and expansion of the council was imminent.
The first hint came from Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parikkar, who told reporters in Panaji: “Party president Amit Shah spoke to me in the morning and asked me to accept any assignment that would be given by the Prime Minister.” Mr Parikkar, who is tipped to be the new defence minister, met Mr Modi and Mr Shah on Wednesday.
In the second indication, during an interaction at the World Economic Forum's India summit, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu said: “You will know the details about the Cabinet expansion in a couple of days.” Earlier, Mr Naidu had walked off the stage to take a phone call, apparently from Mr Modi. Mr Naidu’s TDP, an ally of the BJP, is expected to get an extra slot in the Cabinet.
There are currently 44 ministers, 22 of them with cabinet rank. Several of them have multiple ministries such as Mr Arun Jaitley who holds both finance and defence portfolios. Some Ministers are likely to be dropped and some Ministers of State are expected to be elevated to cabinet rank in the exercise, BJP sources told The Hindu.

Get your cowboy hats ready  Disney has confirmed Toy Story 4Get your cowboy hats ready, Disney has confirmed Toy Story 4
Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 07, 2014
First Published: 08:46 IST(7/11/2014) | Last Updated: 09:21 IST(7/11/2014)
Comments
If you thought Toy Story 3 was the last of the series that you will ever see, you were wrong! You are yet to see Woody, Buzz and the whole gang for atleast one more installment.
Disney has confirmed that the fourth part is indeed in the pipeline and will hit the big screen in June 2017.
Walt Disney CEO Bob Iger announced during a quarterly earnings call for investors on Thursday that John Lasseter, creator of Toy Story (1995), will indeed return for Toy Story 4.
Iger further said "John created Toy Story and directed the first two films, and it’s great to have him back directing one of our most valuable properties," reported Entertainment Weekly.
comment Note: By posting your comments here you agree to the terms and conditions of www.hindustantimes.com

Microsoft surpasses $400B in market valueMicrosoft blasts past $400B barrier
By: Matt Krantz November 6, 2014 6:29 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Technology giant Microsoft (MSFT) Thursday surpassed $400 billion in market value, marking its return to the top tier of the most valuable companies in the world.
Powered by news the company is making its popular Office suite of products more widely available on mobile devices, shares of Microsoft Thursday rose 84 cents, or 2%, to  $48.70. At a market value of $401.4 billion, Microsoft is just one of three companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 worth $400 billion or more.
Microsoft aggressive moves with mobile and cloud computing reasserts the company’s role in the new technology world. Shares are up 30% this year.
Microsoft has further distanced itself from Google (GOOGL) in the S & P 500. Microsoft’s value is just behind energy giant Exxon Mobil (XOM) at $407.6 billion. Apple (AAPL) remains firmly in the No. 1 position with a market value of $640 billion, and Google is No. 4 at $373 billion.
Shares of Microsoft have shot higher as the company’s new CEO Satya Nadella has shown the company can extend is software chops into faster-growing mobile and Internet business. Microsoft continues to be the company to beat in the critical business of providing cloud-based services to companies.
Microsoft is working hard to boost adoption of its own mobile platforms, but it’s a leader in cross-platform tools that work on not just its own devices, but those other rivals. Apple on the other hand designs software to lock consumers and businesses into its own “ecosystem” to make sure it continues to sell hardware. There’s a growing reality consumers and business will use devices made by a variety of vendors, and Microsoft is ensuring that its software and Web tools will work across of all them.
Investors seem to agree that strategy has great value.
MOST VALUABLE COMPANIES IN THE S&P 500
Company, market value ($ billions)

http://usat.ly/13PgmlpFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Oops. Starbucks brings back Eggnog Latte
Starbucks has eggnog on its face.     The coffee kingpin will bring back its seasonal Eggnog Latte to stores nationwide later this month following a customer revolt that spread from letters to phone calls to
Post to Facebook
Oops. Starbucks brings back Eggnog Latte Starbucks has eggnog on its face.     The coffee kingpin will bring back its seasonal Eggnog Latte to stores nationwide later this month following a customer revolt that spread from letters to phone calls to Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qqeKmQ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
45
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Oops. Starbucks brings back Eggnog Latte
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 6:58 p.m. EST November 5, 2014
Starbucks' Eggnog Latte.
16264 CONNECT 490 TWEET 68 LINKEDIN 45 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Starbucks has eggnog on its face.
The coffee kingpin will bring back its seasonal Eggnog Latte nationwide this month after a customer revolt spread from letters to phone calls to social media.  It had dropped the beverage, a seasonal offering since 1986,  to try to simplify its expanding menu. "We made a mistake," says spokeswoman Linda Mills. "We are very sorry."
How sorry?
Well, they're not handing out free Eggnog Lattes.  But Starbucks hopes to have the drink back in all stores by the week of Nov. 17, says Mills.  Because it has always been so popular in the Pacific Northwest, it was re-introduced there Nov. 1. The problem, she says, is quickly getting enough eggnog from suppliers.
The move to very rapidly respond to consumer complaints isn't unusual.  Last spring, after the company began selling its lemon cake and pumpkin bread in miniature loaves instead of slices, it got complaints and quickly changed back to the slices.
For retailers in the social media era, instantly responding to consumer gripes is critical. Quick action is especially critical for Starbucks in the holiday season, by far its most profitable period.
Starbucks started hearing eggnog complaints Nov.1 when it began its holiday push at U.S. stores by switching to red cups from its usual. The consumer blowback began with complaints to baristas who had to explain that the beverage had been discontinued, says Mills. It evolved into complaints to its customer call center, e-mails, letters and social media posts on Facebook, Twitter and to its MyStarbucksIdea.com  site.
Starbucks to roll out 'pay ahead' in 2015
Shannon McMullen tweeted:  "Seriously heartbroken this A.M. Just found out Starbucks is not bringing back the eggnog latte. It was the only thing keeping me going."
Starbucks has learned its lesson, says Mills.  Many consumers have a very emotional connection to the holidays, "and Starbucks is a part of that tradition."
Meanwhile, the chain also is bringing back the  Gingerbread Latte to the Pacific Northwest region — though it still was served in the rest of the country. And next week it will roll out nationally a new Chestnut Praline Latte.
Tattoos, nose studs OK for Starbucks baristas
But it's ol' fashioned eggnog, not newfangled Chestnut Praline, that's stealing the buzz.
One corporate branding expert says that Starbucks knows what many companies still need to learn. "All companies need to become more nimble to respond to this kind of feedback," says Tracey Riese, author of Making Brands Work. "Customers can use social media to tell you more about what they want.  It's a new way of test marketing."
16264 CONNECT 490 TWEET 68 LINKEDIN 45 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qqeKmQ
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/1xFPmhrFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Tech jobs: Minorities have degrees, but don't get hired
A common refrain from tech companies about their woeful staff diversity figures is that there simply aren't enough African American and Hispanic programmers to fill the demand. The numbers don't support them.
Post to Facebook
Tech jobs: Minorities have degrees, but don't get hired A common refrain from tech companies about their woeful staff diversity figures is that there simply aren't enough African American and Hispanic programmers to fill the demand. The numbers don't support them. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xFPmhr
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
453
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Tech jobs: Minorities have degrees, but don't get hired
Elizabeth Weise and Jessica Guynn, USA TODAY 11:42 a.m. EDT October 13, 2014
Tech companies are under growing pressure to diversify their workforces, which are predominantly white, Asian and male.
(Photo: Getty Images/Creatas RF)
9464 CONNECT 2289 TWEET 1492 LINKEDIN 453 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO – Top universities turn out black and Hispanic computer science and computer engineering graduates at twice the rate that leading technology companies hire them, a USA TODAY analysis shows.
Technology companies blame the pool of job applicants for the severe shortage of blacks and Hispanics in Silicon Valley.
But these findings show that claim "does not hold water," said Darrick Hamilton, professor of economics and urban policy at The New School in New York.
"What do dominant groups say? 'We tried, we searched but there was nobody qualified.' If you look at the empirical evidence, that is just not the case," he said.
As technology becomes a major engine of economic growth in the U.S. economy, tech companies are under growing pressure to diversify their workforces, which are predominantly white, Asian and male. Leaving African Americans and Hispanics out of that growth increases the divide between haves and have-nots. And the technology industry risks losing touch with the diverse nation — and world — that forms its customer base.
Lack of diversity could undercut Silicon Valley
On average, just 2% of technology workers at seven Silicon Valley companies that have released staffing numbers are black; 3% are Hispanic.
But last year, 4.5% of all new recipients of bachelor's degrees in computer science or computer engineering from  prestigious research universities were African American, and 6.5% were Hispanic, according to data from the Computing Research Association.
The USA TODAY analysis was based on the association's annual Taulbee Survey, which includes 179 U.S. and Canadian universities that offer doctorates in computer science and computer engineering.
"They're reporting 2% and 3%, and we're looking at graduation numbers (for African Americans and Hispanics) that are maybe twice that," said Stuart Zweben, professor of computer science and engineering at The Ohio State University in Columbus.
"Why are they not getting more of a share of at least the doctoral-granting institutions?" said Zweben, who co-authored the 2013 Taulbee Survey report.
High-tech pay gap: Minorities earn less in skilled jobs
An even larger gulf emerges between Silicon Valley and graduates of all U.S. colleges and universities. A survey by the National Center for Education Statistics showed that blacks and Hispanics each made up about 9% of all 2012 computer science graduates.
Nationally, blacks make up 12% of the U.S. workforce and Hispanics 16%.
Facebook, Twitter, Google, Apple and Yahoo declined to comment on the disparity between graduation rates and their hiring rates.
LinkedIn issued a statement that it was working with organizations to "address the need for greater diversity to help LinkedIn and the tech industry as a whole."
Google said on its diversity blog in May that it has "been working with historically black colleges and universities to elevate coursework and attendance in computer science."
Tech: Where the women and minorities aren't
In his blog post on diversity, Apple's CEO Tim Cook cited improving education as "one of the best ways in which Apple can have a meaningful impact on society. We recently pledged $100 million to President Obama's ConnectED initiative to bring cutting-edge technologies to economically disadvantaged schools."
All of the companies have insisted they are hiring all of the qualified black and Hispanic tech workers they can find.
In an interview earlier this year, Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg said the key to getting more women and minorities into the technology field had to start with improvements to education.
Tech companies lag in hiring minorities
Only half of black and Hispanic graduates with computer science degrees from leading universities are being hired by major technology companies. Percentages of minority staff at seven major companies and minorities graduating with CS degrees from major universities*:
Sponsored by

http://usat.ly/1u4LhDN'Frozen,' theme parks, ESPN ads drive Disney profits
Frozen and ESPN ads drive Disney earnings higher as nearly all units report rising revenues
Post to Facebook
'Frozen,' theme parks, ESPN ads drive Disney profits Frozen and ESPN ads drive Disney earnings higher as nearly all units report rising revenues Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u4LhDN
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
'Frozen,' theme parks, ESPN ads drive Disney profits
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 9:01 p.m. EST November 6, 2014
This Oct. 1, 2014 photo shows Disney's Frozen Castle & Ice Palace Playset at the TTPM Holiday Showcase, in New York. Toy sellers aim to perk up sales that were flat last year, though they hope to get a boost this year from toys related to ìFrozenî and the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, which could sell out quickly. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) ORG XMIT: NYBZ105
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
31 CONNECT 40 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Frozen was released nearly a year ago, but the Walt Disney Co. continues to benefit from the blockbuster hit.
The Burbank, Calif.-based media giant said Thursday its fiscal fourth-quarter net income rose 8% from a year ago to $1.5 billion as nearly all major business lines, including TV, film and theme parks, reported higher revenues.
Adjusted earnings per share totaled 89 cents, higher than last year and beating analysts' estimate of 87 cents.
Revenue rose 7% to $12.4 billion.
Shares fell 2.3% in after-hours trading to $89.85.
The growth rate at its film unit was particularly notable, with revenues up 18% to $1.8 billion. Its film studio released new titles that performed favorably during the quarter — Guardians of the Galaxy and Maleficent — compared to the movies that flopped last year, including The Lone Ranger.
"The increase in worldwide home entertainment was due to higher unit sales, lower per unit costs and higher net effective price resulting from the success of Frozen," it said.
Revenues at the media networks unit, its largest business division that includes cable and TV network operations, rose 5% to $5.2 billion. But the unit continues to be hampered by rising programming and marketing costs.
The cable networks' operating income fell $10 million to $1.3 billion for the quarter as ESPN paid more to get the rights to Major League Baseball, NFL, college football and World Cup soccer, it said. But rising advertising sales and higher affiliate revenue — paid by cable and satellite companies to carry its channels — helped offset programming costs.
Operating income at its broadcasting business rose by $5 million to $163 million for the quarter as new contracts with pay-TV distributors generated higher fees. The income increase would have been greater if advertising sales at ABC hadn't declined, it said.
The parks and resorts unit, which runs Disney parks, saw its revenue rise 7% to $3.96 billion.
Revenues at the consumer products unit, including merchandised items, climbed 7% to $1.07 billion.
The interactive division, which includes gaming and other online properties, reported a 9% decline in revenue to $362 million.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u4LhDN
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

DoT rejects Trai proposal on spectrum base priceDoT rejects Trai proposal on spectrum base price
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 7, 2014  | 10:04 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A panel constituted by the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) has rejected recommendations of Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) regarding spectrum base price and availability of airwaves the February 201auctions.
The panel , formed to study the recommendations, has suggested applying the same method used in the February 2014 auctions for determining valuation and reserve price of 1,800 MHz-widely known as 2G-and 900 MHz spectrum band for the next auctions, according to news agency PTI.
The committee is of the view that the same approach for arriving at reserve price for auction of spectrum during February 2014 may be incorporated in the methodology for arriving at reserve price of 1,800 MHz, a source said.
Trai had suggested about 10-per cent higher base price than what was received in the February auctions. However, the committee found that using Trai method will lead to about 3-20-per cent higher base price across some circles compared to the rates suggested by the regulator.
The government is estimated to garner, at least, Rs 9,355 crore from the next auctions .
Most of the spectrum proposed to be put up for sale are being used by Bharti Airtel , Vodafone India, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications. These companies will need to buy back airwaves to continue their operations in areas where their licences will expire in 2015-16.
The committee has also turned down Trai's recommendation to take back 900 MHz from state-run BSNL saying that DoT has no jurisdiction to take back spectrum from the public sector firm under licence condition and suggested the regulator should review its suggestion. The DoT committee has also suggested CDMA spectrum cannot be taken back from MTNL and BSNL.
The regulator had suggested that 60 MHz of paired spectrum in 2,100 MHz band should be put up for sale in proposed auction. A part of this band is held by defence forces.

Filmy Friday: Can  Rang Rasiya  and  The Shaukeens  derail  Happy New Year It's all about the glamour and fun v/s history and intrigue on the weekend.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 8:00 am
There are two noteworthy Bollywood movies releasing this Friday – ‘The Shaukeens’ starring Lisa Haydon, Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor and Piyush Mishra and ‘Rang Rasiya’ starring Randeep Hooda and Nandana Sen. ‘The Shaukeens’ also has Akshay Kumar in a special appearance reprising himself.
Between the two, ‘The Shaukeens’ has been promoted well be it TV or the on-site promotions. The movie is the remake of the 1982 cult-classic comedy entertainer ‘Shaukeen’, written and directed by Basu Chatterjee. The movie had Ashok Kumar, Utpal Dutt, AK Hangal, Rati Agnihotri and Mithun Chakraborty playing the lead roles. It was well appreciated by the audiences and critics alike. Lisa Haydon reprises Rati Agnihotri’s act in this one and is being accepted well. Her character is besotted with Akshay Kumar in the movie. The trio – Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor and Piyush Mishra – seems to be fun as far as the trailers of the movie go.
The initial reviews have started pouring in and the movie promises to be a fun watch.
A total contrast to this comic entertainer is ‘Rang Rasiya’, the biopic based on a novel of the infamous, avant-garde 19th century painter Raja Ravi Verma. Infamous because his creations were associated with his physical affection in a time of puritan values and he gave faces to the Gods he painted quite scandalously. Talented actor Randeep Hooda plays the painter, while Nandana Sen plays his muse. The promotions of the movie had picked up in the last 10-15 days, where the actors also talked about the nudity in the movie.
The movie has been waiting its release for six years now but that’s not going to affect its performance at the box office as the movie is a period film. It’s initial reviews have immensely praised Randeep Hooda’s acting in the movie. The movie can be expected to earn good critical reviews and a better word of mouth.
We guess, it’s all about the glamour and fun v/s history and intrigue on the weekend. It remains to be seen, however, whether these movies are able to steer clear off the dragon by the name of ‘Happy New Year’ and make their mark on the ticket counters.

http://usat.ly/1u1q0uNAFP/Getty
Q: Is Tesla overvalued or not?
A: Investors have been trying — and failing — to put the right price tag on shares of Tesla (TSLA) . The electric car company is a classic example of a stock where valuation is in the eye of the beholder.
Classic valuation isn’t flattering for Tesla’s. The company loses money so it’s impossible to calculate a price-to-earnings ratio on it. Investors see a stock trading for nearly 32 times its tangible book value, which is very lofty. Telsa’s price-to-book is roughly three times higher than Facebook’s. Tesla shares closed Wednesday down $7.96, or 3.3%, to $230.97.
Analysts remain bullish on the stock, rating it an outperform and awarding it an average 18-month price target of $272.76. If analysts are right, that means this stock has 18% upside. But remember part of that price target is based on the expectations for future earnings, and Tesla just lowered that to between 30 and 35 cents a share on an adjusted basis for the fourth quarter. Analysts were looking for a much higher adjusted profit of 75 cents a share instead. Such high hopes don’t match reality, according to stock rating service New Constructs , which rates Tesla shares “dangerous.” Future cash flows fall short to justify the stock’s lofty price, New Constructs says. But this stock has a life of its own.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Govt set to ink global trade deal with US  EU: MediaGovt set to sign global trade deal with US, EU, say media reports
Shivam Srivastava     Bangalore   Last Updated: November 7, 2014  | 10:19 IST
On Wednesday, the government defied the world in a row over food stockpiling that had crippled attempts to reach a global trade agreement. (Photo: Reuters)
A global trade deal between the government, the United States and the European Union is close to being signed, with the country agreeing to sign the stalled international treaty on easier customs rules, the Times of India reported.
The government will sign the treaty only after an agreement on the contentious food security issue is reached at the World Trade Organization (WTO), and in return the United States and European Union will accept the country's demand for providing flexibility to developing countries in fixing minimum support price for farm products, the newspaper reported, citing a source.
Representatives at the Commerce and Industry Ministry, the US Department of Commerce and the EU were immediately not available for comment.
On Wednesday, the government defied the world in a row over food stockpiling that had crippled attempts to reach a global trade agreement , raising doubts that backroom talks could reach a compromise before a Group of 20 (G20) summit in November.
The Centre's blockade has plunged the WTO into its worst crisis in two decades, leading Director General Roberto Azevedo to float the idea of abandoning the consensus principle on which the 160-member group operates.
(Reuters)

Sensex gains in early trade on capital inflowsMARKET UPDATE: BSE Sensex closes 47 points lower on profit-booking
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 7, 2014  | 17:05 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Stock markets took a breather on Friday with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex falling about 47 points in volatile trade, retreating from record highs, as investors booked profits in banking, metal and capital goods sector stocks.
After remaining positive in early trade, the 30-share BSE barometer touched the day's high of 27,980.93. However, investors took some profits off the table at near record levels which pushed the BSE index to day's low of 27,739.56.
A round of buying at the fag-end helped to trim losses. The Sensex settled with a loss of 47.25 points, or 0.17 per cent, at 27,868.63.
Among Sensex components, 21 stocks including BHEL , GAIL, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp, Tata Steel and Hindalco fell.
In the previous session on Wednesday, the 30-share Sensex had ended at its all-time closing high of 27,915.88 after touching an intra-day record high of 28,010.39. Continued foreign fund inflows on government's reform push amid hopes of a rate cut by the RBI had fuelled the rally.
Likewise, the 50-issue National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty, which had gained 14.15 points in the previous session, fell 1.30 points (or 0.02 per cent) to close at 8,337.00.
During Friday's session, the gauge dipped below the 8300-mark to touch a low of 8,290.25. It had closed at a closing peak of 8,338.30 after recording a lifetime high of 8,365.55 intra-day on Wednesday.
Banking sector stocks saw a round of selling after remaining outperformers in the recent rally. Major losers were SBI and HDFC Bank.
Bucking the overall trend, shares in healthcare, realty, consumer durables and IT sectors continued their upward march.
Shares of DLF rose over 6 per cent after the Securities Appellate Tribunal allowed the realty giant to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 1,806 crore.
Traders said market was in an over-bought position and participants preferred to lock gains at lifetime highs.
Sectorally, the BSE Metal index suffered the most by losing 1.27 per cent, followed by Capital Goods 0.72 per cent, Power by 0.65 per cent and Auto 0.46 per cent among others.
Globally, there was a mixed closing in Asian markets while Europe saw a higher opening. All eyes are now on the US monthly jobs report.
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,030.85 crores on Wednesday, as per provisional data released by the stock exchanges.

Before finale  pit stop in Brazil for Lewis HamiltonMercedes Lewis Hamilton would be looking to keep up his winning spree at Interlagos, Brazil. (Source: AP)
By: Agence-France Presse | Sao Paulo | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:05 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 9:37 am
Lewis Hamilton expects another fierce challenge from Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg when the pair resume hostilities at the Brazilian Grand Prix with the season-ending Abu Dhabi double points lottery looming.
Only days after claiming his 10th win of the season at the United States Grand Prix in Texas, Hamilton has pledged to work as hard as possible to triumph again in his bid for a second championship.
But the 2008 champion knows that even if he wins at Interlagos on Sunday, and his German rival fails to finish, he can still miss out on the title if he flops in Abu Dhabi and Rosberg grabs double points with a victory worth 50 points in the final race of the season.
“I feel that I understand the processes that I need and I know what it takes,” said Hamilton as he looked ahead to this weekend’s race.
“There’s no real special recipe or anything like that, I’m just going to work my arse off for these next two races and try to improve.”
In Texas, he admitted that the prospect of losing the title under the double points rule in Abu Dhabi “would suck”. Rosberg, understandably, has said he will accept the glory whatever happens — he just wants to be champion by any means. “It is what it is, I don’t really care,” said Rosberg.“As long as I have one point more at the chequered flag at Abu Dhabi, I don’t care why or how. It’s the same for everybody…
It’s a childhood dream, isn’t it, to be F1 World Champion? It would be very special.” Hamilton won his fifth consecutive race in Austin to open up a 24-point lead ahead of Rosberg.
On paper, it looks as if Hamilton has the measure of Rosberg after dominating the last five races, but the 29-year-old Englishman will have none of that and is ready for another fierce scrap in what may be a wet race this weekend.

Coke takes cue from PM Modi; to launch fizzy fruit juice | Starbucks outshines rivalsYou are here: Home > Collections > Coca-cola
Coke takes cue from Narendra Modi’s suggestion; may launch fizzy fruit drink by next summer
Ratna Bhushan, ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 10.16AM IST
(The new drink, under wraps…)
NEW DELHI: Less than two months after Prime Minister Narendra Modi urged cola companies to add fruit juice in their fizzy drinks, Coca-Cola has already started working on such a beverage that it plans to launch by the next summer season, two people aware of the development told ET.
The new drink, under wraps still, is being developed entirely in the country, they said. "A series of variants are being researched on a priority basis. The firm is clear it wants to bring in fruit-based drinks hopefully before next season kicks in," one of them said.
A Coca-Cola spokesperson declined to comment.
The Prime Minister had urged Coca-Cola and PepsiCo to blend their aerated beverages with fruit juice sourced from local farmers on September 24 while inaugurating Future Group-managed India Food Park in Tumkur, Karnataka.
"We drink Pepsi, Coca-Cola...and I do not know how many similar beverages are available in the market. The trade runs into billions of rupees. I have asked the companies if they can blend 5% natural fruit juice in the beverages they make. I am not asking for much, if 5% of juice from fruits produced by our farmers is added, the farmer will not be forced to search for a market to sell. A single decision can ensure billions of rupees of trade," Modi had said.
Coca-Cola began work on the new beverage soon after the PM's speech, said one of the persons quoted earlier. It is not yet clear whether the upcoming beverage will be a new brand or an extension of Coca-Cola's existing flavoured aerated drinks brands such as Fanta.
It will be the US beverages giant's first fruit juice-based fizzy drink in India.
In the US and some European markets, Coca-Cola sells a caffeine-free, citrus-based, calorie-free aerated soft drink called Fresca in flavours such as black cherry and peach. It also sells Glaceau Fruitwater, a fruit-flavoured, zero-calorie sparkling water in the US - but that doesn't contain fruit juice.
While the PM had urged cola majors to add fruit juice to their drinks, an official said changing formulations of existing brands is not possible, hence Coca-Cola is working locally on a new beverage.
Indian Beverage Association, a body representing firms like Coca-Cola and PepsiCo, had said in response to the PM's advice: "The industry is constantly innovating to offer new products. Innovation and use of new farm-based ingredients will benefit a large number of farmers."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Robert Vadra moves to wind up six companiesRobert Vadra moves to wind up six companies
By TNN | 7 Nov, 2014, 09.53AM IST
0
Share More
According to official filings with the Registrar of Companies, Vadra has moved to shut down six of the 12 companies that he controls as director.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: With Congress's fortunes on a sharp downward spiral in recent months, party chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra has been winding up at least six of his companies even as one of his firms reported a profit of Rs 33 crore in 2012-13.
According to official filings with the Registrar of Companies, Vadra has moved to shut down six of the 12 companies that he controls as director.
These companies — Lifeline Agrotech , Greenwave Agro , Rightline Agriculture , Future Infra Agro, Best Seasons Agro and Primetime Agro — have been dissolved or are in the process of being dissolved in recent months. All six have been mostly engaged in acquiring property in Rajasthan, especially cheap land.
Vadra's move coincides with the dramatic downfall of Congress in the national elections. The specific date when he started the process of winding up is not clear, but it was initiated in recent months.
Rs 33cr gain in 2012-13, Rs 2.3cr loss next year
Narendra Modi's ascent to power at the Centre, months after BJP defeated Congress in last winter's assembly polls in Rajasthan, seems to have hastened Vadra's actions. The new BJP government under Manohar Lal Khattar in Haryana too has decided to probe his suspect land deals, allegedly facilitated by the then Congress government.
The six companies, along with the other six in which Vadra is a director and are still active, have been involved in buying up large tracts of land cheap in Haryana and Rajasthan. In many of these cases, there was either change in land use from agriculture to residential or commercial after the companies acquired the land, reaping them huge profits. Where there was no land use conversion, there was allegation that Vadra had privileged information about possible new projects coming up in those areas.
Even as he reduced the number of companies controlled or owned by him, one of Vadra's companies, Sky Light Hospitality, declared an impressive Rs 33.26 crore profit in 2012-13. In 2013-14, though, the company reported a loss of Rs 2.31 crore.
According to the latest filings, Sky Light Hospitality has invested Rs 35 crore in Saket Courtyard for a 50% stake. Saket Courtyard owns a five-star hotel, and is jointly owned by Vadra and DLF group as per the last filing. According to reports in the past, DLF has carried out transactions in the range of over Rs 400 crore with this joint venture.
The balance sheet of Sky Light Hospitality also raises questions about the quality of the audit. Whereas the auditor says the company earned a profit in 2013-14, details show that it actually suffered a loss.
Vadra's move to wind down companies comes even as a draft report of the CAG found that Sky Light Hospitality made a windfall gain of nearly Rs 44 crore, facilitated by the then Bhupinder Hooda government in Haryana. The auditors found that the town and country planning department of the state government ignored the weak financial position of the company and allowed it to develop a commercial colony when it had just Rs 1 lakh in its kitty.

Rayudu scores century as India take 2-0 lead against Sri LankaUpdated: November 7, 2014 01:09 IST
Rayudu scores century as India take 2-0 lead against Sri Lanka
G. Viswanath
Tweet
The Hindu Ambati Rayudu paced his innings adroitly en route to his maiden century in India's emphatic victory in the second ODI at Ahmedabad on Thursday. Photo: S. Subramanium
The Hindu Sri Lanka's Tillakaratne Dilshan is bowled out off Akshar Patel during the 2nd ODI against India at the Sardar Patel Stadium, Motera, Ahmedabad on Thursday. Photo: S.Subramanium
TOPICS
One-day cricket
A captain’s knock by Mathews helps Sri Lanka to a challenging total
India did not do anything rash in pursuit of a second straight victory in the Micromax five-match One-Day International series against Sri Lanka in front of a packed house at Motera here on Thursday. It played with fixity of purpose and Ambati Rayudu (121,118b, 10x4, 4x6) showed the way with a truly classic effort that would have added many more to his admirers’ list.
After Ajinkya Rahane departed in the chase of 275, seasoned campaigner Shikhar Dhawan and Rayudu curbed their natural instincts and dashed the visitors’ hopes with a resolve to bat safely in order to achieve the end result which India did with six wickets and 33 balls to spare.
Riveted to the task for nearly three hours Rayudu gave a fitting finish, slamming an inside-out shot that hit the cover boundary rope.
The second-wicket pair of Dhawan and Rayudu showed no haste at all; they did not lift the ball in the direction of the fielders, ran hard the singles and twos and hit out fours and sixes only when they felt the shots would race to the boundary or sail over it into the stands.
It was an extraordinary display; they added 122 runs for the second wicket off 121 balls and then Rayudu and skipper Virat Kohli secured the match with a 98-ball 116 for the third wicket.
Rayudu, playing his 21st match and promoted to No. 3, became the 35th Indian batsman to score an ODI century, but more significantly proved the vast potential predicted by former India coach Greg Chappell.
Earlier, Sri Lanka seemed to have had a good first session. Angelo Mathews won the toss and gladly chose to bat in the hope that after the first three-and-a-half hours his bowlers would get some leeway to work out a strategy to make early gains, contain the middle-order, bring the home team under pressure.
What the Lankan skipper would not have probably imagined was that he himself would turn out to be the main cog around which the team could drag the score to around the 300-run mark after the fall of the first three wickets by the completion of the 14th over.
Fearless execution
In the event Mathews’ fearless execution of shots took him to eight runs short of his first century in 135 ODIs.
But, most crucially from the team’s point of view, he stitched a profitable 54-run stand for the ninth wicket off 42 balls with Dhammika Prasad. It was an admirable undertaking from the Sri Lankan captain to take charge of the proceedings
Umesh Yadav won an appeal for leg before against Kusal Perera to finish the first over of the match on a bright note. However, Tillakaratne Dilshan was quick to spot and punish the error in length twice by Umesh in his second over by hitting two boundaries on the off-side.
Yadav and Ishant Sharma were able to keep the scoring rate under considerable check in the first nine PowerPlay overs.
Summoned to the middle at the end of the first over, Kumar Sangakkara brought his 381-match experience to the fore and held firm for a little over 31 overs. Dilshan, making the most of the last PowerPlay over, lifted the score from a dismal 35 for one to an encouraging 53 for one by throwing R. Ashwin’s first over into complete disarray.
He cover-drove, stepped out and hit over the bowler’s head twice and swept the ball to the fence to pick up 18 runs off the 10th over bowled by the off-spinner.
Local hero Axar Patel, cheered every ball by the near full house, brought an abrupt end to Dilshan’s brave effort in his very first over.
Sri Lanka recovered a great deal through the fourth-wicket stand of 90 between Sangakkara and Mathews and after the spinners had completed their quota of overs by the 44th, Yadav and Sharma conceded nine runs an over in the last six which once again exposed India’s limitations at the death.

Exclusive drug controller to test Ayurvedic medicines: Harsh VardhanUnion Health Minister Harsh Vardhan (C) during opening of the Arogya Expo in New Delhi. Photo: PTI
TOPICS
science and technology
India will soon have an exclusive drug control department to facilitate testing of Ayurvedic drugs, Health Minister Harsh Vardhan said here Thursday.
The department will look after research and development, monitor quality control and standardise the manufacturing of medicinal products of Ayurveda and other traditional Indian treatment systems, the health minister announced at the inauguration of the Arogya Expo organised alongside the 6th World Ayurveda Congress in New Delhi.
He said that under the newly-created AYUSH (Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy) mission, the government would provide funding support to states wanting to set up manufacturing facilities and would create manpower for the traditional medicine industry.
“The chief objective of the mission is to encourage integration of AYUSH with modern medicine and create a holistic healthcare system that can be emulated globally and which will achieve the universal goal of health for all,” he said.
Harsh Vardhan said the government, which has allocated Rs. 5,000 crore to the AYUSH Mission in 12th five-year plan, is keen to partner with states in creating state-of-the-art research and development facilities, drug testing laboratories and herbal gardens that will help meet growing industry and market demand for quality raw material and products.
“People across the world are talking about integration and holistic development. Yoga will be one of the greatest healers of the 21st century. That is the reason we have established the AYUSH mission,” he said, adding: “We are trying to promote all Indian systems of medicine on a big scale.”
The aim of the 6th World Ayurveda Congress (WAC) and Arogya Expo is integrating Ayurveda with the mainstream public health system and propagating it globally as a safe and cost-efficient health care alternative.
The congress is being organised by the department of AYUSH, ministry of health and family welfare, in collaboration with the World Ayurveda Foundation (WAF) and the Delhi government.

Swachh photo-op : Delhi BJP unit organisers dump garbage before clean-upComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has become the latest political controversy in the poll-bound Delhi.
A combo picture shows workers spreading garbage for a cleanliness drive that was attended by Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay and former AAP member Shazia Ilmi at India Islamic Centre in New Delhi. (PTI Photo)
Photographs that were published in newspapers on Thursday and later went viral on the social media showed how leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party’s Delhi unit, including its president Satish Upadhyay, allegedly turned the campaign launched on Gandhi Jayanti last month by the Prime Minister himself, into a photo-op.
The paper reported that garbage was littered on a clean pavement near India Islamic Cultural Centre on Lodhi Road before Upadhyay reached there with brooms and cleaned it up again. 
Rejecting outright the allegation that any party functionary had any hand in the littering of the garbage, Upadhyay told HT that though organisers committed an error of judgment but it was done with a noble intention to send the message that Muslims too were part of the campaign.
“The organisers were trying to give a message that the Muslim community are also part of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. While doing so they made a mistake by littering and dumping garbage before we reached there. We were not aware about it but we still see it as a positive gesture since they were only trying to give a message,” Upadhyay said.
However, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) used the broom in BJP’s hand as a stick to beat it. The Congress, too, attacked the saffron party for running a sham campaign targeted only to garner votes. 
“Satish Upadhyay first had the streets littered and then cleaned. The BJP in Delhi has committed a fraud on the PM’s Swachh Bharat campaign,” AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal told a news channel, choosing selectively not targeting the campaign since he had himself participated in it.
The AAP, which had emerged as the main opposition to the BJP in Delhi after 2013 assembly elections in Delhi, also plan to use the opportunity to attack the BJP-ruled three municipal corporations since it is they who are responsible for maintaining cleanliness.
“The miserable condition of cleanliness in Delhi, repeatedly exposed by the Delhi High Court recently, shows the real face of the BJP-run municipal corporations. Delhiites are fully aware that the MCD, which the BJP has been ruling for the past seven years, is a den of corruption and is known for its inefficiency and lack of good work culture,” said an AAP spokesperson.
Upadyay though was of the opinion that the corporations lack the resources to handle sanitation in a vast city like Delhi. He said corporations have been facing shortage of funds to buy sanitation equipment, vehicles and hire additional sanitation staff. “Even AAP government didn’t release funds on time during their tenure despite repeated requests by the municipal leaders,” the Delhi BJP chief claimed.
The Delhi Congress questioned the BJP’s intentions behind running the campaign.
“The BJP leaders throw garbage and then enact the drama of cleaning it to pose for photographs and put them on social media. The Delhi High Court’s censure of all the three MCDs on cleanliness campaign has only proved what we have been saying all along that this is nothing but a farce,” Delhi Congress chief spokesperson Mukesh Sharma said.
Sharma added that the campaign stands exposed since one can see garbage dumped outside every colony. “Because of this so called cleanliness campaign the regular cleaning of streets is also not being done now,” he said.

Bihar: LJP ready to contest less seats for greater strike rate on BJP sidePrint
Ramvilas Paswan
Written by Avishek G Dastidar | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 2:18 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 10:37 am
AS an NDA partner, Ramvilas Paswan’s Lok Janashakti Party (LJP) may get to contest lesser seats in the 2015 Bihar state polls than it did while in alliance with Lalu Prasad’s Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) in 2010.
The climbdown in the number, party sources say, would be in favour of a greater “strike rate” and a better shot at winning with Narendra Modi-led BJP by its side.
As the scene starts to hot up over possible political equations for next year’s Bihar assembly polls, LJP sources said the feelers from the BJP is that it will get to contest about 45-odd seats.
In 2010, with not a single Lok Sabha MP in its stable and playing second fiddle to the RJD, the LJP had contested in 75 assembly seats. But the results were disastrous with only three victories and a major slide in its traditional vote base. Its vote share had reduced to just about 6.75 per cent.
Preliminary talks with the BJP suggest that the Assembly seats in the seven Lok Sabha constituencies where the LJP tasted victory this year — winning in six and barely losing in Nitish Kumar’s stronghold, Nalanda — will be the ones where the Paswans might get to contest. Party supremo Ramvilas Paswan and parliamentary board chief Chirag Paswan are said to be fine with the arrangement. The leadership believes 50 to be a good number for a significant presence in the next Bihar assembly, sources said.
“There is no point in spreading ourselves thin and then not winning too many seats, like the last time. With the Modi wave working its magic in every state, the scene in Bihar is unlikely to be different,” a senior party MP, who is privy to the development, told The Indian Express.
The party’s state machinery in Bihar, on the other hand, was initially in favour of contesting about 20 more seats than in 2010, citing the favourable results in the Lok Sabha polls. But with the BJP-wave in state polls continuing to fetch results for NDA allies, the LJP does not want to be confrontational over numbers. The same reason why the party may support any BJP candidate in the ensuing J&K elections.

Soz and Azad to stay out of election frayGhulam Nabi Azad and Saifuddin Soz
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: November 7, 2014 2:30 am
Call it a reaction to Congress’ dismal show at Haryana and Maharashtra assembly polls or their inability to find safe bastions, Jammu and Kashmir Pradesh Congress president Prof Saifuddin Soz and former Chief Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad have decided not to contest the upcoming assembly election.
However, speaking to mediapersons here on Thursday, Soz said Azad and he took the decision much before the Election Commission announced dates of assembly polls in the state. “During a rally at Samba, Azad Sahib, in reply to a mediaperson’s question, categorically said neither he nor “Soz Sahib” were contesting the polls,” said Soz, adding that, “I had then said that if you feel good that way, then I too shall not contest.”
Soz further said that staying out of poll fray had been a “good decision”. “In that case, we would have got stuck to a particular constituency. Now, we are available for campaigning in every assembly segment,” he said.
He denied that Azad was hesitant to contest the election in view of Modi wave across the state. He also brushed aside claims that a sitting legislator had refused to vacate a “safe” seat in Doda district for the former CM.
“Anybody would love to vacate a seat for him, but that would restrict himself to one constituency,” Soz pointed out. At present, Azad is Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha. However, his term to the Upper House ends in February.
However, the Congress leader admitted that an anti-incumbency factor prevailed in the state and attributed it to the failures of the coalition government. “We were for the 73rd and 74th amendments, but National Conference delayed extending the benefits to the state. Similarly, Congress fought persistently for issues concerning people living along the borders and refugees from PoK and finally made the state cabinet decide on them,” he said.
Tainted MLA in Cong’s list of 69 candidates
Repeating all its sitting legislators, including a tainted one facing charges of sexual advances on a lady doctor in Kashmir, the All India Congress Committee (AICC) on Thursday released a list of 69 candidates for the J&K polls beginning November 25.
Shabir Ahmed Khan, who had to resign as health minister from Omar Abdullah ministry following registration of an FIR in Srinagar on the basis of a complaint from a lady doctor, has been repeated in Rajouri Assembly segment. The doctor had alleged that the minister had called her to his office chamber in the secretariat and made indecent advances.
Another candidate in the list is Shohaib Lone who had during budget session of the assembly in 2007 leveled serious charges of corruption against the then party president and education minister Peerzada Sayeed. He has been named as party candidate from Sangrama. Sayeed had resigned as minister following the charges of corruption.
Salman Anees Soz, son of state party president Saifuddin Soz, is the candidate from Baramulla. MLCs Ravinder Sharma (Nowshera), Bashir Naz continued…

PMs first gift to Varanasi today  many more to followBoating on the Ganga in Varanasi, a day ahead of Narendra Modi’s visit. (Source: Express photo by Vishal Srivastav)
Written by Lalmani Verma | Varanasi | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:40 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 1:41 am
On Friday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be in Varanasi for the first time since the constituency elected him, bringing with him the first of many gifts it has been promised since he decided to contest from here. He will lay the foundation for a Trade and Crafts Felicitation Centre for weavers, a community that comprises mostly Muslims.
After decades of neglect of its ghats, farmer and weaver communities, and civic amenities, Varanasi has of late been the focus of attention from the Centre as well as the state government. Visits by other central leaders have preceded Modi’s, all keen to fulfil his promises for Varanasi and the Ganga.
Uma Bharti, Minister for River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation, was here on Tuesday to inspect the ghats and an incomplete sewage treatment plant. She met Jal Nigam officials to discuss cleaning of the Ganga.
A week earlier, a parliamentary committee headed by Kairana MP Hukum Singh had visited the same sites and discussed solid waste management. Union Minister for Small Industries Kalraj Mishra recently held various meetings as well as a workshop of such industries, promising them support.
There also was Minister of State for Railways Manoj Sinha along with top railway officials. They toured the Cantonment, Manduadeeh, Varanasi Junction, City and Kashi stations and reportedly plan to remodel these at an estimated Rs 225 crore.
The Ministry of Urban Development has drafted an action agenda for integrated development. This was after secretary to the Government of India Sudhir Krishna visited Varanasi on June 20 and 21.
Plans include reviving an outer ring road project first visualised during the previous NDA regime, and extending the runway at Babatpur airport 20 km from Varanasi. The four-lane ring road will be 60 km long, the radius 8 to 10 km. “We have started talks with the state government on land acquisition,” said Khushwant Singh, regional officer of National Highways Authority of India in UP.
The runway is being extended with an eye on tourism. The Centre also plans to develop Babatpur, Sarnath, Mughalarai, Shivpur, Cholapur and Kashi as satellite towns with upgraded transport.
“The ministry is exploring the possibility of running a Metro rail and DMRC has done a preliminary survey,” said the ministry’s secretary, Shankar Aggarwal, who discussed possible projects with mayor Ram Gopal Mohle, BJP MLAs and municipal officials at a meeting in Delhi.
The action agenda calls for recycling of waste water for non-potable use. The city generates 300 million litres waste water and sewage every day, and treats only about 100 MLD, with nothing recycled. The ministry has planned decentralised, standalone recycling plants of capacity 1 to 2 MLD, each at Rs 2 to 3 crore.
Varanasi also generates 600 tonnes municipal solid waste daily. The ministry has again suggested decentralised recycling continued…

On Sets of  Piku : The  beautiful  Deepika Padukone with the  not so beautiful guy  next to herentertainment
On Sets of ‘Piku': The ‘beautiful’ Deepika Padukone with the ‘not so beautiful guy’ next to her
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan took to facebook to post one of the moments during the shoot of his upcoming movie 'Piku', captured in the form of a picture. The image shows his co star in the movie Deepika Padukone with him during a scene. "The beautiful Deepika with the not so beautiful guy next to her .. its PIKU ... and me !!" he captioned it. (Source: Facebook)
Irrfan Khan also seemed to be in awe of his co stars as he tweeted to thank the director of the movie Shoojit Sircar to include the actors in the movie. "Thank U @ShoojitSircar 4 brnging all of us 2gether @SrBachchan @deepikapadukone in ths delightful story by @writeonj," he tweeted. (Source: Twitter)
Amitabh Bachchan, who is currently in Kolkata shooting for Shoojit Sircar’s upcoming ‘Piku’, was spotted on the sets in a sweater with a neck brace. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
There were reports that the megastar was unwell between his shoot. However, Big B denied the rumours, saying the neck brace was part of his appearance in the film. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
Amitabh Bachchan, who is known to be quite tech and social media savvy, is busy on his phone between takes. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan, who is shooting for Shoojit Sircar’s upcoming film, ‘Piku’ in the city of joy, Kolkata, was seen cycling around. (Source: Facebook)
Bachchan senior was dressed in a kurta with a navy blue sleeveless sweater, trousers, sneakers and a hat. (Source: Facebook)
Amitabh Bachchan, who shot for many films in Kolkata during his younger days, was happy to be back in the city. “"In 'PIKU land' ... !! Too many memories flashing by as the drive from the airport ends .. but so much more to come in the days ahead. Kolkata shall always hold a special place and space within...a 'city of joy' that energises you with intellect and passion !!,” posted Big B. (Source: Facebook)
Shoojit Srcar’s ‘Piku’ examines the relationship between a daughter, played by Deepika Padukone and her father. (Source: Express Photo by Patha Paul)
Amitabh Bachchan cycled around the majestic gothic-styled Writers' Building in the B B D Bagh area. He also went around for a small stretch on the Red Cross Place, which is flanked by imposing colonial buildings on both sides. (Source: Facebook)
Shoojit Sircar, who has previously directed ‘Madras Café’, was busy on the sets. (Source: Express Photo by Patha Paul)
Passersby stopped to get a glimpse of the happenings. (Source: Express Photo by Patha Paul)
A woman peeks out of her window to get a look at Amitabh Bachchan. (Source: Express Photo by Patha Paul)
Related

Kamal Haasan s biggest SECRETS revealed!Photo uploaded by Shankar Manakkal
on Nov 06, 2013 , 04:12 pm
8507 Views  |  10  Comments  |  
Kamal Haasan is a superstar in every sense of the term. Image courtesy: Procured via google search
Kamal Haasan is a superstar in every sense of the term. Image courtesy: Procured via google search

Anushka Sharma s HOTTEST photos on the netPhoto uploaded by Rakesh Yadav
on Oct 29, 2014 , 03:56 pm
2135 Views  |  15  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Anushka Sharma always wanted to reach a milestone in the modelling world and had no aspirations as such to come into the movie industry.
Anushka Sharma always wanted to reach a milestone in the modelling world and had no aspirations as such to come into the movie industry.

Rituparna Sengupta s RAUNCHIEST photos!Photo uploaded by Sahil Kakkar
on Nov 06, 2013 , 04:27 pm
19162 Views  |  3  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
There have been no artists in Rituparna's family before her. The actresss feels she got into films because her family members always took an active interest in cultural activities and events. Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Images
There have been no artists in Rituparna's family before her. The actresss feels she got into films because her family members always took an active interest in cultural activities and events. Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Images

Survivor of Kashmir firing refutes Army versionUpdated: November 7, 2014 10:25 IST
Survivor of Kashmir firing refutes Army version
Zahid Rafiq
Jammu and Kashmir
According to the Army, there were three checkpoints and the car sped past two and rammed into the third one.
For three days now, Basim Ahmed has been living a bloody nightmare. “I can’t believe I am alive and they are dead,” he told The Hindu about how two of his friends were shot dead by the Army in Kashmir on Monday. He was travelling in the car along with the two victims as the Army opened fire at the vehicle.
He refuted the Army version that there were three checkpoints and the car sped past two and rammed into the third one.
“There weren’t three checkpoints. Only a few soldiers were standing on the street and they whistled for us to stop, but Faisal, who was driving the car, did not hear it. We had brushed a tipper a few minutes ago and Faisal was nervous because the tipper driver was calling out to him. We asked him to stop and he applied the brakes abruptly, trying to halt the car,” said Basim.
And then it started raining bullets. “The first bullet hit Faisal’s arm and he shouted Hatai Mojai (Oh my mother!). He let go of the steering and the car rammed into the electric pole on the roadside,” Basim said.
Basim, thin and agile, ducked under the dashboard. Faisal was hit by four bullets and Mehraj-ud-Din three. The two wounded boys, Shakir and Zahid, were hit by two bullets each. They are being treated at the Army hospital.
Basim has no idea how long he remained in the car. “When the bullets stopped, I somehow rolled down the car window and crawled out. The soldiers fired at me, but I kept running down the roadside into the empty fields. I ran as hard as I could,” said Basim. “I reached someone’s house and they gave me water. I had no money and they gave me Rs. 10 for the bus fare,” he said.
When Basim reached home after dusk, he found his family crying, believing him to be dead like his friends.
“I haven’t left this room for the last three days. I want to go to Faisal’s home and console his mother,” said Basim.

Harvard under fire for secret classroom photosHarvard University is under fire from faculty and students for secretly photographing about 2,000 undergraduates.
By: Associated Press | Cambridge | Posted: November 7, 2014 5:22 am
Harvard University is under fire from faculty and students for secretly photographing about 2,000 undergraduates in 10 lecture halls last spring as part of a study on classroom attendance.
The experiment was disclosed at a faculty meeting on Tuesday and first reported in The Harvard Crimson student newspaper.
Harvard computer science professor Harry Lewis asked administrators about the study during the meeting, saying he learned about it from two colleagues.
“You should do studies only with the consent of the people being studied,” Lewis told The Boston Globe on Wednesday.
Brett Biebelberg, a junior involved in student government, called the study’s secretive nature “strikingly hypocritical,” given that the university recently adopted an honor code for the first time.
Students and teachers were not notified because researchers did not want to introduce potential bias into the study, Harvard administrators said. The cameras took pictures every minute and a computer program used them to count empty and occupied seats.
The study was done by Harvard’s Initiative for Learning and Teaching, overseen by Vice Provost Peter Bol, and authorized by the school’s Institutional Review Board.
Professors whose lectures were monitored were told in August and all gave permission for the data to be used in the study, he said. Students were not told and the images themselves were destroyed, he said.
Harvard in March 2013 was criticized for secretly searching the university email accounts of 16 deans to find out who leaked information about a cheating scandal to the media. That led to new privacy policies on electronic communication this spring.
President Drew Faust said she will have the latest case reviewed by a panel that oversees the newly established electronic communications policies.
“I indeed do take very seriously the important questions that this incident raises,” Faust said, according to The Crimson.

Prospective brides prefer to meet guy first  family laterThe survey, by online matrimony platform www.shaadi.com, was conducted on a total of 5,800 respondents in the age group of 24 to 35 years
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 10:50 am
Indian girls are becoming more forthright than ever about their marital choices. It’s evident from a survey which shows they prefer to meet a prospective groom before his family.
The survey, by online matrimony platform http://www.shaadi.com , was conducted on a total of 5,800 respondents in the age group of 24 to 35 years, to understand if singles — both men and women — believe that there is ‘Someone for Everyone’.
While as many as 94.6 percent 2,128 single Indian women respondents agreed, the remaining disagreed. When the same question was posed to men, 93.8 percent of the 3,672 respondents agreed.
For single women, ‘meeting the boy before meeting his family’ is the top priority in the important requirements during partner search, with 49.5 percent of them voting for it. This was followed by 31.4 percent respondents picking ‘the feeling of being treated as equals’, and 19.1 percent of them said ‘similar values and beliefs are important’.
Men too resonated that ‘meeting the girl is important before meeting her family’ is at the top of their requirement when searching for a suitable match, followed by ‘Compatibility’ and having ‘similar values and beliefs are important’.
There are several challenges that men and women face while zeroing in on a life partner.
For 43.1 percent of the women, a ‘hectic lifestyle and time constraint’ is a major problem, while 34.5 percent of them voted for ‘compatibility’ and 22.4 percent of them said ‘food habits’.
When men were asked the same question, 41.5 percent of them said ‘compatibility’, followed by 35.3 percent, who said ‘hectic lifestyle and time constraint’ and 23.2 percent who said ‘food habits’.
Many prospective brides and grooms are also easily put off by different things during partner search.
“Meeting match-seekers due to family pressure” tops the complaints of 72.4 percent of the surveyed women, while 65.1 percent of the men said ‘getting rejected on the basis of salary bracket’ is a put off.
“We believe that there is someone for everyone, and understand that finding a life partner is an important and sensitive process. We therefore constantly strive to make the journey of the match-seekers more relevant keeping in mind their partner preference,” Gourav Rakshit, chief operating officer, Shaadi.com, said in a statement.

PM Narendra Modi likely to expand Cabinet on SundayYou are here: Home > Collections > Ministers
PM Modi likely to expand Cabinet on Sunday, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, JP Nadda may also get into Cabinet
ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 07.22AM IST
Tags:
Anurag Thakur
(Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, Hansraj Ahir, Giriraj Singh,…)
NEW DELHI: Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi , Hansraj Ahir, Giriraj Singh, JP Nadda, Chaudhary Birendra Singh, Jayant Sinha, Ramkripal Yadav, Rajyavardhan Rathore, Sanwar Lal Jaat and Ramesh Bais are being considered for induction into the council of ministers along with Manohar Parrikar and Suresh Prabhu as part of the cabinet expansion that is likely to take place on Sunday, said senior government and BJP functionaries. Col. Sonaram Choudhary, Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti and Ashwini Choubey are a few other names that are being considered. At least a dozen ministers are set to be inducted on Sunday, said multiple sources.
ET learns that a few ministers might be relieved of the additional charges they hold while a few others could see a reassignment of portfolios. However, it is unlikely that any ministers could be elevated or dropped. The expansion, which could see more seniors accommodated as cabinet ministers would result in the decoupling of ministries and possibly mark a shift from the earlier strategy of creating clusters of ministries. The most high-profile decoupling is likely to be in the case of defence and finance.
Allies may also Find Place
Parrikar is likely to take over the defence portfolio. In addition, key ministries such as environment, telecom, and rural development, which were being held as additional charges, could now have standalone ministers. Jayant, who is the son of former finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is tipped to become minister of state for finance, while Prabhu might get an important cabinet berth, possibly rural development. BJP general secretary JP Nadda's name is doing the rounds as a possible environment minister.
Prime minister Narendra Modi is also likely to induct some representatives of the allies into the union cabinet. Uddhav Thackeray reportedly would suggest two names for induction into the council of ministers while YS Choudhary, legislative party leader of the Telegu Desam Party (TDP), too is believed to be a strong contender. A top party source said that Shiv Sena's feelers of wanting to remain in the NDA at least at the Centre, even if not accommodated in the state government, have been taken on board.
A top BJP official said the expansion tacitly acknowledged the fact that a lean structure does not automatically result in speedy and nimble decision making. "This was particularly felt during Parliament sessions, when ministers were snowed under by the quantity of work and multiple question hours they had to face," he said. The Modi government took oath on May 26 this year with a relatively smaller strength of 45 ministers, of whom 22 were of cabinet rank and an equal number were ministers of state, with 10 of them holding independent charge. This will be the first cabinet expansion since then.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ill take up whatever role is given to me: Manohar ParrikarBJP
("All things do not have to…)
'Everything needn't be confirmed or denied, Manohar Parrikar tells ET when asked about whether he's Narendra Modi's choice as India's next defence minister. Speaking to Akshay Deshmane, Parrikar, Goa's first BJP chief minister and an IIT alumnus, also laments the lack of talent 'everywhere', including in politics. Even BJP now has fewer capable decision-makers than earlier, Parrikar says.
You have distanced yourself from speculation that you are going to be India's next defence minister. Just how vehemently do you deny it?
All things do not have to be confirmed or denied. I think people realise that there are certain things that can be discussed publicly and some things that cannot be discussed. When I was forming a government in Goa, 17 people knew the details of it but not a single rumour leaked out. Wait for two days and you will find out for yourself whether I remain in Goa or come to Delhi.
Your name for the Union cabinet has been floating ever since the Modi government was sworn in. Why is it so?
Maybe because people think I have good relations with Modi, which is true. The PM and I have known each other for many years. Both of us were party general secretaries at some point of time. Our equation strengthened when Modi was the party general secretary in charge of Goa. Also, people think Goa is relatively a small state and, having seen my work there, they may be thinking that I should join the Centre. But I am a party person and whatever role comes to me, I will take it up.
When Modi took over as PM, he had said he will work jointly with state chief ministers as a team. But now it seems he wants to bring more BJP CMs to the Centre. Why?
I think there has been deterioration in quality of people everywhere, especially the ones with a capacity to take strong decisions. It is true whether you are talking about society, political parties, Parliament or government. When I joined the BJP, there were around 20-30 people in the party who were known to be strong decisionmakers. Today, across all parties, there is a serious shortage of people who can take swift decisions. And may be I am seen as someone who takes strong decisions.
Your speculated elevation to the Union cabinet is also linked to the Defence portfolio. Much of PM's 'Make in India' plan is linked to defence production, and may be your reputation as a decision-maker is a clincher...
Manufacturing, and by implication the 'Make in India' campaign, is required for addressing the job requirements of a growing, predominantly young country like India. Even if the current policy, which mandates 30% domestic manufacturing for defence procurement, is implemented well, we can create a lot many jobs.
Your cabinet has also cleared the mining policy in Goa recently, in which the miners are being given back the leases. Why are you giving leases back to the miners instead of auctioning them?
You should realise that we can't compare coal blocks with iron ore mines. The coal blocks were allocated by the Government of India while mining leases were given by Portuguese decree years ago. I am following the MMDR Act. Also, if I choose to auction the mines the miners will go to court under section 26 or 30 of the MMDR Act, as the case may be, and further delay the opening of mines. By the time the litigation ends, in five or ten years, you can presume what will happen to the mines. My concern right now is to make the mines operational in six months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rajnath Singh  Benjamin Netanyahu review cooperation in combating terrorTel Aviv, November 7, 2014
Updated: November 7, 2014 14:36 IST
Rajnath Singh, Benjamin Netanyahu review cooperation in combating terror
PTI
Tweet
PTI Home Minister Rajnath Singh with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at a meeting in Jerusalem on Thursday.
PTI Home Minister Rajnath Singh with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at a meeting in Jerusalem on Thursday.
TOPICS
defence
Contending that terror is a global menace, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Home Minister Rajnath Singh in Tel Aviv have reviewed existing cooperation and future possibilities of enhancing engagement in dealing with the threat.
Both the leaders also expressed their countries’ keenness to strengthen ties, with Mr. Netanyahu emphasising that he “believes that relations between the two countries were poised for rapid development” following his meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in September in New York.
During that meeting, the Israeli Premier had said that “sky is the limit” in terms of prospects of cooperation between the two countries.
Mr. Singh and Mr. Netanyahu discussed the regional situation and the evolving threats to the global communities from terror.
Mr. Singh said terror was a threat not only to countries like India and Israel but to the whole world.
Vowing to strengthen India’s “very warm” relations with Israel, Mr. Singh on his first bilateral visit to Israel said, “India and Israel share very warm and cordial bilateral relations. We look forward to strengthen it further”.
Fresh from his participation at Interpol General Assembly in Monaco, Mr. Singh told PTI that he also made a strong pitch for cooperation in the field of cyber security during his one hour conversation with the Israeli Premier.
Mr. Singh was earlier widely quoted in the press for highlighting the use of social media for indoctrination by Jihadi elements and the urgent need to device ways to curb this practice through the use of internet.
He also made a special reference to Modi’s “Make in India” initiative and invited Israeli industries, including the defence sector, to take advantage of the investment friendly policies adopted by the new government.
Expressing satisfaction at the growth in bilateral ties in a range of areas, including defence and agriculture, Mr. Singh noted that signing of agreements recently in the area of Homeland security had opened another sector for mutually beneficial cooperation.
Mr. Singh particularly emphasised on the importance of capacity building and training in this context.
“The future emphasis should be to build a hi-tech partnership befitting two leading knowledge economies,” the Indian leader said.
Both leaders also agreed that the Free Trade Agreement (FTA) under discussion between the two sides should also be signed early.
Mr. Netanyahu briefed the Indian Home Minister on technologies that had been developed by Israel in areas such as aviation security, border protection and water harvesting.
Responding favourably to Mr. Modi’s ‘Make in India’ initiative, the Israeli leader said that his country is ready and willing to discuss transfer and development of technologies with India.
“Israeli industries, including the defence industries, could ‘make in India’ and thereby reduce costs of manufacturing products and systems developed by Israel,” the Israeli Premier said.
The Israeli leader also expressed willingness to send a delegation from Israeli industries to visit India to explore manufacturing opportunities in different sectors.
Mr. Singh, in this context, proposed exploring together third country markets in Africa and Latin America, where Indian industry has a strong presence.
The Indian Home Minister earlier yesterday took a helicopter tour of the Jordan Valley and Israel’s northern and southern Region with National Security Adviser Yossi Cohen to get a sense of the security situation in the region.
Mr. Cohen had recently met Mr. Singh in New Delhi and discussed “common challenges” faced by the two countries and their solutions, emphasising his country’s “willingness to expand cooperation in all fields and in any level”.
Israel has extended a red carpet welcome for the Indian leader making several exceptions which are reserved only for heads of states.
Mr. Singh was also hosted by Israel’s Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovich on Thursday evening.

PM Modi in Varanasi  likely to announce mega projectsPrime Minister Narendra Modi launched his model village project in Uttar Pradesh’s Jayapur on Friday, saying it was the village that was adopting him and not the other way round.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugrates a trade facilitation centre for weavers in Varanasi. (PTI Photo)
Modi, who won the Lok Sabha election from Varanasi, is on a two-day visit to the holy city, his first after becoming Prime Minister. He was in Jayapur to launch the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana, under which every parliamentarian has to adopt a village in his constituency and remodel it.
“I have not adopted Jayapur; it’s Jayapur that has adopted me,” Modi said to a rousing reception. “The model village would become a model for others to emulate, when one is ready, the rest will follow.”
Calling himself a “sevak”, the Prime Minister appealed to the villagers to ensure their children washed their hands before a meal and to check the killing of the girl child.
“Female foeticide is shocking,” he said. “Supposing the male-female ratio is 1000:800. It means that 200 males won’t have a girl to marry. Let’s begin a new chapter; let’s celebrate the birth of girl child.”
Modi said it was the small and simple things that make a difference, urging the people to take pride in the village.
 
“You may think what kind of a PM talks of public participation in solving local issues, to take our children to polio booths, ensure cleanliness and the need to honour our elders or to celebrate the birthdays of our villages,” he said. “That’s the problem. So far tall talks have led to nothing. I want to do big things by getting things done the right way.”
He said those who were in a sudden rush to get villages selected under the model village scheme were wrong to believe that money is going to flow into such villages. “That’s not going to happen for this is a self-driven scheme, which doesn’t have any financial provision,” he said.
The PM said he chose Jayapur because it was the first village he had heard of after arriving in Varanasi.
Modi arrived at the airport located at Babatpur near Varanasi around 10:00am and left straight for Bada Lalpur village.
He will interact with the general public in Ravindrapuri locality of the city and hold a meeting with local BJP leaders at the guest house of Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW).
Modi is also scheduled to unveil a statue of Swami Vivekananda, whom he has always held as his icon, at Vijayanagaram Tiraha crossroad in the city.
He is also likely to visit a hospital situated inside the "ashram" set up by followers of spiritual leader Shri Anandamay Maa.
Security has been tightened for the Prime Minister's visit. According to inspector general of police (public grievances) Ashok Jain, 12 SP rank police officials of Uttar Pradesh, 18 additional SPs, 20 deputy SPs, 135 sub-inspectors, besides more than 1,000 personnel of the Provincial Armed Constabulary have been deployed.
The Special Protection Group which is responsible for the Prime Minister's security would be assisted by officials and personnel of the Uttar Pradesh police.
The Prime Minister's visit, which is likely to last a little over 24 hours, has sent soaring the hope of a better future among residents of the holy town, which has been facing crumbling infrastructure and lack of basic amenities.
Among the oldest cities in the world, Varanasi has been constantly in the spotlight ever since Modi chose to retain the constituency he had won by a huge margin of 3.7 lakh votes, vacating Vadodara in his home state of Gujarat where his victory (by 5.7 lakh votes) was even bigger.
(With inputs from agencies)

Unmasking Robert O Neill  the US Navy SEAL who shot bin LadenUnmasking Robert O'Neill, the US Navy SEAL who shot bin Laden
Agencies
New Delhi, November 07, 2014
First Published: 09:03 IST(7/11/2014)
print
A picture of former US Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill, who pumped three shots to the head of elusive al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden during a top-secret 2011 raid on his hideout in Pakistan . (Twitter Photo)
A decorated ex-Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill has been unmasked as the man who pumped three shots to the head of elusive al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden during a top-secret 2011 raid on his hideout in Pakistan.
The identity of Rob O'Neill, 38, was revealed by the special operations community blog SPFrep.com, The Independent reported, adding that he is due to appear in an interview with Fox News to be aired Nov 11 and 12.
The two-part Fox News programme called "The Man Who Killed Osama Bin Laden" would provide "an extensive, first-hand account of the mission, including the unexpected crash of one of the helicopters that night and why SEAL Team Six feared for their lives".
Tom O'Neill, the father of the Navy SEAL Rob, told the Daily Mail that he was not worried about the potential threat posed by Rob revealing his identity as the member of Team Six who shot the Al Qaeda founder three times in the head.
"People are asking if we are worried that ISIS (as the Sunni radical group Islamic State was previously known) will come and get us because Rob is going public. I say I'll paint a big target on my front door and say come and get us," he told the daily.
The veteran, who became a public speaker after his 16 years of service in the US military, was decorated 52 times.
He left as a senior chief petty officer. His decorations include two Silver Stars, four Bronze Stars with Valor, a Joint Service Commendation Medal with Valor, three Presidential Unit citations, and two Navy/Marine Corps Commendations with Valor.
He has reportedly decided to speak out after losing some of his military benefits because he left the SEALS after 16 years instead of serving a full 20 years.
O'Neill was one of 23 SEALS who flew into the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad on the night of 2nd May 2011, but the last to see bin Laden alive.
O'Neill, was last year interviewed by Esquire magazine, where he went under the pseudonym 'The Shooter'. He told how he joined the army at the age of 19 as a reaction to his then-girlfriend leaving him. In this interview, 'The Shooter' goes on to mention that he killed Osama bin Laden with three shots.
After the interview, a serving SEAL was quoted by CNN as disputing O'Neill's account that he had shot bin Laden with three shots. He said that O'Neill had shot bin Laden once in the head after which two more SEALs rushed into the room. They shot him in the chest when they saw him lying mortally-wounded on the floor.
O'Neill served more than a dozen tours of duty in active combat, including Iraq and Afghanistan, undertaking 400 separate combat missions.
He has been a part of many many profile operations. He was the lead jumper on the ship Maersk Alabama, which was taken over Somali pirates in 2009.
His exploits have already been portrayed on the big screen in the action flicks "Zero Dark Thirty", "Captain Phillips" and "Lone Survivor."
 
The revelation of Bin Laden's apparent killer comes a day after the head of the US Naval Warfare Special Command issued a letter warning Navy SEALs against breaking their promise to maintain secrecy after their missions.

Navy orders inquiry as vessel sinks off Visakhapatnam coast; 1 dead  4 still missingComments
About 18 hours after an Indian navy ship sank off the Visakhapatnam coast, an extensive search operation was underway to locate four people who are still missing, officials said on Friday.
A crack in the ship’s hull caused the accident on Thursday evening, where one sailor was killed, television reports said. The navy rescued 23 other personnel from the sea.
Navy spokesperson DK Sharma said admiral RK Dhowan will cut short a four-day visit to Seychelles to reach Visakhapatnam. The navy has deployed nine ships and a few aircraft, including helicopters to search for the missing personnel, he added.
The ship, a torpedo recovery vessel, sank while it was on a routine exercise to recover practice torpedoes fired by fleet ships. The navy has set up a Board of Inquiry to look into the cause of the mishap, the latest in a series of accidents that have plagued the navy in the past three years.
“The Board of Inquiry headed by a captain will go into all aspects of the accident,” a senior naval officer said.
Built by Goa Shipyard Limited in 1983, the ship has served the navy for the past 31 years. Sources said the average age of a ship is usually 20-25 years but there have been cases when older ships have continued to be in service for longer.
The navy released a statement Thursday night, saying there were 28 personnel on board at the time of the accident. The desired load of this vessel is a crew of about 13, but sources said operational requirements sometime require for more people to be on board.
Former navy chief DK Joshi had to quit in the wake of a series of accidents earlier this year, including a fire on INS Sindhuratna that left two sailors dead.
In October, another ship, INS Kora, suffered minor damage after it was scraped by a merchant vessel near Visakhapatnam.
The latest accident has raised eyebrows in the defence establishment since a naval ship is bound to be alert at all times when it is out at sea.

India v Sri Lanka 2nd ODI Statistics: Ambati Rayudus maiden ton  Shikhar Dhawans 10th fifty andmoreBy: Press Trust of India | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 7, 2014 11:47 am
* Ambati Rayudu’s outstanding innings of 121 not out off 118 balls is his first century in ODIs, outstripping the 64 not out vs England at Nottingham on August 30, 2014.
* Rayudu (a hundred, a run-out and two catches) has got his first Man-of-the-Match award in ODIs.
* Shikhar Dhawan’s splendid 79 off 80 balls is his tenth fifty in ODIs – his third against Sri Lanka.
* Shikhar Dhawan’s tally of 192 (ave 96.00) is the highest in the current series.
* Rayudu and Dhawan were involved in a stand of 122  India’s highest second wicket partnership against Sri Lanka at Motera.
* Rayudu and Kohli were associated in a stand of 116 – India’s highest third wicket partnership in ODIs at Motera.
* Century stands for the second and third wickets have been registered for India in the same innings for the fourth time in ODIs.
* Kumar Sangakkara (61 off 86 balls) has registered his 18th fifty vs India – his 87th in ODIs. His overall tally of 87 fifties is the second highest in ODIs behind Sachin Tendulkar’s 96. Jacques Kallis, with 86 fifties, has the next best tally.
* Eight times, India have successfully chased a total of 275 or more vs Sri Lanka in ODIs – the most times by them against an opponent in ODIs.
* India have won two and lost one out of three ODIs played against Sri Lanka at Motera, Ahmedabad.
* India have contested 15 ODIs at Sardar Patel (Gujarat) Stadium, Motera, Ahmedabad, winning seven and losing eight.
* Angelo Matthews has recorded his 23rd fifty in ODIs – his fourth vs India.  His superb unbeaten 92 off 101 balls is his second highest score in ODIs, next only to the 93 off 115 balls vs Pakistan at Hambantota on August 26, 2014.
* Matthews’ record, as captain, is superb in ODIs – his aggregate being 1357 at an average of 46.79, including ten fifties, in 46 matches.
* With 838 runs at an average of 64.46 in 22 matches, Matthews is the leading run-scorer in ODIs in 2014.
* Dhammika Prasad’s 30 not out off 28 balls is his highest score vs India – his second highest in ODIs behind the 31 not out off 21 balls vs Australia at Brisbane on March 4, 2012.
* Prasad and Matthews were involved in a stand of 54 (unbroken) for the ninth wicket – Sri Lanka’s second highest for this wicket vs India in ODIs behind the 63 between Chaminda Vaas and Dilhara Lokuhettige at Nagpur on October 25, 2005.

BSE Sensex slips over 78 points in volatiletradePrint
Mumbai | Posted: November 7, 2014 11:47 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 4:35 pm
Stock markets took a breather today with benchmark Sensex falling about 47 points in volatile trade, retreating from record highs, as investors booked profits in banking, metal and capital goods sector stocks.
After remaining positive in early trade, the Sensex touched the day’s high of 27,980.93. However, investors took some profits off the table at near record levels which pushed the BSE index to day’s low of 27,739.56. A round of buying at the fag-end helped to trim losses. The Sensex settled with a loss of 47.25 points, or 0.17 per cent, at 27,868.63.
Among Sensex components, 21 stocks including BHEL, GAIL, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp, Tata Steel and Hindalco fell.
In the previous session on Wednesday, the 30-share Sensex had ended at its all-time closing high of 27,915.88 after touching an intra-day record high of 28,010.39. Continued foreign fund inflows on government’s reform push amid hopes of a rate cut by the RBI had fuelled the rally.
Likewise, the 50-scrip NSE barometer Nifty, which had gained 14.15 points in the previous session, fell 1.30 points, or 0.02 per cent, to close at 8,337.00. During today’s session, it dipped below the 8300-mark to touch a low of 8,290.25. It had closed at an all-time high of 8,338.30 and recorded lifetime intra-day high of 8,365.55 on Wednesday.
Banking sector stocks saw a round of selling after remaining outperformers in the recent rally. Major losers were SBI and HDFC Bank.
Bucking the overall trend, shares in healthcare, realty, consumer durables and IT sectors continued their upward march.
Shares of DLF rose over 6 per cent after the Securities Appellate Tribunal allowed the realty giant to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 1,806 crore. Traders said market was in an over-bought position and participants preferred to lock gains at lifetime highs.
Sectorally, the BSE Metal index suffered the most by losing 1.27 per cent, followed by Capital Goods 0.72 per cent, Power by 0.65 per cent and Auto 0.46 per cent among others.
Globally, there was a mixed closing in Asian markets while Europe saw a higher opening. All eyes are now on the US monthly jobs report.
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,030.85 crores on Wednesday, as per provisional data released by the stock exchanges.

Profit a foreign concept for overseas carmakers Honda  Toyota  GM FordGeneral Motors (GM), Honda, Toyota and Ford are reporting huge losses even after having been present in the country for more than a decade now. (Reuters)
New Delhi | Posted: November 7, 2014 11:37 am
General Motors (GM), Honda, Toyota and Ford may be rolling out snazzy models and variants onto Indian roads every now and then, but all of them are still reporting huge losses even after having been present in the country for more than a decade now.
According to the latest filings made by these companies to the Registrar of Companies, ministry of corporate affairs, the accumulated losses of the Indian units of these players have jumped by 65% to R11,350 crore in 2013-14.
GM India, which has now been present in the country for close to two decades, is the biggest loss-maker, reporting losses of R3,847 crore in FY14, widening its accumulated losses to R6,587 crore.
While some companies took a hit due to slow sales and recall of defective cars, analysts said that the biggest reason for the losses is because most carmakers have committed heavy investments in both manufacturing capacity and marketing in order to challenge Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai, and with low volumes the break-even is proving elusive. The latter two together command over 60% market share of the country’s 25-lakh-unit passenger vehicles segment.
Gaurav Vangaal, automotive analyst for light vehicle forecasting at his, said, “Profits are essential to remain in business. This is a wake-up call for global manufacturers to remain competitive in India. India has a strategic importance in the global portfolio, especially looking at the long-term potential of the country. Global players need to carefully analyse their business model versus the market leaders.”
As part of its FY14 losses, GM India took an impairment of almost Rs 2,500 crore. Though the reasons for that were not quite clear, the company had been pulled up by the government for “corporate fraud” during the year, forcing it to undertake a major recall exercise for over 1 lakh of its Tavera MPVs, besides diesel variants of the Sail sedan and hatchback models. GM India, a 100% subsidiary of Hong Kong-based SAIC-GM Investment, has also seen its net worth go negative, leading the parent firm to recapitalise the company by infusing Rs 1,423 crore on conversion of a part of external commercial borrowings to equity shares.
“As per company policy, we do not disclose the financial of the company. We are also not a listed company in India,” P Balendran, GM India spokesperson, said in response to emailed queries about the losses.
Among others, the other US-based carmaker Ford saw losses at its domestic arm rise by 42% to Rs 597 crore and accumulated losses climb to Rs 2,360 crore. Incidentally, Ford is expected to start production at its second plant in Gujarat in early 2015. Japanese players Honda and Toyota also saw losses continued…

A perfect fashion statement for curvy women inwintersThe curvy girls are usually doubtful about what to wear and what not to wear and in winters, the options get limited.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: November 7, 2014 11:33 am
As the colder weather draws in, one needs plenty of layers to keep warm and cosy and the easiest and most stylish way to do this is with knitwear, especially for curvy figures.
The curvy girls are usually doubtful about what to wear and what not to wear and in winters, the options get limited. So why not play with some knitwears?
You can throw on a jumper or cardigan and they’ll fit seamlessly with your look and more importantly keep you warm, reports femalefirst.co.uk.
If you want a piece that’s going to be worn with plenty of outfits stick to neutral shades like black, brown, beige, navy and olive.
Motif jumpers are huge at this time of the year, especially when Christmas and New Year are approaching. Just try to stick to thinner knits as anything too chunky will only add to your frame.
Also, if you’re going for something quite loose fitting it’s best to balance the look with a tighter-fitting bottom half, like slim-fit jeans or leggings.

Senior Infosys executive pulled up for gender insensitivityAn anonymous mail purportedly written by women employees in a team at Infosys had alleged that a sexual harassment complaint.
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: November 7, 2014 11:28 am
IT major Infosys Technologies has unofficially acknowledged that it has reprimanded a senior consecutive in the company for “gender insensitivity” following widespread circulation of anonymous email purportedly from a group of women employees that a senior executive in the company had sexually harassed them.
Infosys officials unofficially acknowledged that a senior executive had been reprimanded for “gender insensitivity” but did name any individual. The officials however indicated said that the allegations in an anonymous mail did not involve sexual harassment. “We take every sexual harassment complaint very seriously and each case is thoroughly investigated. Swift and appropriate action are taken in all such cases,” Infosys said in a statement.
The company stated that it had set in place mechanisms for redressal of sexual harassment complaints in the company as mandated by the Supreme Court in the Vishaka case.
An anonymous mail purportedly written by women employees in a team at Infosys had alleged that a sexual harassment complaint had been filed before the Infosys board of directors against a senior and long standing executive of the firm.
“Even though the charges were serious the board had not taken action and is hushing up the whole case. Most of the people in our group somehow knew about this issue,” the anonymous email stated.

Same old story: Students of govt schools not likely to get winter uniformyetIllustration by C R Sasikumar
Written by Ifrah Mufti | Chandigarh | Posted: November 7, 2014 11:26 am
Come Monday and private schools in the city will switch over to the winter uniform, but students in most government schools are unlikely to get their winter uniform, which the administration is supposed to supply free, before month-end.
As many as 98 of the 108 government schools are waiting to get the uniform. Some of these schools, which had managed to place orders in time, expect the supplies in another 15 days. Vinod Kumar Sharma, principal of the government high school, Sector 34, said, “We have placed an order for other items of the winter uniform, but we have not received any bidder for jerseys. The suppliers will make bids for jerseys only after finishing with the other items.’’
Almost every school has floated tenders for jerseys four times, but the response has been poor. The schools will float the tender for jerseys again and the bids will be accepted until November 14. Then the bids will be processed and order placed. When the supply will begin is anybody’s guess.
School principals say the problem is that there are very few suppliers. Besides, the decision to give jerseys, which are being distributed for the first time, was taken late.
In the past, boys were given only one shirt, one pair of trousers, and one pair of socks, while girls were given salwar-kameej, or a shirt and a skirt, besides socks. The uniform is given to students from classes I to VIII.
The delay in distribution of uniform has been a persistent problem, which the administration has failed to address. A teacher at a government high school in Hallomajra said, “There are certain schools where the uniform, be it summer or winter, is always delayed.’’

Craving for Kadhi-Chawal Try making Tomato Kadhi for achangetomato Kadhi (Source: Ashima Goyal Siraj)
Written by Ashima Goyal Siraj | Angola | Posted: November 7, 2014 11:21 am
One of the most beautiful features of Indian cuisine is how one dish is prepared in multiple ways across states and cultures. India being a melting pot of cultures, together we make a beautiful potpourri, especially when it comes to food and its preparation. Kadhi is one such diversified dish. Every state has its distinct flavour and recipe. The common feature across all preparation, I guess, would be that it has to have a sour base. While in most preparation it is yoghurt based, I recently came across a tomato kadhi made entirely of tomatoes! One might say what would be the difference between a tomato kadhi and tomato soup. While it’s a great alternative to tomato soup; you have to try it to know the difference!
Tomato Kadhi (Tamatar Ki Kadhi)
Preparation Time: 5 mins| Cooking Time: 15 mins| Serves 2
Ingredients

Barack Obama wrote secret letter to Khamenei on Islamic StatePrint
According to The Wall Street Journal, Obama wrote the letter to Khamenei last month
By: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 7, 2014 11:51 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 2:04 pm
US President Barack Obama has secretly written a letter to Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei to seek his support in the fight against the Islamic State militants, a media report said.
Obama wrote the letter to Khamenei last month, the Wall Street Journal said.
“Mr Obama stressed to Mr Khamenei that any cooperation on Islamic State was largely contingent on Iran reaching a comprehensive agreement with global powers on the future of Tehran’s nuclear programme by a November 24 diplomatic deadline, the same people say,” said the daily, which based its report on anonymous sources.
This is the fourth letter that Obama has written to the top Iranian leader since coming to power in 2009.
“The correspondence underscores that Mr Obama views Iran as important—whether in a potentially constructive or negative role—to his emerging military and diplomatic campaign to push Islamic State from the territories it has gained over the past six months,” The Wall Street Journal said.
Two top American Senators – John McCain and Lindsey Graham – expressed their outrage over the letter.
“It is outrageous that, while the cries of moderate Syrian forces for greater US assistance fall on deaf ears in the White House, President Obama is apparently urging Ayatollah Khamenei to join the fight against ISIS,” McCain and Graham said in a statement.
“This is the same Iranian regime that has been complicit in the rise of ISIS by pushing a violent sectarian agenda throughout the Middle East,” they said.
The White House neither confirmed nor denied the existence of the letter arguing that it would not comment on the private communications between two world leaders.
“I’m not in a position to discuss private correspondence between the President and any world leader. I can tell you that the policy that the President and his administration have articulated about Iran remains unchanged,” the White House Press Secretary, Josh Earnest, told reporters at his daily news conference.
“The United States is engaged in conversations with Iran in the context of the P5-plus-1 talks to resolve the international community’s concerns about Iran’s nuclear program, and we have also discussed on the sidelines of those talks on at least a couple of occasions the ongoing campaign that is being conducted against ISIL by the United States and now more than 60 members who are part of this broader coalition,” he said.
Earnest said the US will not cooperate militarily with Iran in that effort.

Axar Patel  Ravindra Jadeja: 2 lefts  1 rightRavindra Jadeja (Center) faces some competition from the young Axar Patel who posses a much consistent line. (Source: PTI)
Written by Devendra Pandey | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 7, 2014 1:11 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 9:12 am
Rarely if ever in the last few years of international cricket has Ravindra Jadeja found himself in a place where he faces competition in the Indian side. He had edged past another left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha to make the Test side and the Saurashtra left-arm spinner has enjoyed an unchallenged run in all formats as MS Dhoni’s go-to man to rattle opponents. However, looking at the way the past few games against the West Indies and Sri Lanka have gone, Jadeja might find himself fending off some stiff competition before going to the World Cup.
Axar Patel, a spinner relatively unknown to the rest of the world, has been making all the right moves on the international circuit and given his showing in the last few outings, will not be denied the right to throw his hat into the ring in the run-up to the World Cup.
That he is as proficient a fielder as Jadeja and can tick all three boxes as India’s preferred spinning all-rounder, means he will be watched closely ahead of the Australia-New Zealand quadrennial.
Both spinners are in fact quite identical in their bowling style, save from the subtle differences like the way they end their follow-throughs. Axar has a high-arm action which helps him get some bounce off the pitch whereas Jadeja bowls more side-arm. They both bowl at similar speeds but Axar is a tad more consistent sticking to one steady line.
At the Motera Stadium, Virat Kohli picked Jadeja over the injured pacer Varun Aaron. However, it was Axar, who got the first preference to bowl after the pacers finished their opening spells. Axar managed to hit the length ball most times, angling the ball in and leaving batsmen in two minds.
Whiz-kid 
When Tilakarantne Dilshan looked like he would capitalise on the good start including 18 runs from an R Ashwin over, Axar got one to whiz in with the arm as Dilshan attempted to cut it and was clean-bowled. The 20-year-old local boy’s first two balls were bowled a touch back of length but his third was in place where any batsman would walk right into the danger zone in front of the stumps. Dilshan too had gone back but the ball quickly came in to leave his bails floating. His second wicket of Thisara Perera was one that was quick in the air hitting the pads before hitting the stumps. On paper, Axar finished with 2 for 39 but those two wickets were crucial for the Indians.
However, Jadeja, who came in after a few games’ break, was still looking to find the right length. The Lankans tried to sweep most times using his speed to their advantage and though they didn’t charge him, the visiting batsmen looked comfortable using their feet against the Saurashtra 25-year-old. Angelo Mathews swept Jadeja for three back-to-back boundaries.
So even if continued…

India lit up to celebrate Dev Deepawalipicture  others
India lit up to celebrate Dev Deepawali
Dev Deepavali (the Diwali of the Gods or Festival of Lights of the God) is the festival of Kartik Poornima celebrated in Mumbai at Banganga, Malbar hill on Thursday.  It falls on the full moon of the Hindu month of Kartika (November - December) and takes place 15 days after Diwali. (Source: Express photo by Pradeep Kochrekar)
Women lighting diyas on the ghats in Mumbai. (Source: Express Photo by Pradeep Kochrekar)
People bursting crackers on the occasion. (Source: Express Photo by Pradeep Kochrekar)
Ganga ghats are decorated with lamps on the occasion of Dev Deepavali in Varanasi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Devotees perform Ganga Aarti on the occasion of Kartik Purnima in Varanasi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Ganga ghats are decorated with lamps on the occasion of Dev Deepavali in Varanasi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Women celebrate Dev Diwali with magnificent display of lamps at Banganga in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Hindu devotees light lamps on the bank of river Yamuna during "Dev Deepavali" at Baluaghat in Allahabad on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
People light lamps at Shiv Temple on the occasion of Tripurari Poornima in Thane, Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Related

Movie time for Shilpa Shetty   Rang Rasiyas  Nandana  Randeepentertainment
Movie time for Shilpa Shetty, ‘Rang Rasiyas’ Nandana, Randeep
Bollywood actress Shilpa Shetty stepped out for a movie date with her husband Raj Kundra on Wednesday (November 5). The actress watched Punjabi film 'Chaar Sahibzade'. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Shilpa Shetty was casual yet stylish in jeggings, shirt with a colourful embroidered waist coat.
She tweeted: Enjoyed #ChaarSahibzaade a must watch not just for every Punjabi/Sikh but every Indian....3D  animated slice of history. Please see tweeto's."(Source: Varinder Chawla)
Punjabi veteran singer Gurdaas Mann was also seen at the screening.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Singer Sukhvinder was also there. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
In the other part of the city, Nandana Sen was spotted at the screening of her movie 'Rang Rasiya.'  Nandana looked beautiful in a black net sari. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Randeep Hooda, who plays the lead role of painter Raja Ravi Verma, was chilled out. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actress Deepa Mehta was smart in long boots, blue high neck top and black jeans. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Rahul Bose smiles. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Resul Pookkutty was seen nursing an arm injury. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Soni Razdan with her director husband Mahesh Bhatt. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sunidhi Chauhan looks nice in a printed maxi. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

PM in Varanasi; says global e-commerce market awaits Banarasi sareesBanarasi saree
(Pitching for modernisation…)
NEW DELHI: Pitching for modernisation during his first visit to Varanasi after the Lok Sabha polls, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said, "Textile sector gives employment to poorest of the poor. All sections of the society are integrated in this sector."
"After agriculture, if there is a sector that is generating maximum employment, it is textiles ," Modi said. Pitching for technological upgradation of the sector Modi said, "A huge global e-commerce market awaits our textile sector." "It is up to us to harness this opportunity and take Indian textile sector to a global scale," Modi exhorted.
"Your design, your work, your service - this is a great legacy we have in Varanasi. A big market is waiting for Banarasi sarees." "We need research towards technology up gradation. We have begun work in this direction. HRD is also important," he urged.
Praising the weaver community, Modi said, "Just like the way the weavers weave clothes, this sector weaves together all the sections of the society." "The people of Varanasi have made me their own. I am here with my people," Modi added.
PM Modi addressed the weaver community during the foundation stone laying ceremony of a Weavers Trade Facilitation Centre and a crafts museum aimed at uplifting the lot of weavers and craftsmen.
The weavers' centre would work as a centre for design and production of handlooms. It will also function as a platform for small weavers to directly sell their produce to big buyers, eliminating middlemen and increasing their profit.
Interestingly, majority of the weavers hail from the Muslim community, making intricate Banarasi zari sarees. Many OBCs are also involved in the ancient art of weaving.
Meanwhile, luck has already smiled on the Jayapur village that will be formally adopted by the PM under the 'Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana'. Modi will also interact with villagers and may make a short public speech. Modi is on a two-day visit to his Lok Sabha constituency.
(With inputs from ET Bureau)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys partnering with CeBIT to boost tech ...You are here: Home > Collections
Infosys partnering with CeBIT to handhold Indian tech startups
Peerzada Abrar & Evelyn Fok, ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 11.44AM IST
Tags:
(The company is partnering…)
BENGALURU: Infosys, India's secondlargest software services exporter, is taking the road less travelled in Indian services industry .
The company is partnering with CeBIT, the world's largest technology fair, to mentor and make strategic investments in tech startups. Infosys will be mentoring small tech t firms at the +91 a a startup challenge organised by CeBIT-which will make its debut next week in Bangalore.
"It is an exciting time to be an entrepreneur in India, and we believe India's budding start-ups are go ding start-ups are going to be a hotbed for innovation," said Pravin Rao , chief operating officer at Infosys. "We are partnering with them (startups) to address our client requirements, and finally , we are looking to make strategic investments where appropriate."
Rao of Infosys said his firm is actively engaging with start-ups as it believes they are key in filling gaps in existing value chains and in defining new ones.
"Our association with +91 is an extension of that effort, and we are excited to be involved," said Rao. "This is a fantastic platform aimed at encouraging the vibrant ecosystem of entrepreneurs in India and promoting them among global audiences." Named after India's calling code, +91 challenge will connect entrepreneurs to other entrepreneurs, global media, consultants, support programs, angel investors, and venture capitalists. Five finalists from the +91 challenge will get an opportunity to showcase their product and solution to a global audience at CODE_n, CeBIT 2015 in Hanover, Germany. It provides a platform for 50 promising startups from around the world to exhibit their business ideas and compete for the grand prize in CeBIT's flagship technology showcase in Germany. Started in Germany in 1970, CeBIT has been the staging ground for a slew of technology leaders including MobiDev, Dragon Dictation, Zotac, and Lantana.
From providing information security to helping large enterprises analyse huge chunks of data to find hidden insights and patterns are some of the technologies exhibited by the Indian startups at the event. Secure storage devices and Bitcoin trading platforms are other innovations that would be showcased.
"CeBIT India is all about `new perspectives of IT'," said Mehul Lanvers-Shah, MD of Hannover Milano Fairs India, the organiser of CeBIT. "The introduction of +91 at our debut event in India will recognize home-grown entrepreneurial talent, showcase them to global stakeholders, and inject a fresh round of vigour in the startup community."
Experts say over two decades, India earned a reputation as the global leader in software outsourcing, but companies like Infosys have realised product companies will be the next technology powerhouse . "We are hoping to be incubated by a company like Infosys," said Sumeet Sonawane, 27, founder of SysTele Solutions , a 10-month-old startup based in Pune that has developed a locationbased advertising technology product.
"The biggest hurdle we are facing right now is reaching to customers, and Infosys can help us to overcome that." Vignesh Hebbar, CEO of Bangalore-based tech startup Intellileap Solutions , is im pressed with the Finacle, a core banking software product developed by Infosys. He expects Infosys to mentor him on how to price and position his software product in domestic and overseas market at the CeBIT event. "We want to understand the pulse of tech industry through Infosys," said Srikanth Jallapuram, chief executive of Technovature Software Solutions .
"They (Infosys) have understood that the world is changing and customers are not looking at plain-vanilla services but cutting-edge products," said Jallapuram at Technovature.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MS plans to focus on  higher value  cloud of...Microsoft plans to focus on 'higher value' cloud offerings
Varun Aggarwal, ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 11.35AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(The company is working on…)
BENGALURU: The cloud market in India is heating up with the top four players — Amazon, Google, Microsoft and International Business Machines — trying different tactics to gain control over the still very nascent market here.
Microsoft, which offers public cloud services under the Azure brand, says competing on price can no more be the strategy for cloud and it therefore is working on additional higher value services on top of its commoditised cloud offerings.
Amazon, which has cut cloud prices as many as 45 times since 2006, is forcing competitors to do the same, in turn impacting profitability and forcing them to look at other avenues to make money. Google on Tuesday announced a price reduction for cloud services, but corporate vice-president for Microsoft Azure Jason Zander said the company will not cut prices unless Amazon also decides to do so again. "We do offer Amazon price match for Azure," said Zander. "But we don't want to compete just on price. We are therefore building a suite of higher-value data services on top of Azure." The higher value services being offered by Microsoft are mostly focused around managing Big Data and making sense of it through analytics.
"We are already working with a major Indian oil exploration company to analyse Big Data generated from thousands of sensors at the oil rigs and predict possible shortages. This is powered by Azure Machine Learning, which is a cloudbased predictive analytics tool," Zander told ET.
The technology giant, which is headed by India-born Satya Nadella, said it is also in talks with Indian telecom operators to offer a direct link to their local data centres, which will help in faster and more reliable connectivity for enterprise customers.
The service called ExpressRoute will make Microsoft's Azure cloud act as an extension to the telecom operators' own data centre, ensuring lower transmission delay and reliable connectivity. "Reliable and high-speed connectivity is one of the key roadblocks for cloud adoption in India. With ExpressRoute, we are trying to get rid of that problem," Zander said.
Some of the other data-based services that Microsoft is pushing on top of its cloud include Azure Data Factory, which allows users to consolidate a number of Microsoft Azure services, along with select third-party services, into a more easilymanaged analytics and data pipeline.
Zander said the company is working on many other highervalue offerings, which would work not only on Microsoft platforms but on various Linux platforms as well with the company's increased focus on openness.
Microsoft, for whom India is the fastest growing cloud computing market, sees a $2 trillion market opportunity for cloud services in India. The company said it is adding 2,000 new cloud customers each month in India with similar growth seen with SMB and enterprise customers.
IBM has already setup its first cloud data centre in India, giving it early access to larger enterprises who hesitate from putting their data in global data centres, partly because of government restrictions. Microsoft in the meanwhile is putting all its high-value services together until its India data centres come up by late next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Navy s Rob makes rival claims of shooting...Who shot Osama bin Laden? Former US Navy SEALS make conflicting claims
By Reuters | 7 Nov, 2014, 11.27AM IST
0
Share More
The claim by O'Neill, who travels the country giving motivational speeches, was countered by a source close to another SEAL team member. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Members of the US Navy SEAL commando team that killed Osama bin Laden at his Pakistan hideout in May, 2011 are making conflicting claims as to who actually shot the al-Qaida leader.
The Washington Post published a story on Thursday quoting Rob O'Neill, a former SEAL, as claiming to have fired the fatal shot that hit bin Laden in the forehead after O'Neill stormed into a room in bin Laden's house in Abbottabad.
The claim by O'Neill, who travels the country giving motivational speeches, was countered by a source close to another SEAL team member.
The source, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the team member told him the fatal shot was fired by one of two other men who entered the room before O'Neill.
The Post said O'Neill acknowledged shots were fired at bin Laden by at least two other Seal team members, including Matt Bissonnette, a former SEAL who wrote a 2012 book about the raid entitled "No Easy Day."
The book did not identify the person who shot bin Laden.
NBC News quoted Bissonnette on Thursday as saying: "Two different people telling two different stories for two different reasons ... Whatever he (O'Neill) says, he says. I don't want to touch that."
Last year, after Esquire Magazine published an interview with an anonymous SEAL member, now widely reported to have been O'Neill, who claimed to have shot bin Laden, other media outlets questioned the account.
An article entitled "Who really killed bin Laden," by Peter Bergen, a CNN analyst and al-Qaida expert, quoted a then-serving SEAL team member saying the story as presented by Esquire was "complete B.S."
A representative of a speaker's organization which says it represents O'Neill said he was unavailable to comment. O'Neill's page on the website of the organization describes his career as a SEAL, but makes no mention of a role in killing bin Laden.
Bissonnette's lawyer, Robert Luskin, acknowledged Thursday that Bissonnette for some time had been under criminal investigation by both the Naval Criminal Investigation Service and the Justice Department for possible violations of a US espionage law because he did not seek official clearance before publishing his book.
Bissonnette denies wrongdoing.

India seeks global e-comm tax rules ahead of..."We have submitted a paper... The principles have to be laid down and e-commerce may be covered," said Suresh Prabhu, the sherpa for the G20 talks. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government is pushing for a new tax regime for global e-commerce firms, a move that will come as a blow to several global giants that are taking advantage of the current rules to avoid paying taxes. India has already flagged the issue ahead of the G20 meeting in Brisbane next week, which will be attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
"We have submitted a paper... The principles have to be laid down and e-commerce may be covered," said Suresh Prabhu , the sherpa for the G20 talks. He said that taxation of e-commerce was a complicated issue as the logistics, production and consumption may take place in different parts of the globe.
India has raised the issue at a time when the world's 20 most powerful economies are discussing a new global order to tax multinationals, who avoid paying any levies by using complex corporate structures and tax treaties. While a formal launch to Base Erosion and Profit Shifting is expected to be endorsed in Brisbane, India is looking at e-commerce as a key takeaway, said an official involved with the dialogue.
While automatic exchange of information to help recovery of black money is the other issue on the agenda, India is unlikely to face any embarrassment at the summit despite New Delhi not signing an agreement in Berlin next week due to the Supreme Court's observation on the confidentiality clause. An official said apart from India, several of the "early adopters" have not signed the treaty so far. "We remain committed to it and there is time since we need to take domestic approvals," the officer said.
But a major gain for India will come in the form of an endorsement to the country's demand for lower charges on remittances. Prabhu said that in some countries, the charges were as high as 10%, which reduced the amount transferred by workers living abroad. "There is some understanding on a levy of around 5% and Saudi Arabia has agreed to reduce it to 3.5%, which will benefit poor workers the most," he said.
India is the largest recipient of remittances, which are estimated at over $70 billion, with a large part of the money coming from Indian workers in the Gulf, who send money to their families.

Offices like Myntra  InMobi and others get a chic makeoverOffices like Myntra, InMobi and others get chic makeover
Radhika P Nair, Aditi Shrivastava & Shonali Advani, ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 06.08AM IST
Tags:
(Startups combine it with…)
By Shonali Advani
Later this month, mobile advertising network InMobi will throw open its office in Bengaluru to anyone who cares to visit. Residents of the city, tourists, customers, family and friends of employees can all block a slot in advance and take a guided tour of the year-old campus that has piqued the curiosity of many.
"I have at least about 100 requests from people who want to visit our campus," said Rebecca Dleema, who oversees global cultural initiatives at the seven-year-old company that is one of several new economy ventures that are using their offices to build the company's brand. At fashion portal Myntra, chief executive Mukesh Bansal has for eight months now, closely monitored the design of the company's new office in suburban Bengaluru. The 85,000 square feet workspace will seat over 550 of the company's 5,500 employees. Unveiled in the last week of October, it has different sections designed after themes like high-street and fashion magazines.
"My intent was to create an office environment as a living breathing incarnation of an actual brand," said Bansal, whose company was acquired by India's largest online retailer Flipkart in May this year.
This focus on physical work space as a means to connect with employees, customers, investors and the larger community is gaining ground as emerging companies realise the benefits that accrue from it.
"Things like decor and architecture make a difference in people's behaviour," said Saras D Sarasvathy, a Professor at the University of Virginia, The Darden School.
According to a report by US-based real estate company CBRE Group, when a company provides a variety of work spaces that employees can select from, it leads to an increase in satisfaction levels by up to 15%. For instance at InMobi, the floor is peppered with clusters of informal seating, there are 22 conference rooms and lots of writable surfaces including desks and pillars that employees can use to collaborate and communicate on the go.
"The office decor exudes energy," said Mansi Jain, 29, an InMobi employee. "Everything from colourful desks and open office space to wall paintings by employees, give a sense of belonging and keeps the motivation levels high."
Nirmala Menon, founder of Interweave Consultancy, a firm that works on work-life issues in the corporate world, reiterates the need for startups to create a sense of belonging with its staff. "A startup may not be able to spend as much as a Google or an Amazon might but they can be creative. For example, ask employees to paint a part of office. This gets people together and showcases their personal interests. At the same time, a startup shouldn't go overboard. Beyond a point, results are diminishing," she said.
 
Decor, however, is just one aspect of the culture companies are aiming to build. Startups combine it with flexible schedules, ownership of projects and an entrepreneurial bent of mind to build a new culture of collaborative team-work, accountability and openness.
Companies like Zomato and FreeCharge are a case in example.
Employees at these companies don't have permanent seats or cubicles nor is there a demarcation of departments either.
"Desklessness ensures that we never slip into complacency or settle into a 'comfort zone' that can affect productivity," said Deepinder Goyal, founder and CEO, Zomato. "As a fast-growing organisation, things change rapidly on an on-going basis, and being deskless as an organisation helps keep us on our toes."
FreeCharge employees work in pods, that is a unit working on a single item and responsible for taking a decision on it. Each pod comprises of people from all departments.
"We don't give too much weightage to titles or functions. What matters is the problem or critical function you own in the company. We don't crucify people, but the problem," said Alok Goel, founder and CEO, FreeCharge.
George Abraham, former head of sales at Zomato for Dubai attests to this. "The people they got on board had high ownership levels and focus was on getting things done. Employees have imbibed this from the founders themselves."
The average age group of employees in these young companies is also low. At Myntra, the average age across the company is 28 years, while most people on the leadership team are no more than 40 years old.
"One of our core values is follow your passion that's not work related, be it sport, music or fitness. We started employee clubs two-and-half years back. Some are fairly evolved like Myntra Premier League, that's completed two seasons already," said Pooja Gupta, vice-president, human resources, Myntra.
The result of these decisions is reflected in numbers. Attrition rate at Myntra is under 5%, while the industry average is 20%. Its employee count has more than doubled in the last six months, and Myntra expects to add 50% more over next six months.

Here s how to get the best out of your appraisals this yearYou are here: Home > Collections > Success
How to get best out of your appraisals this year
Rica Bhattacharyya & Anumeha Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 03.04AM IST
(Annual performance appraisals…)
Annual performance appraisals are three-four months away for a large number of employees and it's time to determine what exactly you want to get out of the process. HR heads tell ET how you can get the best out of your appraisals this year.
Raj Raghavan
Country HR director, Amazon India
DOs
Make sure your self-review has data and relevant information, not fl owery language. If there was ever a time for active listening, this is it.
Be alert for vague feedback — ask questions, especially where you think the feedback is vague. Vaguely-worded feedback can mask important underlying issues and concerns.
Ask for areas where you can improve and be vocally self-critical yourself. Be upfront about what you missed so that can then be an area you will work on for the future. Try to keep the subject on you, your contribution to the company and your future in a relaxed and non-confrontational manner.
DON'Ts
Ask questions to probe and better understand what your manager is really saying, but avoid aggressively arguing because that tends to shut the other person down.
Sonali Roychowdhury
Country head, HR, P&G India
DOs
Employees must be able to clearly quantify and measure the success for the past year. For that, employees must have clearly defi ned objectives and must break them into short-term goals in order to effectively map progress at regular intervals. Appraisals should also be looked at as a constructive opportunity for both employees and managers to defi ne future success.
Ashok Ramchandran
Director, HR, Vodafone
DOs
Be objective towards your hits and misses vis-a-vis your goals. Understand the opportunities the organisation offers. Be prepared to work with managers to help set yourself up for success in the longer term.
DON'Ts
Don't finish your performance dialogue without a clear takeaway on your development. Don't lose the feedback and the message in translation. Be open and ask for support on specifi c areas that need improvement.
Anuranjita Kumar
Chief human resources offi cer, Citi South Asia
DOs
Meaningful elements to showcase are: thought processes you applied to specifi c projects, making use of the organisation's resources and tools, effi ciencies you bring into a system and innovation you applied to work. Mention how you have spent the year in building your knowledge base and skills to further develop your role and broaden your responsibilities. This displays resolve and focus. An important element to include is your own development plan. Your awareness of your own strengths and areas of development is a good indicator of the refl ection you have put into your own performance. Develop these insights by additionally seeking feedback in advance from your seniors, peers and team to help complete your plan.
DON'Ts
Appraisals do not need to be centered in the past. You must be mindful that your selfassessment is not a list of activities or tasks that you have pursued. It is about your abilities and development, along with your accomplishments and how you have achieved them.
Sandeep Kohli
National director, HR, Ernst & Young
DOs
Discuss short and long-term career aspirations. Appraisal discussions are not just about understanding 'How am I doing' but also about 'What and how am I supposed to achieve'. Identify skills and competencies required to be successful at your job. Be willing to listen and display emotional maturity.
DON'Ts
Don't have generic or subjective discussions. Discussions should be supported with critical incidents and facts.
Rajeshwar Tripathi
Chief people officer, automotive and farm equipment sectors, Mahindra & Mahindra
DOs
Be mindful of whether expectations have been clearly captured for the coming year. It is important to clarify expectations from managers at the time of discussions. Highlight soft skills — what you have learnt, how you have networked, and whether you have developed and leveraged and nurtured relationships. Managers are on the lookout for such competencies as well, and people are not preparing adequately for them.
DON'Ts
Don't emphasise only what you did, but how you achieved your goals. How employees tackle situations and their response to challenges is becoming increasingly important.
Prashant Sarin
India organisation practice head, Bain & Co
DOs
Make sure you receive your written appraisal forms in advance. It is important to set the right expectations for the appraisal discussion with your supervisor — to ensure you spend the time as productively as possible. The golden rule is that appraisals should contain 'no surprises'. Focus more on the action plan for the next 6-12 months, and beyond — rather than just a review of past performance. Take complete ownership of your work to achieve your full potential. In the best companies, successful employees volunteer for stretch assignments to accelerate the learning and career trajectory.
DON'Ts
Don't get defensive about receiving feedback. Getting your supervisor's candid views on how you're perceived in the organisation can be an invaluable input to dramatically improving your effectiveness at work.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Five ways to prevent colleagues from wasting your timeYou are here: Home > Collections
5 ways to prevent colleagues from wasting your time
Anumeha Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 02.58AM IST
(Getting some down time with…)
Getting some down time with colleagues makes one feel energised and engaged at work. But, constant chatter and interruptions could delay assignments and deadlines, leading you to become unproductive or callous. ET examines how you can prevent colleagues from wasting your time.
1. Plan Interruptions
It is important to constantly strive to build an image of a professional who is focused at work and disciplined, says Sanjay Singh, HR director at Cairn India. One could do that by limiting access to social networks, leaving work on time and through planned interruptions.
"One way to ensure better productivity is asking people to send an instant message and check out the right time for discussion and therefore have a 'planned interruption," suggests Mervyn Raphael, managing director of HR consulting firm People Business. Singh makes sure he lets people know he's busy with a smile and that he will catch them later. "It's important to catch them when you get some free time, so as not to sound inconsiderate and rude," says Singh.
2. Let Them Know Your Me-Time
One of Raphael's coaches, a sales director in a large corporation, had this problem of managing his time due to constant drop-ins. He solved this problem by letting all his reports know his 'me-time' of one hour in the morning and one hour in the evening.
3. Put Up 'Do not Disturb' Signs
Highlighting the busy icon on internal and other social networks will help convey your occupied state and put the point across. "One can maintain a DND sign on instant messenger and most people tend to respect this unless it is urgent or an exigency," says Raphael.
4. Shut Out the Noise
Research conducted among 1000 UK workers by Jobsite.co.uk, one of the UK's leading online recruiters, revealed that 70% of employees see their '9-to-5 buddies' as the most important factor in enjoying their job. While workplace bonhomie is crucial to make employees feel engaged, constant needless chatter can be cited as the top most source of non-productivity by recruiters. Signalling your isolation by wearing headphones, shutting doors, and going to a quiet corner or the conference room, will let people know you shouldn't be disturbed.
5. Set Expectations
Expectations can be set among colleagues, peers and with supervisors over time. Communicating the importance you attach to time, could help others become disciplined too. "This is can be done in a friendly, positive and humorous manner," says Raphael.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aadhar may soon be allowed as e-KYC for entry at airportsAADHAAR
(REPRESENTATIVE IMAGE:…)
NEW DELHI: Security concerns are no longer an impediment for adopting Aadhaar under the Modi government. After a nod to e-KYC (Electronic Know Your Customer) Aadhaar service for giving SIM cards, the Home Ministry now seems fine with allowing e-KYC for passenger entry to airports.
For a start, a passenger having an Aadhaar number can place his fingerprint on a biometric kiosk at airport entry gate in Bengaluru starting January and a display unit will instantly flash his photograph and other details to the CISF personnel for identification and allowing him entry to the airport.
Unlike the practice globally, passengers have to show an identity document to CISF personnel at Indian airports to get entry into the airport as security threats have been cited for such checks. Aadhaar card had been accepted as one of the identity documents. However, the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), CISF and Kempegowda International Airport Limited (KIAL) have now decided to also roll-out an e-KYC based application at the airport. UIDAI invited bids for the same on October 23. "This is on an experimental basis...if it works out fine, the e-KYC plan can be considered for other Indian airports too," asenior Home Ministry official told ET.
Security at Indian airports has been a major issue in the past but a senior Ministry official said use of e-KYC would in fact increase the security level rather than compromise it. "In paper IDs, there is a scope for the passenger to produce a fake voter-Icard to get entry. But in Aadhaar e-KYC, chances of fraud are negligible," the ministry official said. The Self Service Biometric Kiosk and the display unit for the CISF at the airport will be connected to an eKYC Server of UIDAI at its Bangalore Regional Office for instant authentification. "The service will be fully automated, and KYC data will be furnished in real-time, without any manual intervention.
It will however not be compulsory for passengers to use the e-KYC process and passengers can still show other identity documents for entry.
This is a marked change in the attitude of the Home Ministry to Aadhaar under the Narendra Modi government which has portrayed Aadhaar e-KYC as the backbone of Narendra Modi's "Digital India" project. ET was the first to report on October 21 that the Ministry had effusively praised Aadhaar in a letter to all states.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt asks UIDAI and NPR to complete Aadhaar enrolments by MarchYou are here: Home > Collections
Government asks UIDAI and NPR to complete Aadhaar enrolments by March
PTI Nov 6, 2014, 02.09PM IST
Tags:
attendance system
(UIDAI has already geared…)
NEW DELHI: In order to extend the use of Aadhaar number to various social welfare schemes, government has asked the Unique Identification Authority and the National Population Register to complete the enrolment of the entire population by March.
"The Prime Minister's Office has directed UIDAI and the NPR to complete the enrolment of the entire population by March," a source said.
According to him, the direction was given during a review meeting of the Aadhaar project last month. Earlier too, the government had advanced the deadline for completing this task to June from December next year.
UIDAI has already issued 70 crore Aadhaar numbers to residents across the country. Nine states, including Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Delhi, Himachal Pradesh, have crossed 90 per cent Aadhaar coverage, while 16 states have over 70 per cent coverage, said a press statement by UIDAI.
Aadhaar enrolments in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Uttarakhand and Chhattisgarh are going on at a fast pace.
These four states with a combined population of about 34 crore were added earlier this year to UIDAI's mandate by the government. Aadhaar numbers have been issued to 8.93 crore residents in these states, which is 26 per cent of the target population.
Over 25,000 Aadhaar enrolment kits are operational across the country as on date, including both camp mode and Permanent Enrolment Centres, with a total output of approximately 10 lakh enrolments per day.
UIDAI has already geared up its processing capabilities to achieve the targets and has the capacity to process around 15 lakh enrolment packets every day.
In the recent months, government has provided fresh impetus to the UIDAI by linking Aadhaar to various schemes and initiatives, including the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), MGNREGS , Pensions , Scholarships , DBTL , UAN (EPFO) , PDS , Passports , Attendance system in government offices etc.
Aadhaar facilitates "anytime, anywhere" online authentication of a resident through universal verification of identity based on the demographic and biometric information of an individual, eliminating any chances of duplication or fraud.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aadhar not mandatory for LPG subsidy under modified DBTYou are here: Home > Collections > Subsidy
Aadhar not must for LPG subsidy under modified DBT
PTI Oct 18, 2014, 10.11PM IST
(The subsidy amount will…)
NEW DELHI: Cooking gas (LPG) consumers will be able to get subsidy directly in their bank accounts from November 15 even if they don't have Aadhar numbers, as the government will re-launch the Modified Direct Benefit Transfer Scheme.
The scheme will be initially re-launched in 54 districts from mid-November and in rest of the country from January 1. The decision was taken at the Cabinet meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
"The UPA government had only linked it (DBT) to the Aadhaar platform. There were some legal issues including some court orders, which had prevented the effective implementation of the scheme.
"...therefore we have decided that in addition to the Aadhaar platform all those who have a bank account will also get the LPG subsidy in their accounts directly," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said after the Cabinet meeting.
LPG consumers who have opened accounts under the Jan Dhan Yojana too would benefit from the revised scheme. He said over 6 crore such accounts have been opened so far.
He said the scheme will be implemented in a mission mode and "alleviate the hardship of the LPG consumers faced by them in the earlier scheme.... This will ensure that no consumer is denied LPG subsidy for want of Aadhaar number".
The subsidy amount will be fixed by the government, he said, adding that all LPG consumers who join the modified scheme can receive LPG cash subsidy.
"Those who are still left outside the scheme, those who are neither have an Aadhaar identity or a bank account...the cylinder system will be still available for them for some time," Jaitley added.
All LPG consumers, who had already joined the scheme solely based on Aadhaar number, will start getting subsidy in their Aadhaar linked bank accounts after scheme is launched.
LPG consumers will get a grace period of three months during which consumers who have joined the scheme will get subsidy in bank accounts and others will continue to get cylinders at subsidised price.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets trade in red  top 20 stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Sensex recovers from lows, Nifty holds 8300; top 20 trading bets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 7, 2014, 11.41AM IST
Tags:
Aurobindo Pharma Ltd
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex managed to recoup some of the losses after falling 176 points in trade on Friday, but the bias is still on the negative side. The fall in the index was led by losses in HDFC Bank, ITC, TCS and RIL.
The 50-share Nifty index also managed to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8,300 after falling to an intraday low of 8,290.25.
At 11:30 a.m.; the 50-share index was at 8,315.15, down 23 or 0.28 per cent. It touched a high of 8,360.35 and a low of 8,290.25 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 27,818.10, down 98 points or 0.35 per cent. It touched a high of 27,980.93 and a low of 27,739.56 in trade today.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
India Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 124 and a stop loss of Rs 110
Colgate Palmolive India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1810 and a stop loss of Rs 1725
BPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 775 and a stop loss of Rs 750
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 274 and a stop loss of Rs 257
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Petronet LNG Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 220 and a stop loss of Rs 200
Shriram Transport Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1025 and a stop loss of Rs 949
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 163 and a stop loss of Rs 147
DLF Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 140 and a stop loss of Rs 128
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
ACC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1550 and a stop loss of Rs 1490
Crompton Greaves Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 180 and a stop loss of Rs 190
Bata India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1190 and a stop loss of Rs 1250
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Aurobindo Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1060 and a stop loss of Rs 1010
Glenmark Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 805 and a stop loss of Rs 767
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 473 and a stop loss of Rs 460
Kunal Saraogi, CEO of Equityrush.com
Union Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 206 and a stop loss of Rs 219
UCO Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 92 and a stop loss of Rs 86
Shriram Transport Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 990 and a stop loss of Rs 955
Ashish Chaturmohta, Head Technical & Derivatives Desk Research, Fortune Equity Brokers (India) Ltd
Lupin Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1500 and a stop loss of Rs 1375
Sesa Sterlite Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 235 and a stop loss of Rs 255
Glenmark Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 830 and a stop loss of Rs 760
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF surges 5%; SAT allows co to redeem MFsDLF surges over 6% as SAT allows to redeem MFs
PTI Nov 7, 2014, 05.28PM IST
MUMBAI: Shares of DLF today rose by over 6 per cent, adding Rs 1,407 crore to its market valuation, after the Securities Appellate Tribunal allowed the realty giant to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 1,806 crore to meet working capital needs and service debt payments.
After surging 6.59 per cent to Rs 135 in intra-day trade, shares of DLF finally ended at Rs 134.55, up 6.24 per cent at the BSE.
At the NSE, the stock rose by 6.31 per cent to end at Rs 134.75.
"DLF climbed as the SAT has allowed it to redeem Rs 1,806 crore from mutual funds," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
Following the gain in the stock, the market cap of the company surged by Rs 1,407.83 crore to Rs 23,975.83 crore.
On the volume front, 32.55 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while over one crore shares were traded at the NSE during the day.
DLF had sought permission to redeem money locked in mutual funds after being slapped with market regulator Sebi's ban last month that bars it from accessing the capital market for three years.
The final hearing in DLF's main appeal against the Sebi order would be held on December 10, prior to which Sebi and the company will have to file their replies with Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT).
As an interim measure, SAT has allowed the company to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 767 crore in the current month and further funds worth Rs 1,039 crore in December.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Financial Technologies gains 3% post IEX exitFinancial Technologies gains over 3% on exiting IEX
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 7, 2014, 10.15AM IST
Tags:
Commission
(The Central Electricity…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Financial Technologies (FTIL) gained over 3 per cent after Jignesh Shah led company willfully exited Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) by selling its entire 25 per cent stake to a clutch of investors, including TVS Shriram Growth Fund.
The stake sale is likely to fetch a little over 570 crores.
FTIL said the company had entered into a share purchase agreement with TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1, Kris S Gopalakrishnan, Lakshmi Narayanan, Rajeev Gupta, Dalmia Cement Bharat Power Ventures, Kiran Vyapar Ltd , TVS Capital Funds and Agri Power and Engineering Solutions for stake sale.
The Central Electricity Regulatory Commission had ordered FTIL to sell its stake after it was declared not 'fit and proper' to hold stakes in exchanges.
"The said transaction is subject to fulfillment of certain condition precedents including buyout of the application software and other technology for its own use only by IEX and regulatory approvals, if any. As per the SPA, the transaction will close within 30 days, unless extended by all the parties," FTIL said in a filing to stock exchanges.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 184.10, up 2.51 per cent, on the BSE. It gained 3.59 per cent to touch a high of Rs 186.05 intraday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s real GDP has doubled over the past 10 years: top consumer stocks to bet onYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Consumer stocks to ride GDP wave
ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 12.53PM IST
Tags:
CAGR
(Following the changed political…)
India's real GDP has doubled in the past decade from $700 billion to $1.4 trillion in 2013, and per capita GDP has increased from $650 to $1,200 over the same period.
Following the changed political scenario this year, expectations have risen that the country could again double its GDP over the next decade, said Barclays, in its report.
India is also one of the 40 countries to have crossed the $1,000/capita GDP threshold in the past 50 years. India's GDP growth rate, at 7.6% CAGR , over the past decade is also in the 90th percentile among nearly 200 countries. Barclays believes consumer-oriented sectors such as auto, telecom, private sector banks would benefit first from a cyclical economic recovery, before it percolates down to asset-heavy industries like materials and utilities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HeroMoto falls over 2% as Bain Cap sells sharesYou are here: Home > Collections > Trade
Hero MotoCorp falls over 2% as Bain Capital sells $200 million worth of shares
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 7, 2014, 09.38AM IST
Tags:
Bain Capital
(At 09:30 a.m.; Hero MotoCorp was…)
NEW DELHI: Hero MotoCorp Ltd slipped as much as 2.5 per cent in trade on Friday, after the US private investment firm Bain Capital sold $200 million worth of shares in Hero MotoCorp Ltd, with an option to sell more, according to a term sheet seen by Reuters.
At 09:30 a.m.; Hero MotoCorp was trading 1.9 per cent lower at Rs 2899. It hit a low of Rs 2882.60 and a high of Rs 2927.90 in trade today.
Bain Capital is selling nearly 4.3 million shares in India's biggest maker of motorcycles and scooters at a price range Rs 2,859.58 to Rs 2,963.30, the term sheet showed.
The Bain Capital arm selling the stake owned about 1.15 crore shares of Hero MotoCorp as of end-September, or about 5.77 per cent, according to stock exchange data.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MLAs could be omitted from AAP list in New DelhiNEW DELHI, November 7, 2014
Updated: November 7, 2014 11:55 IST
MLAs could be omitted from AAP list in New Delhi
Shubhomoy Sikdar
Tweet
PTI AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal addressing a press conference in New Delhi on Tuesday. Party leaders Gopal Rai and Ashutosh are also seen. File photo
‘Practical concerns, rather than an assessment of performance’ is what a source described as the logic behind taking "some tough calls".
Some former Aam Aadmi Party MLAs could be replaced by new faces in the forthcoming polls, party sources said. It is also learnt that the party’s final list of candidates will also have a few names who unsuccessfully contested the Lok Sabha elections in the city earlier this year.
‘Practical concerns, rather than an assessment of performance’ is what a source described as the logic behind taking “some tough calls”.
“Dropping a candidate should not be seen as a punishment. Practical considerations have to be taken into account in formulating a strategy. We are convinced that all our MLAs represented their people well but we cannot forget that much water has flown under the bridge . We have to admit that the perception of the people has changed to some extent, resulting in new political equations being formed,” said a source.
It is because of these changed equations, which have led the party to believe that more Muslims and Sikhs would be drawn towards it, that both communities may find more representation in the list of candidates.
Unlike in 2013, when the party had selected all its candidates through a rigorous screening process, the AAP has now entrusted its top leadership to pick candidates this time. However, a senior party leader said: “Even though we have not conducted the primaries, we have made detailed assessments of all 70 constituencies in the past five months. The findings will also cast a shadow on the list.”
Another source said that while during the party’s electoral debut, Mr. Kejriwal’s name was enough to secure seats for some candidates, their individual stature would also be a factor this time.
Then there are constituencies where the party will need to look for new faces. For instance, Laxmi Nagar MLA Vinod Kumar Binny quit the party and sitting MLAs Harish Khanna (Timarpur) and Rajesh Garg (Rohini) too have conveyed their unwillingness to contest again.
Even as the temperature in the Capital is dropping gradually, the party is sweating it out to replace some of the unsuccessful candidates from the last elections as well. Shazia Ilmi, once a prominent face of the party who lost marginally from the R.K. Puram seat, and Praveen Kumar from Wazirpur have left the party.
The party leaders said the final list of candidates is likely to come out in several phases.

