Flinto to enter B2B segment via schoolsUpdated: October 3, 2014 22:13 IST
Flinto to enter B2B segment via schools
Sanjay Vijayakumar
school
The firm has now raised $300,000 from a slew of investors
Chennai-based startup company Flinto, maker of creative toys for kids, will partner with schools to enhance its revenue stream through the B2B (Business to Business) model.
The firm’s product, Flintobox, has toys for 3-7-year old children themed around topics such as wildlife, vegetables, colouring, outer space, numbers and others, aimed at boosting the creative, cognitive, social and language skills of the kids. Every month, a fresh activity box is created with a new theme and sent to subscribers.
A box comes for Rs.1,095 each and subscriptions run from Rs.2,985 to Rs.9,540 for three to 12 months.
“At present, we are focusing on the B2C (Business to Consumer) market. We will now be looking at the B2B (Business to Business) model through schools, which lay emphasis on creative activity for kids,” Arunprasad Durairaj, Co-Founder of Flinto said.
The firm has now raised $300,000 from a slew of investors led by GSF, Globevestor and Asian Ecommerce Alliance GmBH and People Group. Mr. Durairaj said with these funds, the firm would be able to expand its marketing operations and tap the school channel in the next 6-7 months.
The firm has also tied up with Sun TV Network, whereby Flinto will design 30-minute creative content for Sun’s kids’ channels. The firm now ships 1,500 boxes to 230 locations in India.
Flinto is aiming at a run rate of Rs.6-7 crore this year and increase it to Rs.15-17 crore next year.

Having It All: Debunking 4 Negotiation Mythsreddit
It's common knowledge that women earn less than men for the same job. A study shows that there is almost an 8 percent difference in the salaries of men and women MBA graduates because women are asking for less. A lot of this lack of negotiation comes from women having fears and anxieties about initiating the tough conversation about compensation. After talking with a few of my female peers, I have decided to debunk some of the misconceptions women have around negotiating.
I can't have it all. Of course you can! You may have to reevaluate, strategize, and come up with different options, but you can achieve your goals. The key to negotiation is flexibility. Determine what is and isn't negotiable early on in the process. There are many things you can negotiate outside of your base salary, such as vacation time, start time, working from home, etc. Figure out what things your employer has to offer, then create your best, acceptable, and worst case scenarios. Keep an open mind and remain strong.
If they wanted to give me more, they'd offer it. No, no, no. Your employer's goal is the get the most qualified person for a position at the lowest cost to them. When you fail to negotiate your salary, you are literally turning down money. Every raise or bonus that you receive will be based on that starting salary. For example, if you start off making $35,000 and receive an increase of 3 percent, your new salary is now $36,050. Let's say you negotiated your first salary from $35,000 to $38,000. A 3 percent increase in your salary would put you at $39,140. It is only a $90 difference in raise amounts. But, taking into account that the higher the base, the higher the raise. Think of the possibilities with those excess residual funds.
I don't know how much to ask for. In this technological era, there are so many resources that will not only help you find out what the market price is for a position is, but there are tools  that will help you determine what your education and experience are worth in certain industries. Equip yourself with the tools to have an informed conversation about what you deserve. It is for exactly this reason that my consulting firm, Keating Advisors, has created the Know Your Worth Report -- a customized compensation report that gives you YOUR market value.
All I need to do is argue facts and numbers. Not quite. Other factors like timing, confidence, and your actions before you engage in the conversation around negotiation are equally, if not more, important than just the facts and figures. Keep track of all your accomplishments so what when you discuss your case to your supervisor it is a conversation focused on the mutually beneficial arrangement you already have established. Presenting information before budgets for the year are approved is also a good tactic to make sure there are funds and resources to accommodate your requests.
At the very core we have a system that perpetuates the mistreatment of women. As much as we would like to depend on our businesses and legislators to protect women from what at first seem like minor injustices, its time we take matters into our own hands and ask!
Keating Advisors offers comprehensive Compensation and Negotiation Coaching. For more information visit the Keating Advisors website .
Follow Kim Keating on Twitter: www.twitter.com/keating_kim
More:

CLT20 final: CSK should be the firm favouriteTwenty20
Sunil Narine’s suspension hangs heavy over the final of the Oppo Champions League T20. Sometimes, an individual’s value to a team can be overstated, but there can be no denying that when Kolkata Knight Riders meets Chennai Super Kings at the Chinnaswamy Stadium here on Saturday, it will do so without its most lethal weapon.
Since he first joined the side in 2012, Narine has accounted for over a quarter of the wickets KKR has taken in all competitions.
The Trinidadian has led the wickets column at this tournament with 12 — dismissals effected at a mere 5.30 runs an over. KKR’s success has largely been predicated on Narine’s ability to deliver four frugal overs; no side at the CLT20 has managed a total in excess of 157 against it.
So when the off-spinner was reported a second time for a “suspected illegal bowling action” on Friday, and automatically banned from bowling in the final, KKR’s chances of winning the competition took a nasty hit.
That is not to rule out the possibility of victory, however. KKR climbed out of a miserable trough in the league phase to win the IPL earlier this year; Saturday’s fixture will prove to be another test of mettle.
The strategy has been to muzzle the opposition with a spin-heavy attack: chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav, Piyush Chawla and Yusuf Pathan will thus have to shoulder greater responsibility now.
Their task will be far from simple against a CSK side that has relentlessly marched into yet another final. M.S. Dhoni commands a team loaded to the brim with big-hitting batsmen.
In the semifinal win over Kings XI Punjab, the side had appeared in trouble before Dwayne Bravo turned things around with his breakneck half-century.
Ashish Nehra, who at 35 appears to be experiencing a mini revival, and Mohit Sharma have been CSK’s stand-out bowlers.
Coach Stephen Fleming said last week that if the team’s bowling unit had appeared weak, it was partly because of comparisons with the batting.
CSK last won the CLT20 in 2010 and must be favourite to win a second title, worth $2.5 million. KKR, though, will hope its winning streak, now at 14, lasts one match longer.
When the two sides met in the group stages in Hyderabad, KKR won with an over to spare. Although it was Andre Russell’s blitz that secured victory, it was difficult to ignore Narine’s bowling figures: four overs, nine runs, one wicket.
Teams (from):
Chennai Super Kings: MS Dhoni (capt), Suresh Raina, Ashish Nehra, Mithun Manhas, R. Ashwin, Ishwar Pandey, Pawan Negi, Ravindra Jadeja, Mohit Sharma, Dwayne Smith, Dwayne Bravo, John Hastings, Brendon McCullum, Samuel Badree, Francois Du Plessis
Kolkata Knight Riders: Gautam Gambhir (capt), Yusuf Pathan, Robin Uthappa, Piyush Chawla, Ranganath Vinay Kumar, Umesh Yadav, Manish Pandey, Suryakumar Yadav, Kuldeep Yadav, Sunil Narine, Jacques Kallis, Ryan Ten Doeschate, Morne Morkel, Patrick Cummins, Andre Russell.

Alonso says all going to plan with his F1 futureUpdated: October 4, 2014 16:24 IST
Alonso says all going to plan with his F1 future
Reuters
Reuters Ferrari Formula One driver Fernando Alonso walks out from his pit after the qualifying session of the Japanese F1 Grand Prix at the Suzuka Circuit on Saturday.
TOPICS
Formula One
Fernando Alonso indicated his Formula One future was in his own hands despite Red Bull announcing on Saturday that four times world champion Sebastian Vettel was leaving to join Ferrari.
“It's very open. There are many possibilities. Everything is going according to plan and let's wait and see,” said the Ferrari driver after qualifying at the Japanese Grand Prix.
With Suzuka braced for a threatened typhoon that could lash the circuit after Sunday's race, Red Bull kicked up a storm of their own with news ending the sport's most successful recent partnership.
Principal Christian Horner told reporters the 27-year-old German was joining Ferrari, something the Italian team refused to confirm.
The announcement wrong-footed a paddock that had been expecting Spaniard Alonso to set the ball rolling after increasing signs that the double world champion had lost patience after five fruitless years at Maranello.
The 33-year-old has been linked strongly to a return to McLaren, the team he left under a cloud after just one difficult season in 2007 and who will have Honda as their new engine partner next year.
Professing himself surprised at Vettel’s decision, Alonso kept his cards close to his chest while indicating he was still the market maker with others dancing to his tune.
“The news as far as I know is that Sebastian is leaving Red Bull,” he told reporters at Suzuka. “The other thing is just a guess of everybody.
“I have still not decided completely. I have a plan in my head. I have my mind set for the last two or three months,” continued Alonso. “I have the privileged position because more or less I can choose wherever I want to go at the moment that I want to go.
“So being the decision maker probably some of the movements that we have seen now is an implication of what I am deciding,” said the Spaniard. “Let's wait a little bit and when I clear completely my last doubts I will tell you where I go.”
NEVER CONSIDERED
Vettel is likely to partner 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen at Ferrari, with the Finnish media adamant that their man was staying.
Red Bull have already filled their vacancy by promoting 20-year-old Russian rookie Daniil Kvyat to take Vettel's place alongside Australian Daniel Ricciardo.
Alonso, said Horner, had never been considered.
“Fernando is a wonderful driver, but our philosophy and policy is to invest inwardly, invest in youth and give youngsters a chance,” the principal told reporters.
“Daniil is a very exciting talent and it is an exciting new dawn for Red Bull Racing.”
With dominant Mercedes having both title-chasing drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg under contract for next year, and Williams confirming Felipe Massa and Valtteri Bottas, McLaren look to be Alonso's best bet.
If the Spaniard does return, mending fences with his former boss Ron Dennis, then Britain's 2009 champion Jenson Button looks likely to be the one who pays the price.
The most experienced current driver in the sport, and now 34 years old, Button is out of contract at the end of the year and likely to be overlooked in favour of young Danish rookie team mate Kevin Magnussen.
Alonso could also decide to walk away from the sport entirely, perhaps to concentrate on the new cycling team he is setting up, but he gave no indication that would be the case.
“I want to do one thing for many months. I want to win, I want to be world champion, I want to work professionally as I did all my career,” he added.
“I need to be happy. Many things that if you put together it goes to one direction and that direction probably moved the market as it is doing now.”
Kvyat's promotion to the main Red Bull team also leaves a vacancy at Toro Rosso and that could go to another promising member of the Red Bull young driver programme, Spaniard Carlos Sainz junior -- son of the former world rally champion.
Toro Rosso have already announced the signing of 17-year-old Dutch prodigy Max Verstappen as the sport's youngest ever driver.

New iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple InceventApple sold 13.3 million iPads in the quarter ended June, falling short of analysts' projections for more than 14 million. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | San Francisco | Posted: October 4, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 9:48 am
Apple Inc plans to hold a “special event” on October 16, where it is expected to launch its new iPads, technology website Re/Code said, citing sources.
Apple executives were not immediately available for comment.
The iPhone maker is expected to unveil the new iPads and the latest updates to its iMac line, the website said, citing an article published by technology website 9to5Mac earlier this week.
The sixth generation iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while the third edition of the iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch screen,
Bloomberg earlier reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
Bloomberg report had said that the Cupertino, California-based company will launch its next generation of iPads around mid-October as
Apple prepares for the holiday season by boosting its product lineup.
Apple sold 13.3 million iPads in the quarter ended June, falling short of analysts’ projections for more than 14 million.
Apple also unveiled its Apple Watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service dubbed “Apple Pay” in September.

Chit fund scam: Union Minister Jual Oram urges CBI to seek information from Odisha minister &MPPress Trust of India | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 4, 2014 9:00 pm
With Odisha’s minister Damodar Rout and Rajya Sabha MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra accusing each other’s involvement in the multi-crore chit fund scam, Union Minister Jual Oram on Saturday urged CBI to seek information from both the senior leaders for a better investigation into the matter.
“Both Rout and Mohapatra have been making allegations and counter allegations against each other over the chit fund scam. CBI should seek information from both the senior leaders,” Union Minister for Tribal Affairs, Jual Oram said.
Oram said this referring to Rout’s allegation that Seashore Group CMD Prashant Dash was close to Mohapatra for which he (Dash) got certain benefits from the government. As Dash was close to Mohapatra, the Ponzi Group CMD could utilise Mohapatra’s influence on the government.
Mohapatra was expelled from BJD in June, 2012.
Dash’s ponzi group could get management of 11 government hospitals and some cold storages besides running certain tourist places. Seashore Group also got 100 acre of land at Umarkote to set up a maize processing plant in Nabarangpur district. “All these could be possible due to Mohapatra’s help,” Rout alleged.
However, Mohapatra denied having any link with Seashore Group CMD. He, however, admitted that Dash had visited him twice, once to give proposal to set up the maize processing unit and another time before launching of his television channel.
Mohapatra also alleged that Rout made allegations against him in order to escape from the CBI net.
“I had been demanding a CBI probe into the chit fund scam. I will cooperate the agency, if it seeks my cooperation,” Mohapatra said while replying to a question on Oram’s suggestion to CBI.

One Army jawan killed  another injured in IED blast inJ&KPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 4, 2014 8:51 pm
An Army jawan was killed and another was injured in an IED blast in Balnoi area of Mendhar in Jammu and Kashmir on Saturday evening.
Identifying the deceased jawan as Sepoy Akshaya Godbole and the injured as Sepoy Shubam Khadatkar, a Defence Ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manisg Mehta here said that due were part of a “foot patrol” in the area. Both the jawans were rushed to the hospital, but Godbole died on the way.
The IED was suspected to have been planted by militants. The army troops have launched an operation to sanitize the area, he added.
Pakistani troops and militants have stepped up activity along the Line of Control. A girl has died and nearly a dozen others were injured in incidents of unprovoked firing by Pakistani troops and Rangers along the LoC and the international border during the past four days.
On Friday, Pakistani Rangers targeted forward Indian positions along the international border in Arnia sector. The BSF retaliated to the unprovoked firing by Pakistan which continued throughout night injuring some civilians in the area.
Earlier during the day, Pakistani troops had resorted to mortar shelling on civilian areas at Saujjian in Poonch district, killing a 17-year-old girl and injuring four others. A few houses at Gigriyan village were also damaged.
Sources said that Pakistani troops have restarted unprovoked firing on Indian side after a lull of nearly a month along the LoC to provide cover fire to militants desperately trying to sneak into the state from Pakistan occupied Kashmir. Since Monday, two groups of militants were reportedly seen moving on PoK side near the LoC looking for an opportunity to cross over to the Indian side.
The militants were desperate to sneak into the state in view of the coming winter season when mountainous passes will get closed due to snowfall. However, there has been almost negligible infiltration from across the border due to intensified vigil being maintained by army troops so far.

Bhuj court refuses extension of Pradeep Sharmas policecustodyPrint
Express News Service | Rajkot | Posted: October 4, 2014 8:27 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 8:34 pm
A local court in Bhuj refused  to extend police custody of suspended IAS officer Pradeep Sharma in connection with a corruption case on Saturday saying sufficient time had been given to Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) which is investigating the matter. The court, meanwhile, deferred hearing of Sharma’s bail plea till Tuesday.
Sharma was arrested by ACB on Tuesday and a court in Bhuj had sent him to five-day police custody. As his police remand expired on Saturday, ACB moved the court and sought extension of his custody. The prosecutor submitted that the probe agency required Sharma’s further custody to verify signature of his wife Shyamal and also wanted to conduct searches at the residece of the officer’s mother.
The ACB has arrested Sharma under Prevention of Corruption Act alleging the officer allotted land to Welspun Gujarat Stahl Rohren Limited in Anjar taluka of of Kutch below market rate in 2004 when he was collector of Kutch district. The ACB further claims Welspun returned favour to Sharma by making his wife Shyamal a 30 per cent partner in Value Packaging, another company which had long-term contract of supplying packaging material to Welspun. Value Packaging extended financial benefits worth Rs29.5 to Shaymal who in turn transferred some of the money to Sharma from her bank account in Rajkot. ACB suspects the veracity of documents provided to open the bank account since Shyamal lives in the US and had sought further remand of Sharma on this ground.
However, Sharma’s lawyer Ratnakar Dholakia raised objection saying material related to the case was already in possession of Criminal Investigation Department (crime) which was investigating another case filed against the IAS officer.  “The alleged offence in the present case was investigated by CID (crime) in an FIR lodged in 2011. We only requested and prayed to the court that second FIR is not maintainable. However, we don’t want to stall the entire process of investigation at this stage but drew attention of the court that certain material relating to the case was already in possession of CID (crime) and which was also submitted with the court at relevant time,” Dholakia told The Indian Express.
Sharma’s alleged connection with Welspun had come to light when he was allegedly caught by CID (crime) using a mobile phone purchased  the company and the firm had also paid Sharma’s bill for mobile services. This had happened while the officer was being investigated in another corruption case in 2011.
Dholakia also submitted a copy of an affidavit filed by CID (crime) in the 2011 case. He also argued that the Supreme Court had refused in 2013 to grant permission to CBI to register second FIR in alleged fake encounter of Tulsiram Prajapati since the alleged killing was linked to alleged fake encounter of Sohrabuddin Sheikh in which now-national president of BJP, Amit Shah is an accused.
After hearing arguments, Dholakia said, the court of additional sessions judge JB Dhandhal observed that sufficient time had been provided to ACB and there was no ground to extend police custody of continued…

Minister  AI differ over dummy grenade inplanePress Trust of India | Vizianagaram | Posted: October 4, 2014 10:11 pm
Rebuffing Air India’s attempts at a cover-up, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju on Saturday disclosed that a dummy stun grenade was found on board an Air India jumbo plane when it landed at Jeddah in the early hours.
The stun grenade, which had no explosive in it, was found on the upper deck business class of the Boeing 747-400, which was operating flight AI-965 on Mumbai-Hyderabad-Jeddah route, sources said, adding that the aircraft was taken to a remote bay, checked by the local security personnel and granted operational clearance.
“The grenade may have remained after the mock drill… It has BSF markings,” Raju said at Vizianagaram. The security drill was carried out by the NSG between September 24-27 at select airports and aircraft across the country.
Terming the incident as “unacceptable”, he said though there was no threat to passengers, “there is some failure and this lapse may not be condoned. Corrective measures have to be taken.”
His statement came hours after an Air India press release said, “After screening the aircraft and the object which was found to be a plastic wrapper, the Jeddah airport security cleared the aircraft for further operations.”
A joint team of Air India and the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security, which was rushed to Mumbai this morning, was investigating the incident and questioning those concerned in order to fix responsibility, said sources.
According to sources, just before landing in Jeddah, a box, wrapped in plastic, rolled out from beneath one of the business class seats. The cabin crew saw it and immediately informed the pilot who informed the Jeddah Air Traffic Control. On landing, the pilots were asked to take the plane to a remote bay where the security personnel took out the grenade and found it did not have any explosive, the sources said. The grenade carried markings like “Anti-Riot Stun Grenade”.

In state polls  Modi and Sonia shift focus toCentrePM Modi addressing an election campaign rally for the upcoming Haryana Assembly election and other party workers during election campaign rally in Karnal on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Kamleshwar Singh)
Written by Varinder Bhatia , Ruhi Tewari | Karnal/meham | Posted: October 4, 2014 10:10 pm
As both Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Congress president Sonia Gandhi kickstarted their campaigns for the assembly polls in Haryana and Maharashtra on Saturday, it was a role reversal of sorts as compared to the Lok Sabha campaign. While Modi highlighted his government’s achievements at the Centre, Sonia targeted the BJP for failing to fulfill its promises.
ALSO READ:  In Maharashtra, PM Modi hits back at Sonia, says Cong, NCP are ‘bhrastacharvadi’
Modi claimed his government had improved relations with China, Japan and the United States and got a road link opened to Kailash Mansarovar also. “The entire world is now looking up to India. Our country was always there. Why didn’t anybody talk about us so much before? Why are countries like China, Japan, USA talking about India now? Why has our nation’s respect and popularity increased globally? It is not because of me, it is because of all of you, who gave a stable government in Delhi. This magic has been done by all the people of this country,” said Modi.
ALSO READ: Narendra Modi seeks ‘Congress mukt Haryana’, clear mandate for state’s development
“If you want Haryana to be known globally, the first condition is that it should be a Congress-free Haryana, second is that there should be a stable government in the state, and third is that the state government should let Modi work for you,” he said in Karnal, urging people to ensure a BJP government in the state.
“Kailash Mansarovar was always there, pilgrims used to go there in limited numbers, people would get killed… The Congress governments could not do anything in this regard. We managed to convince China and got a road link opened to Kailash, which people can now use, “ he said. Modi also talked about his government’s Jan Dhan Scheme and Swachh Bharat campaign.
While he targeted the state government on “land scams”, Modi also attacked the INLD. In a reference to BJP president Amit Shah’s earlier remark comparing the INLD to “goondas”, Modi said, “There were times when goondas (goons) used to come to people’s houses, grab their homes, and extort money. If you want to get rid of such things, you need to give me an opportunity.”
Criticising Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda’s “Haryana No. 1” slogan, Modi sais, “Haryana ranks 22 in literacy, 18 in employment, 9 in GDP, 8 in per capita income… Who is responsible for these rankings?”
Meanwhile, addressing a rally in Meham, Sonia accused the BJP of “misleading” voters and failing to fulfil its promises after coming to power at the Centre. “During elections, some political parties use different ways to mislead voters. Less than four months ago, false dreams and empty promises were shown to you… What is happening now? Has inflation decreased? Is the price of each meal reduced for the poor? Are there more jobs? 100 days have passed, where is the promise of bringing back black money?” said Sonia, urging voters to think from their “mind and not heart”.
Addressing the well-attended rally, Sonia said the BJP was behaving as if no work had been done in the country since independence. “The BJP believes in taking credit for work done by others. When they were in the opposition, they made fun of our programmes and are now renaming all our programmes and taking credit for them,” she said, adding, “those who shout don’t speak the truth”.
“Those who practice politics of extortion, fear, caste and religion cannot give development,” Sonia said.
The assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra on October 15 are particularly crucial for the Congress, coming after its disastrous show in the Lok Sabha polls as well as the state assembly elections in December last year. The party is the incumbent in both the states that go to polls.
In Haryana, the elections also come in the backdrop of internal strife in the Congress with differences between state PCC Ashok Tanwar and Chief Minister Hooda over the selection of candidates, and the former reportedly even threatening to resign over the issue. The party, however, put up a united front during the rally with both Hooda and Tanwar sitting on the dais flanking Sonia on either side.
The Congress president was frequently seen talking to both while on the dais. Meanwhile, the audience, dominated by men, seemed to come to life mostly when specific references were made to the state during speeches.
Making a pitch for the Congress in Haryana, Sonia claimed the state had set a record in development under the Congress in the last ten years. “The Delhi Metro has reached Faridabad and Gurgaon. Soon it will reach Kundli and Bahadurgarh. Metro will reach Rohtak and Panipat,” she claimed.
“When the Congress party rules for five more years, Haryana will stand out as an example of growth and development and this work can be done only by the Congress,” Sonia added.

Sunil Narine will come back as a better bowler  feels West Indies teammanagerPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 4, 2014 9:53 pm
Former West Indies captain Richie Richardson came out in full support of mystery spinner Sunil Narine, who has been barred from playing the Champions League T20 final for a suspect illegal bowling action, saying he will return as an even better bowler.
The off-spinner was reported for a suspected action during a CLT20 match and was subsequently withdrawn from not only the CLT20 final between Chennai Super Kings and Kolkata Knight Riders but also from West Indies’ tour to India, commencing on October 8 at Kochi.
“Knowing the character that he is, he is not gonna let that get him down. He is gonna go back and work. He is gonna come back with a bang. And he is gonna come back an even better bowler,” Richardson, who is the West Indies cricket team manager in the current tour of India, said.
“These things will happen and it’s how well you handle these crisis that proves the strength of character. I know he is a very strong individual. Might seem very easy going, very quiet but deep down he is a very confident, strong individual,” he added.
Asked what advice he would give to 26-year old Trinidadian, Richardson said, “How do you know he is not in a very good frame of mind? Nobody wants it to happen to himself . Nobody wants it to happen to anybody. It’s unfortunate. He has just got to go home, think about it and come back.
“And I know that’s his approach, that’s his attitude. He would obviously be disappointed but he is not down.”
Stating that the team is confident of beating the hosts even without their ace bowler, Richardson said, “We just have to focus on what we have to do. We are positive even without him that we can play well against India and beat India. That’s the attitude we have got to adapt. Things happen in life that you have no control over.
“The most important thing for you is to always pick yourself up and go forward. Sometimes when you lose a major player, other players dig deeper, somebody else comes to the fore. And that’s what we want to see,” he said.
Asked if the team should have gone with two spinners Richardson said, “I am not the selector. Even when I was the captain I never got the playing XI I wanted to pick. At the end of the day it is a democratic process. The selectors have a plan. We just have to support the team.”
These things will happen and it's how well you handle these crisis that proves the strength of character

CCB nabs antique smugglers  finds three idols of Chola eraUpdated: October 4, 2014 22:02 IST
CCB nabs antique smugglers, finds three idols of Chola era
Special Correspondent
crime, law and justice
They are estimated to be worth Rs. 32 crore
The Central Crime Branch (CCB) arrested three persons and busted an idol smuggling racket on Saturday. Sleuths recovered three idols said to be from the Chola era that are estimated to be worth over Rs 32 crore from the trio.
The arrested — Ravi Sharma (50), Pundalik Kalbhant (28) and Sudhir Shetty (38) — are from Mumbai in Maharashtra and Belgaum. They were caught red-handed while waiting to deliver the idols to a client.
Joint Commissioner of Police (Crime) Hemanth Nimbalkar said that the three idols — one of Nataraja (dancing Shiva) and two dancers — are made of Pancha Loha (an alloy of five metals). He said that based on the stance depicted in the idol, they were able to ascertain that the idols belong to the Chola era.
The idols have been sent to the Archaeology Department.
Mr. Nimbalkar said that, based on a tip-off, CCB sleuths approached the trio posing as prospective clients and clinched a deal. The trio are suspected to be part of an international racket. This aspect is being probed, he said.
The trio have been taken into custody for further questioning to ascertain the source of the idols.
Previous cases
March 2014: The Sampangiramanagar police arrested Prabhakar from R.T. Nagar and recovered antique idols of Venugopalaswamy weighing 25 kg and worth Rs. 2.5 crore that he was trying to sell online. Prabhakar claimed to have got the idol from his associate Palani Chetty from Cuddalore in Tamil Nadu.
September 2014: The Chamarajpet police arrested Rizwan (21), a fabricator, and his associate Nagraj (28) from Andhra Pradesh while they were trying to sell an antique idol of Krishna at Sirsi Circle. The idol, estimated to be worth around Rs. 75 lakh, was said to be stolen from a temple in Anantapur in Andhra Pradesh.

Indian jihadist group calls for attacks on westernnationalsPrint
Germany announced last month to arm and train the Kurdish Peshmerga forces, who are battling IS militants in Iraq.
Written by Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Posted: October 4, 2014 10:36 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 8:16 am
Ansar al-Tawhid fi’Bilad al-Hind, a group of Indian jihadists based in Pakistan’s northwest border area, has called on supporters to stage attacks on western nationals, in an Eid message released online late on Friday. “If you are in the fortunate position to kill an American or European, whether French or Australian or Canadian, or other unbelievers who have declared war on the Islamic State, then do so,” the declaration exhorts followers in India.
The exhortation was made in a speech delivered by Maulana Abdul Rehman al-Nadwi al-Hindi — a pseudonym, Indian intelligence services believe, for fugitive jihadist Sultan Abdul Kadir Armar, a 39-year-old former resident of Bhatkal in Karnataka who trained as a cleric at the Dar-ul-Uloom Nadwat-ul-Ullema seminary in Lucknow.
“Kill the mushrik (idolators) wherever you find them… shoot them if you can, stab them, throw stones at their heads, poison them, run them over, burn their fields — and if you are unable… spit in their faces,” he says in the speech. “Target the security forces, the agents, and the helpers of the oppressors, cut down their beds (so they might not rest), harry their every moment”.
He adds: “Spilling the blood of civilians and soldiers are both permitted… (for) the blood of an unbeliever is like the blood of a dog”.
Indian jihadists have been involved in attacks on western nationals — the suicide bombing of Glasgow airport in 2007, conducted by Bangalore-origin scientist Kafeel Ahmad, and a September 2010 Indian Mujahideen (IM) attack outside Delhi’s Jama Masjid which left two Taiwanese tourists injured. This is, however, the first call by any mainly-Indian jihadist group to attack western nationals.
Ansar al-Tawhid fi’Bilad al-Hind — or the Companions of Monotheism in India — is made up of breakaway members of the IM, whose Karachi-based leadership is wanted by Interpol for a series of urban bombings that has claimed hundreds of lives since 2005.
In his speech, “Maulana Abdul Rehman” says his call is the outcome of western air strikes on the Dawlah Islaymiyya — or Islamic State declared by jihadist leader Ibrahim al-Awwad al-Badri in parts of Iraq and Syria. He pledges loyalty to al-Badri, acknowledging his status as Caliph, or ruler of all Muslims. “The Prophet established a state in Medina, just a few kilometres large, and it swelled to thousands of kilometres. The hypocrites and apostates fear this will happen again, and have united to extinguish the light of Allah to be extinguished,” he says.
“Rise, stand and defend the Islamic State, wherever you are… Rise and defend your Muslim brothers, whose homes, property and honour are under attack. If we fail, dishonour greater than all imaginable dishonour awaits us. But if we succeed, which with Allah’s aid we will, then our honour will be continued…

Magnificent Raina ends CSKs trophy drought with a tonUpdated: October 5, 2014 01:18 IST
Raina roars, CSK soars
The Hindu Chennai Super Kings' Suresh Raina celebrates his century during the final Oppo Champions League Twenty20 against Kolkata Knight Riders in Bangalore on Saturday. Photo: G.P. Sampath Kumar
TOPICS
Twenty20
Negi scalps five to restrict KKR to 180
There is little about T20 cricket, it appears, that fazes Suresh Raina. There is no discomfort, no hesitant shot-making, and definitely no restraint.
On Saturday, India’s heaviest scorer in the format clubbed a stunning 62-ball-109 at the M. Chinnaswamy Stadium to guide Chennai Super Kings to its second Champions League T20 title. Set a target of 181 by Kolkata Knight Riders, CSK strolled home whistling, posting an eight-wicket victory with nine balls to spare.
If Raina stood out for his batting, the young spinner Pawan Negi had earlier starred with the ball, taking a five-for in challenging circumstances.
One-way traffic
In pursuit, CSK lost Dwayne Smith early, but thereafter it was one-way traffic. KKR felt Sunil Narine’s absence sorely; no bowler was able to stop Raina. The left-hander got down to business early, whacking Andre Russell over cover. Piyush Chawla then suffered; he was struck for two sixes in the sixth over, before being dispatched over the sight-screen.
Raina raised his fifty off 27 balls, with a four through the covers off Suryakumar Yadav. Kuldeep Yadav, on the day he was called up to the Indian team, was then given a chastening foretaste of international cricket. Raina sent him twice into the second tier, in an over that fetched 16 runs. The chinaman bowler finished with none for 44 from his four overs.
Almost ignored in comparison was Brendon McCullum’s innings of 39, as Raina and he added 118 (74b) for the second wicket. M.S. Dhoni arrived with 54 runs needed and joined in the fun at once. Raina carried onrelentlessly, although he was reprieved twice — on 78 and 88 — by a KKR side that didn’t cover itself in glory on the field. Raina brought up his third T20 hundred off 59 balls, by which time the contest was as good as over.
Solid start
Inserted into bat, Gambhir and Robin Uthappa allied to raise 91 (65b) for the opening wicket. This was a partnership of few early risks, although it must be said that the bowling exerted little pressure. It wasn’t until the 11th over that CSK made inroads, when Negi had Uthappa stumped with a delivery that sharply broke away from the batsman. The left-arm spinner then claimed Kallis in his next over, but it didn’t stop Gambhir. The captain had begun cautiously but he quickly found his range, lofting Negi over long on, and heaving DwayneBravo — CSK’s death-overs specialist — over square leg.
When Gambhir fell attempting to hurry things up, Manish Pandey took over as Ashish Nehra bled 20 runs in his third over. It was at this stage, though, that Negi thrived, sending back three KKR batsmen — Pandey, Ryan ten Doeschate and Suryakumar Yadav — in the space of five balls.
There was little mystery about Negi’s craft, but the young Delhi bowler appeared in complete control, returning figures of five for 22. CSK may have felt things swing its way, but Yusuf Pathan went after Nehra, who finished with none for 54, as KKR posted 180. That wasn’t enough as Raina proved later.
Kolkata Knight Riders: Robin Uthappa st Dhoni b Negi 39 (32b, 4x4, 1x6), Gautam Gambhir c McCullum b Jadeja 80 (52b, 7x4, 3x6), Jacques Kallis c Nehra b Negi 1 (4b), Manish Pandey c McCullum b Negi 32 (19b, 2x4, 2x6), Yusuf Pathan (not out) 20 (9b, 2x4, 1x6), Ryan ten Doeschate st Dhoni b Negi 0 (1b), Suryakumar Yadav c Nehra b Negi 0 (2b), Andre Russell (not out) 2 (2b); Extras (lb-2, nb-1, w-3): 6; Total (for six wkts. in 20 overs): 180.
Fall of wickets: 1-91 (Uthappa), 2-97 (Kallis), 3-136 (Gambhir), 4-159 (Pandey), 5-161 (ten Doeschate), 6-161 (Yadav).
Chennai Super Kings bowling: Ashish Nehra 4-0-54-0, Mohit Sharma 3-0-27-0, R. Ashwin 3-0-26-0, Pawan Negi 4-0-22-5, Ravindra Jadeja 4-0-25-1, Dwayne Bravo 2-0-24-0.
Chennai Super Kings: Dwayne Smith b Cummins 8 (5b, 2x4), Brendon McCullum c ten Doeschate b Yusuf 39 (30b, 4x4, 1x6), Suresh Raina (not out) 109 (62b, 6x4, 8x6), M.S. Dhoni (not out) 23 (13b, 1x4, 2x6); Extras (lb-2, w-4): 6; Total (for two wkts. in 18.3 overs): 185.
Fall of wickets: 1-9 (Smith), 2-127 (McCullum).
Kolkata Knight Riders bowling: Pat Cummins 3-0-32-1, Andre Russell 2-0-14-0, Kuldeep Yadav 4-0-44-0, Piyush Chawla 3-0-38-0, Suryakumar Yadav 3-0-21-0, Yusuf Pathan 3.3-0-34-1.
Toss: Super Kings.
Man-of-the-match: Negi.

CDC Officials Meet Flight After Passenger Shows Possible Ebola SymptomsPassenger Who Showed Possible Ebola Symptoms Does Not Have Disease
Oct 4, 2014, 1:40 PM ET
VIDEO: Ebola Scare at Newark Airport
ABCNews.com
Share
Copy
A passenger who was taken off a flight from Brussels to Newark, N.J., today along with his daughter after his sickness triggered fear that he might have Ebola does not have the deadly disease, officials said.
United Airlines Flight 998 was met by Centers for Disease Control and Prevention officials at Newark Liberty International Airport and the passenger, who was believed to be from Liberia, and his daughter were removed from the plane by a CDC crew in full hazmat gear. They were taken to University Hospital in Newark for testing.
"After an examination by physicians at University Hospital, the symptoms of one individual were found to be consistent with another, minor treatable condition unrelated to Ebola," University Hospital spokeswoman Donna Leusner said. "The second individual, who was traveling with the patient, was asymptomatic. The two individuals will be released with self-monitoring."
A senior federal official said the passenger was exhibiting "flu-like symptoms" on the flight.
According to an official briefed on the situation, preliminary information was that the passenger was vomiting on flight but did not display most of the other symptoms.
Texas Ebola Watch Eyes 50 People, 10 at 'High Risk'
Other passengers remained on the plane while the sick passenger and his daughter were being removed.
After they were off the plane and it was determined he was not contagious, the rest of the passengers were allowed off, a source with knowledge of the situation told ABC News.
The passengers were required to give information on how to follow up with them if the need arose.
"Everybody was very calm," said Bob MacRae, who was among the passengers kept at the airport for about two hours. "It's just it dragged out for quite a long time without any real good answers so I think we would have appreciated more information as time went on but we didn't really have any."
There were 255 passengers and a crew of three pilots and 11 flight attendants on the Boeing 777-200.
United Airlines released a brief statement after the flight arrived.
"Upon arrival at Newark Airport from Brussels, medical professionals instructed that customers and crew of United flight 998 remain on board until they could assist an ill customer," the statement said. "We are working with authorities and will accommodate our customers as quickly as we can."
Get real-time updates as this story unfolds. To start, just "star" this story in ABC News' phone app. Download ABC News for iPhone here or ABC News for Android here . To be notified about our live weekend digital reports, tap here.
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

Health officials watching 49 for Ebola in Dallas; patient at Howard University hospital in Washington does not have the diseaseBy Lenny Bernstein October 4 Follow @LennyMBernstein
Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said the agency is watching more than 40 people as potential contacts of the Ebola patient in Texas. (Reuters)
Federal and state health officials said Saturday that they are continuing to monitor the conditions of 49 people in the Dallas area who may have had contact with Thomas Eric Duncan, the first person diagnosed with the Ebola infection in the United States, but none has shown signs of the disease.
The group includes nine people who almost certainly came in contact with Duncan — four in the apartment where he was staying — and about 40 others whom officials cannot rule out, said Tom Frieden, director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Because most people begin to show signs of infection within eight to 10 days, and Duncan became contagious Sept. 24, the next few days are a critical period in determining whether anyone else has the disease, he said. But he noted that the incubation period can extend for 21 days.
Duncan's condition worsened from serious to critical Saturday afternoon, according to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas. He is isolated and in intensive care.
Meanwhile, the District of Columbia Department of Health announced Saturday that a person admitted to Howard University Hospital  on Friday does not have Ebola. The patient is the second in the past two days to test negative for the virus after showing up at a Washington area hospital with symptoms of the disease. A patient at Shady Gove Adventist Hospital in Rockville, Md., turned out to have malaria, not Ebola, officials said Friday night.
The number of people being monitored for symptoms of Ebola in the U.S. is growing. Here's how the virus spreads and how contact tracing works to stop outbreaks. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Saturday afternoon, the CDC investigated a passenger on a flight that had landed at Newark Airport. The passenger, who was believed to be from Liberia, according to reports in New York media, had vomited during the flight, said a spokeswoman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which oversees the airport. Vomiting can be a symptom of Ebola infection, but also of other diseases common to West Africa, such as malaria .
The spokeswoman, Erica Dumas, said CDC and Port Authority workers met United Flight 998 from Brussels, which landed at 12:15 p.m., and removed a man and his daughter. The rest of the passengers were released at 1:50 p.m. The man and his daughter were taken to University Hospital in Newark.
University Hospital said in a statement on its Facebook page Saturday evening that "the symptoms of one individual were found to be consistent with another, minor treatable condition unrelated to Ebola." The daughter was asymptomatic, the hospital said. Both were to be released but will be monitored, the statement said.
The 49 people who will be monitored for 21 days in Dallas include some who later rode in the ambulance that took Duncan to the hospital Sept. 28, when he became violently ill with Ebola. Frieden said officials couldn't be entirely sure that they did not come in contact with the virus and will track their conditions.
The nine highest-risk patients include an unspecified number of health-care workers who came in contact with Duncan while he had symptoms of the lethal hemorrhagic disease but before he was isolated at the hospital. Another four were living in the Dallas apartment where the Liberian man was staying. The have been moved to a private home in another location donated anonymously.
In all, CDC and local authorities have assessed 114 people to determine whether they had contact with Duncan. Frieden stressed that the numbers in cases where such " contact tracing " must be conducted frequently change, as people remember new contacts or officials discover them.
A hazardous-materials crew arrived Friday at a Texas apartment where the U.S. Ebola patient Thomas Duncan stayed to collect bed sheets and towels used by him before he was hospitalized. (AP)
He said the effort shows that the public health system knows how to contain Ebola in the United States, using methods that public health workers employ every day against tuberculosis, measles and other communicable diseases.
"The way to stop Ebola in its tracks is contact tracing and followup," Frieden said.
Frieden and David Lakey, commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services, offered no clearer explanation Saturday for the system's most notable mistake: When Duncan showed up at Texas Presbyterian with symptoms of Ebola on Sept. 25 and reported that he had been in Africa, health workers there sent him home instead of isolating him. At first that was blamed on a failure of the medical records system that did not send that information to the entire medical team. But the hospital retracted that explanation late Friday night without elaborating on how the mistake was made.
Frieden said that news of the Dallas patient has created an expected surge in reports of Ebola symptoms around the country, with "well over 100 inquiries" about possible cases. He said more than a dozen labs are now able to test blood for the virus, allowing for a more rapid response to any suspected patients.
 
This post has been updated.
 

Citigroup  banking in Japan© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/d003cc82-28a1-11e4-9ea9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Media stage walkout at Shah Rukh press conferenceUpdated: October 4, 2014 15:04 IST
Media stage walkout at Shah Rukh press conference
Srinivasa Ramanujam
AP A file photo of Shah Rukh Khan
TOPICS
celebrity
Journalists were forced to wait for more than three hours for the superstar to arrive.
Turning the tables on Bollywood, media representatives in Chennai on Friday staged a walkout at a press conference attended by Shah Rukh Khan, after the star arrived more than a few hours late.
The error, sources said, was because of a miscommunication between two public relations' managers. Media were asked to assemble at 4 p.m. for a press conference at the ITC Grand Chola, slated to begin at 4.30 p.m. After what seemed an interminable wait, the star walked in only at around 8 p.m. The event was a fashion show for Palam Silks, cross-promoted with Shah Rukh's next film, 'Happy New Year'. The rest of the 'Happy New Year' cast are also in Chennai for the event.
Angry journalists raised their voices, and despite assurances from Shah Rukh promising exclusives with each of them, media personnel left the premises.

Head of Citis Banamex unit resignsHead of Citi’s Banamex unit resigns
By Jude Webber in Mexico City and Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/80bfc7da-4b19-11e4-8a0e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Citigroup curbs Napier Park capital linksNapier Park nears independence as Citigroup withdraws capital
By Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c5f4cebc-1113-11e4-94f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CNN Host s Outrageous Comments About Islamreddit
Recently, author Reza Aslan got a little heated on CNN over some rather sweepingly hostile generalizations Bill Maher made about Islam, as well as some questions about Islam's supposed propensity towards violence.
On Thursday, CNN's Chris Cuomo said Aslan's "tone" was an example of why people are scared of Muslims in the first place.
"He wound up kind of demonstrating what people are fearful about when they think of the faith in the first place, which is the hostility of it," he said, as though responding verbally to attacks on your religion is some sort of wild-eyed practice.
"The Muslim world is responsible for a really big part of religious extremism right now," Cuomo continued. "And they are unusually violent. They're unusually barbaric in the places where it is happening. And it's happening there more there than it is in other places. Do you therefore want to generalize? Of course not. But you do want to call a situation what it is."
While he talked, the chyron beneath him read "IS ISLAM VIOLENT? OR PEACEFUL?"

Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers says team in transition periodThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India should aim $40b gold jewellery exports by 2020: WGCThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Standoffs get ugly at Hong Kong democracy protestsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Minister contradicts AI  says object found on PM s plane stun grenadeComments
A dummy stun grenade was found on Saturday aboard an Air India Boeing 747 aircraft, one of two standby planes for Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent US visit.
As it turned out, the fake grenade had been used by the National Security Guard (NSG) for an ‘aircraft intervention drill’ a day after the PM’s departure, when the plane was released for commercial use and flown to Mumbai.
But given that such a lapse took place on an aircraft that was to serve as a replacement for Air India One if the need arose, the incident has exposed a gaping hole in the country’s aviation safety.
After its release to Air India on September 25, the double-decker plane flew on the Mumbai-Hyderabad-Jeddah route on Friday and landed in the Saudi Arabian city early Saturday, when the discovery was made by cabin crew.
In response, Air India dismissed the “suspicious object” found on the upper deck of business class as a “plastic wrapper”, and also denied the plane was a stand by aircraft for the PM.
But late evening, civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju confirmed the discovery of the empty stun grenade, calling the incident a “serious security failure”.
The government suspended four AI employees, including security managers at Mumbai and Hyderabad airports, and appointed a high-level inquiry committee chaired by AI’s joint managing director Nasir Ali. Ground-handling officers and security supervisors could also face strict action.
The NSG has said it will probe the matter. “We have ordered an inquiry to see how even an empty casing of a stun grenade, which was without any explosive material, was left behind,” said a senior NSG official. The Special Protection Group, responsible for the PM’s security, will also look into the incident.
No actual weapons or explosives are used in such drills, a senior security official said. In fact, the NSG — the country’s elite anti-hijacking and anti-terror commando force — gives a certificate to AI saying no live ammunition will be used.
The 747’s crew noticed the grenade as it rolled out from beneath one of the seats.
The pilots informed Jeddah air traffic control and the plane was moved to a remote bay for checks. “Had it come to light when the plane was airborne, it would have led to force-landing, resulting in a mid-air scare,” said a security source.
The grenade carried the marking ‘anti-riot stun grenade’ and was produced at the BSF’s Tekanpur-based Tear Smoke Unit.
In Vizianagaram in Andhra Pradesh, the civil aviation minister said, “Corrective measures must be taken. The incident must not be repeated.”

Indian-American professor Thomas Kailath wins National Medal of ScienceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Day of reckoning for UK payday lendersDay of reckoning for UK payday lenders
By Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/805ecac6-4b09-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Turkey clashes with US over role in rise of ISISTurkey clashes with US over rise of Isis
By Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f59ae30-4bb3-11e4-a292-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

One Army jawan killed  another injured in IED blast in J&KPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 4, 2014 8:51 pm
An Army jawan was killed and another was injured in an IED blast in Balnoi area of Mendhar in Jammu and Kashmir on Saturday evening.
Identifying the deceased jawan as Sepoy Akshaya Godbole and the injured as Sepoy Shubam Khadatkar, a Defence Ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manisg Mehta here said that due were part of a “foot patrol” in the area. Both the jawans were rushed to the hospital, but Godbole died on the way.
The IED was suspected to have been planted by militants. The army troops have launched an operation to sanitize the area, he added.
Pakistani troops and militants have stepped up activity along the Line of Control. A girl has died and nearly a dozen others were injured in incidents of unprovoked firing by Pakistani troops and Rangers along the LoC and the international border during the past four days.
On Friday, Pakistani Rangers targeted forward Indian positions along the international border in Arnia sector. The BSF retaliated to the unprovoked firing by Pakistan which continued throughout night injuring some civilians in the area.
Earlier during the day, Pakistani troops had resorted to mortar shelling on civilian areas at Saujjian in Poonch district, killing a 17-year-old girl and injuring four others. A few houses at Gigriyan village were also damaged.
Sources said that Pakistani troops have restarted unprovoked firing on Indian side after a lull of nearly a month along the LoC to provide cover fire to militants desperately trying to sneak into the state from Pakistan occupied Kashmir. Since Monday, two groups of militants were reportedly seen moving on PoK side near the LoC looking for an opportunity to cross over to the Indian side.
The militants were desperate to sneak into the state in view of the coming winter season when mountainous passes will get closed due to snowfall. However, there has been almost negligible infiltration from across the border due to intensified vigil being maintained by army troops so far.

Bhuj court refuses extension of Pradeep Sharmas police custodyPrint
Express News Service | Rajkot | Posted: October 4, 2014 8:27 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 8:34 pm
A local court in Bhuj refused  to extend police custody of suspended IAS officer Pradeep Sharma in connection with a corruption case on Saturday saying sufficient time had been given to Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) which is investigating the matter. The court, meanwhile, deferred hearing of Sharma’s bail plea till Tuesday.
Sharma was arrested by ACB on Tuesday and a court in Bhuj had sent him to five-day police custody. As his police remand expired on Saturday, ACB moved the court and sought extension of his custody. The prosecutor submitted that the probe agency required Sharma’s further custody to verify signature of his wife Shyamal and also wanted to conduct searches at the residece of the officer’s mother.
The ACB has arrested Sharma under Prevention of Corruption Act alleging the officer allotted land to Welspun Gujarat Stahl Rohren Limited in Anjar taluka of of Kutch below market rate in 2004 when he was collector of Kutch district. The ACB further claims Welspun returned favour to Sharma by making his wife Shyamal a 30 per cent partner in Value Packaging, another company which had long-term contract of supplying packaging material to Welspun. Value Packaging extended financial benefits worth Rs29.5 to Shaymal who in turn transferred some of the money to Sharma from her bank account in Rajkot. ACB suspects the veracity of documents provided to open the bank account since Shyamal lives in the US and had sought further remand of Sharma on this ground.
However, Sharma’s lawyer Ratnakar Dholakia raised objection saying material related to the case was already in possession of Criminal Investigation Department (crime) which was investigating another case filed against the IAS officer.  “The alleged offence in the present case was investigated by CID (crime) in an FIR lodged in 2011. We only requested and prayed to the court that second FIR is not maintainable. However, we don’t want to stall the entire process of investigation at this stage but drew attention of the court that certain material relating to the case was already in possession of CID (crime) and which was also submitted with the court at relevant time,” Dholakia told The Indian Express.
Sharma’s alleged connection with Welspun had come to light when he was allegedly caught by CID (crime) using a mobile phone purchased  the company and the firm had also paid Sharma’s bill for mobile services. This had happened while the officer was being investigated in another corruption case in 2011.
Dholakia also submitted a copy of an affidavit filed by CID (crime) in the 2011 case. He also argued that the Supreme Court had refused in 2013 to grant permission to CBI to register second FIR in alleged fake encounter of Tulsiram Prajapati since the alleged killing was linked to alleged fake encounter of Sohrabuddin Sheikh in which now-national president of BJP, Amit Shah is an accused.
After hearing arguments, Dholakia said, the court of additional sessions judge JB Dhandhal observed that sufficient time had been provided to ACB and there was no ground to extend police custody of continued…

Convicted AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa keeping good health; no need for any panic: Official0
0
Bangalore: AIADMK supremo and former Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa, who is lodged in Parapana Agrahara prison after being convicted in an illegal assets case is keeping good health and there was no need for any panic, a top Karnataka police official said on Saturday.
"I appeal to the people of Tamil Nadu not to panic. Madam Jayalalithaa is keeping good health," DIG of Prisons M Jaisimha said, seeking to scotch speculations about her well being.
Her blood pressure and sugar levels are normal, he said.
Jayalalithaa was convicted and sentenced to four years in prison and slapped with a fine of Rs 100 crore by a Bangalore special court judge.
#j jayalalithaa #aiadmk #jayalalithaa health #bangalore prison
The DIG also denied reports that Jayalalithaa has been shifted to a hospital. "There is no truth in it - it is absolutely hogwash," he said.
Jaisimha said the AIADMK leader is also being looked after by her friend Sasikala and Elavarasi, the latter's relative, who are lodged in the same women's barracks.
On her prison routine, he said Jayalalithaa eats simple food as per doctors' advice, besides reading newspapers. "She eats brown bread, milk, biscuits, fruits and chappatis, if she demands," he said.
She also regularly reads three English dailies every day, he said.
The DIG said Jayalalithaa has not met anybody so far.
Jayalalithaa was convicted and sentenced to four years in prison and slapped with a fine of Rs 100 crore on September 27 by a Bangalore special court judge, who found her guilty in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets.
15

DA case: Shift Jayalalithaa to Tamil Nadu  suggests HD Deve Gowda5
0
Bangalore: Former Prime Minister HD Deve Gowda on Saturday suggested that AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa, lodged at Parappana Agrahara prison after being convicted in an illegal assets case, be shifted to Tamil Nadu as it was a burden for the state to manage the large number of protestors and also maintain law and order.
"I only appeal to the state government...Let the former chief minister (Jayalalithaa) be transferred to Tamil Nadu," he said.
"...every day a huge number of people are coming here and protesting, every day we have to manage them by deploying special police force, along with maintaining law and order here... why should we take this burden?"
A special court had convicted Jayalalithaa and sentenced her to four years in prison, besides imposing a Rs 100 crore fine on her.
#j jayalalithaa #tamil nadu #karnataka #bangalore
"Whether bail is given or not, we have nothing to do with it. It is a judicial matter....why do we want this?" he asked.
A special court here had on September 27 convicted Jayalalithaa and sentenced her to four years in prison, besides imposing a Rs 100 crore fine on her.
Gowda also said the court was specially appointed for this case and cannot give bail now. "Let them go and appeal in whichever court they want... what do we have do with it?" Jayalalithaa's plea for immediate bail in the case and suspension of the four-year sentence will come up in the Karnataka High Court on October 7.
17

Magnificent Raina ends CSK s trophy drought with a tonprint
Suresh Raina has been in imperious form of late and his explosive, unbeaten 109 shut out Kolkata Knight Riders and gave Chennai Super Kings their second Champions League T20 title.
The IPL champions, having had to come to terms with the absence of match-winning spinner Sunil Narine, still would have backed themselves after skipper Gautam Gambhir’s 80 lifted them to a challenging 180. But the success of CSK left-arm spinner Pawan Negi, who captured five for 22 to hold back KKR, would have left Gambhir and Co wishing they had Narine to provide a fitting answer.
But there was little that could have stopped Raina. He played an array of shots, with power and authority to make light of the target, in the end winning by eight wickets with nine balls to spare.
Suresh Raina plays a shot during the CLT20 final match against Kolkata Knight Riders at Chinnaswamy Satdium in Bengaluru. (PTI Photo)
Dwayne Smith fell early, to a brilliant slow yorker from Pat Cummins. Coming in at No 3, Raina drove through his pet widish long off area and pulled imperiously through mid-wicket. Kuldeep Yadav could hardly find anything to celebrate his India call up.
Raina’s fifty came off just 27 balls at the other end.
Running well
Picking singles and a series of doubles, Raina-McCullum pair notched up the 100 partnership in 66 balls. McCullum fell for 39, but skipper MS Dhoni in a surprise move promoted himself to No 4. Raina raced to his century in 59 balls. It was laced with six fours and seven sixes.
With the dew a concern, CSK asked KKR to bat first. KKR started with a huge handicap. Still, their huddle had one main focus: Let’s do it for Narine.
KKR bowler Pat Cummins being congratulated by team-mates after he dismissed Dwayne Smith. (Ajay Aggarwal/HT Photo)
Gambhir’s run of not finding gaps finally ended with a crunchy drive through mid-wicket and later a hook off Mohit Sharma. At the other end, Robin Uthappa, spurred by his home crowd, caressed one straight past Mohit Sharma. The opening pair raised 91 runs before Pawan Negi had Uthappa stumped. Jacques Kallis lasted just four balls as Negi had him caught at deep cover.
Solid knock
Gambhir, before being caught at long off, had inspired the team with a solid 80 off 52 balls, including seven fours and three sixes.
Manish Pandey and Yusuf Pathan promised a formidable total. Pandey was severe on Ashish Nehra, hitting two sixes and a four to collect 19 runs in the 18th over.
Negi, however, had him caught by McCullum.
But CSK were back in the game in the 19th over, Negi picking up three wickets for just 2 runs. Yusuf Pathan went after Nehra and 19 runs came from the last over. But the onset of dew, the absence of Narine and the batting might of Chennai made it an evening KKR would rather forget. The fifteenth win in a row was not to be.

Kolkata: Durga Puja festival comes to an end with immersion of the idols of Goddess DurgaJharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Patna stampede: 24 hours after the tragedy  people still searching for their loved ones64
0
Patna: A day after the tragic stampede during Dussehra festivities in Patna, many are still looking for their loved ones. Thirty-three people lost their lives and around 21 others were injured in the stampede at the Gandhi Maidan on Friday night.
A 16-year-old girl named Priyanka is one those who is still missing. Her brother Ravi has been searched for her everywhere but to no avail.
He said, "We searched in the hospital. We checked the lists as well but her name wasn't there. We even searched the morgues but did not find her."
#patna #patna stampede #gandhi maidan #dussehra
Priyanka, a class 9 student, had gone with friends to watch Ravan Dahan on the occassion of Dussehra. She got separated from her friends during the stampede.
But Priyanka was not the only one. According to Patna police, over a dozen missing complaints have been received so far. But some have been reunited with their families.
Four-year-old Chahat Kumari was spotted by a Muslim woman Reshma who saved her and took care of her until the police could trace her parents.
Reshma said, "We brought her home, bathed her, fed her, took care of her and then brought her back to the police."
Her father said, "We searched everywhere. We looked for her the whole night."
But not all reunions have been happy ones. One-year-old Anmol was also reunited with his family but his mother lost her life in the stampede.
People are looking for their family members from PMCH emergency ward to hospital's mortuary to police stations, begging and pleading with every person they meet. But their trauma will continue till they get back their missing family members.
121

Patna Stampede: CM Manjhi admits administrative lapses  assures punishment for culprits32
1
Patna: Under attack from opposition parties over the stampede incident that killed 33  people and injured 21 others, Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manhjhi on Saturday admitted that there have been lapses on the part of his team. Manjhi has also promised action it has come at a very heavy cost.
He said, "We are investigating the incident. People didn't have a clue that something like this would happen."
He added, "I assure that there will be action against those who are responsible."
#patna stampede #jitan ram manjhi #gandhi maidan #dussehra
Many questions are being raised against the state government and the biggest one being why were the three out of four exit gates shut when over a lakh people were expected to attend the ceremony.
Manjhi said such incidents happen in other states also and strongly refuted the label of being a "dummy CM".
"Such incidents happen in other states too," Manjhi told reporters.
Citing eyewitnesses accounts about reasons for stampede due to rumour spreading, which he described as part of a "conspiracy",  he contended truth will come out in the probe.
Asked that opposition mocking him as a "dummy" CM, Manjhi shot back the opposition tirade against him was due to his humble background as a schedule caste.
Manjhi also referred to eyewitness reports of snapping of a live wire following a loud explosion and uprooted pipe of the ditch below the gate that led towards Ramgoolam Chowk.
"There must be some reason for the tragedy. Different people whom I talked about the incident are giving different versions. Truth would come out in the probe," he said.
"This (opposition allegation against me) comes out of their 'sanskar' (tradition) which berates merit of a Dalit...But they are wrong in assessing talent of an SC," he said.
To a question about his "refusal of medical assistance" offered by the Centre as highlighted by Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, Manjhi said that Union Home minister Rajnath Singh had told him to let him know about any assistance the state needed.
"We had sound arrangements for stampede victims at PMCH where two doctors were looking after each injured. There was no requirement of any medical assistance from outside so why should (I) ask for Centre's medical assistance?" he said.
On Union Minister and LJP President Ramvilas Paswan trashing the probe ordered by him by Principal Secretary Home Amir Subhani and Additional Director General of Police (Headquarters) Gupteshwar Pandey who claimed no follow up action had ever been initiated on such reports, Manjhi promised it would not be the case this time.
"I do not know about past. But this time action will be initiated based on report of probe into stampede," he said.
Manjhi, who was chief guest at the 'Ravana vadh' (killing of demon king) at Gandhi maidan on Friday, had left the venue around an hour earlier when stampede took place around 7 PM.
He had gone to his village in Gaya district after Gandhi maidan function and returned to the state capital after coming to know of the tragedy.
On opposition allegation of lack of action against him after the tragedy, he said it was not true.
"I held meeting with senior officials including Chief Secretary, state police chief and Principal Secretary Home at my residence after coming to Patna. Thereafter I went to PMCH to see arrangements for the injured," he said.
(With additional information from PTI)
3

CLT20: I have learnt a lot in these seven years  says Suresh RainaPress Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: October 4, 2014 11:48 pm
Having guided CSK to their second CLT20 trophy, Suresh Raina said that he has matured as a player taking cues from his contemporaries including Virat Kohli, who has shown the way with big hundred in ODI cricket.
“I have learnt a lot in these seven years. In the earlier years, there used to be Matthew Hayden along with Mike Hussey and also our coach Stephen Fleming, who helped me matured. In the Indian team, I learnt a lot from watching Virat Kohli convert starts into big hundreds in ODI cricket. Not to forget my partnerships with Dhoni. Also like to mention Yuvraj Singh’s name,” a beaming Raina said in a post-match interview.
“It’s important to perform on a big day. I believe they got 20 runs short bit I was determined to play till the end and see my team through. I have played Kuldeep, Yusuf bhai and Piyush earlier and wanted to be positive,” said Raina.
Having broken the trophy jinx after three years, Raina said that team environment has been key to CSK’s success.
“We have amazing players like Baz (Brendon McCullum), Faf (du Plessis) and Bravo and it’s an amazing atmosphere,” said Raina.
Skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni was happy with his team’s show.
“Overall it was a fantastic game for us,” said Dhoni. “To start off, it was a good toss to win. It was slightly difficult for the opposition bowlers. Our fielding was not up to the mark. In finals, you have to take the game to the next level. So we didn’t start well with too many easy misfields,”
he said.
He was all praise for young spinner Pawan Negi, who grabbed five wickets.
“Negi is not afraid to toss the ball. It was important to do that to get something out of the wicket. Just like Kuldeep was also not afraid to toss the ball. He has that variety and will only mature as he graduates into international cricket,” said Dhoni.
For Dhoni, more than anything else, winning four out of the eight finals (IPL and CLT20 put together) is not bad at all as it gives him a 50 percent success rate.
“What’s important is to get to the knockouts. After that you may win games, you may lose games. We have made eight finals, won four, I won’t say it is too bad. We made quite a few errors in the last two finals, so what we took out of those finals was really important. Raina was aggressive
throughout and he ensured he stayed till the end.”
KKR captain Gautam Gambhir said that he has been proud of his team’s performance.
“All of us should be proud of each other, the way we showed character,” said Gambhir.
Gambhir said that his team will only get better with time.
“The journey is not yet complete, it has just started. We thought 170-180 was a very good total, but in the second innings there was dew as well, it was difficult to grip the balls for continued…
For Dhoni, more than anything else, winning four out of the eight finals (IPL and CLT20 put together) is not bad at all

Indian jihadist group calls for attacks on western nationalsPrint
Germany announced last month to arm and train the Kurdish Peshmerga forces, who are battling IS militants in Iraq.
Written by Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Posted: October 4, 2014 10:36 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 8:16 am
Ansar al-Tawhid fi’Bilad al-Hind, a group of Indian jihadists based in Pakistan’s northwest border area, has called on supporters to stage attacks on western nationals, in an Eid message released online late on Friday. “If you are in the fortunate position to kill an American or European, whether French or Australian or Canadian, or other unbelievers who have declared war on the Islamic State, then do so,” the declaration exhorts followers in India.
The exhortation was made in a speech delivered by Maulana Abdul Rehman al-Nadwi al-Hindi — a pseudonym, Indian intelligence services believe, for fugitive jihadist Sultan Abdul Kadir Armar, a 39-year-old former resident of Bhatkal in Karnataka who trained as a cleric at the Dar-ul-Uloom Nadwat-ul-Ullema seminary in Lucknow.
“Kill the mushrik (idolators) wherever you find them… shoot them if you can, stab them, throw stones at their heads, poison them, run them over, burn their fields — and if you are unable… spit in their faces,” he says in the speech. “Target the security forces, the agents, and the helpers of the oppressors, cut down their beds (so they might not rest), harry their every moment”.
He adds: “Spilling the blood of civilians and soldiers are both permitted… (for) the blood of an unbeliever is like the blood of a dog”.
Indian jihadists have been involved in attacks on western nationals — the suicide bombing of Glasgow airport in 2007, conducted by Bangalore-origin scientist Kafeel Ahmad, and a September 2010 Indian Mujahideen (IM) attack outside Delhi’s Jama Masjid which left two Taiwanese tourists injured. This is, however, the first call by any mainly-Indian jihadist group to attack western nationals.
Ansar al-Tawhid fi’Bilad al-Hind — or the Companions of Monotheism in India — is made up of breakaway members of the IM, whose Karachi-based leadership is wanted by Interpol for a series of urban bombings that has claimed hundreds of lives since 2005.
In his speech, “Maulana Abdul Rehman” says his call is the outcome of western air strikes on the Dawlah Islaymiyya — or Islamic State declared by jihadist leader Ibrahim al-Awwad al-Badri in parts of Iraq and Syria. He pledges loyalty to al-Badri, acknowledging his status as Caliph, or ruler of all Muslims. “The Prophet established a state in Medina, just a few kilometres large, and it swelled to thousands of kilometres. The hypocrites and apostates fear this will happen again, and have united to extinguish the light of Allah to be extinguished,” he says.
“Rise, stand and defend the Islamic State, wherever you are… Rise and defend your Muslim brothers, whose homes, property and honour are under attack. If we fail, dishonour greater than all imaginable dishonour awaits us. But if we succeed, which with Allah’s aid we will, then our honour will be continued…

Minister  AI differ over dummy grenade in planePress Trust of India | Vizianagaram | Posted: October 4, 2014 10:11 pm
Rebuffing Air India’s attempts at a cover-up, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju on Saturday disclosed that a dummy stun grenade was found on board an Air India jumbo plane when it landed at Jeddah in the early hours.
The stun grenade, which had no explosive in it, was found on the upper deck business class of the Boeing 747-400, which was operating flight AI-965 on Mumbai-Hyderabad-Jeddah route, sources said, adding that the aircraft was taken to a remote bay, checked by the local security personnel and granted operational clearance.
“The grenade may have remained after the mock drill… It has BSF markings,” Raju said at Vizianagaram. The security drill was carried out by the NSG between September 24-27 at select airports and aircraft across the country.
Terming the incident as “unacceptable”, he said though there was no threat to passengers, “there is some failure and this lapse may not be condoned. Corrective measures have to be taken.”
His statement came hours after an Air India press release said, “After screening the aircraft and the object which was found to be a plastic wrapper, the Jeddah airport security cleared the aircraft for further operations.”
A joint team of Air India and the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security, which was rushed to Mumbai this morning, was investigating the incident and questioning those concerned in order to fix responsibility, said sources.
According to sources, just before landing in Jeddah, a box, wrapped in plastic, rolled out from beneath one of the business class seats. The cabin crew saw it and immediately informed the pilot who informed the Jeddah Air Traffic Control. On landing, the pilots were asked to take the plane to a remote bay where the security personnel took out the grenade and found it did not have any explosive, the sources said. The grenade carried markings like “Anti-Riot Stun Grenade”.

In state polls  Modi and Sonia shift focus to CentrePM Modi addressing an election campaign rally for the upcoming Haryana Assembly election and other party workers during election campaign rally in Karnal on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Kamleshwar Singh)
Written by Varinder Bhatia , Ruhi Tewari | Karnal/meham | Posted: October 4, 2014 10:10 pm
As both Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Congress president Sonia Gandhi kickstarted their campaigns for the assembly polls in Haryana and Maharashtra on Saturday, it was a role reversal of sorts as compared to the Lok Sabha campaign. While Modi highlighted his government’s achievements at the Centre, Sonia targeted the BJP for failing to fulfill its promises.
ALSO READ:  In Maharashtra, PM Modi hits back at Sonia, says Cong, NCP are ‘bhrastacharvadi’
Modi claimed his government had improved relations with China, Japan and the United States and got a road link opened to Kailash Mansarovar also. “The entire world is now looking up to India. Our country was always there. Why didn’t anybody talk about us so much before? Why are countries like China, Japan, USA talking about India now? Why has our nation’s respect and popularity increased globally? It is not because of me, it is because of all of you, who gave a stable government in Delhi. This magic has been done by all the people of this country,” said Modi.
ALSO READ: Narendra Modi seeks ‘Congress mukt Haryana’, clear mandate for state’s development
“If you want Haryana to be known globally, the first condition is that it should be a Congress-free Haryana, second is that there should be a stable government in the state, and third is that the state government should let Modi work for you,” he said in Karnal, urging people to ensure a BJP government in the state.
“Kailash Mansarovar was always there, pilgrims used to go there in limited numbers, people would get killed… The Congress governments could not do anything in this regard. We managed to convince China and got a road link opened to Kailash, which people can now use, “ he said. Modi also talked about his government’s Jan Dhan Scheme and Swachh Bharat campaign.
While he targeted the state government on “land scams”, Modi also attacked the INLD. In a reference to BJP president Amit Shah’s earlier remark comparing the INLD to “goondas”, Modi said, “There were times when goondas (goons) used to come to people’s houses, grab their homes, and extort money. If you want to get rid of such things, you need to give me an opportunity.”
Criticising Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda’s “Haryana No. 1” slogan, Modi sais, “Haryana ranks 22 in literacy, 18 in employment, 9 in GDP, 8 in per capita income… Who is responsible for these rankings?”
Meanwhile, addressing a rally in Meham, Sonia accused the BJP of “misleading” voters and failing to fulfil its promises after coming to power at the Centre. “During elections, some political parties use different ways to mislead voters. Less than four months ago, false dreams and empty promises were shown to you… What is happening now? Has inflation decreased? Is the price of each meal reduced for the poor? Are there more jobs? 100 days have passed, where is the promise of bringing back black money?” said Sonia, urging voters to think from their “mind and not heart”.
Addressing the well-attended rally, Sonia said the BJP was behaving as if no work had been done in the country since independence. “The BJP believes in taking credit for work done by others. When they were in the opposition, they made fun of our programmes and are now renaming all our programmes and taking credit for them,” she said, adding, “those who shout don’t speak the truth”.
“Those who practice politics of extortion, fear, caste and religion cannot give development,” Sonia said.
The assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra on October 15 are particularly crucial for the Congress, coming after its disastrous show in the Lok Sabha polls as well as the state assembly elections in December last year. The party is the incumbent in both the states that go to polls.
In Haryana, the elections also come in the backdrop of internal strife in the Congress with differences between state PCC Ashok Tanwar and Chief Minister Hooda over the selection of candidates, and the former reportedly even threatening to resign over the issue. The party, however, put up a united front during the rally with both Hooda and Tanwar sitting on the dais flanking Sonia on either side.
The Congress president was frequently seen talking to both while on the dais. Meanwhile, the audience, dominated by men, seemed to come to life mostly when specific references were made to the state during speeches.
Making a pitch for the Congress in Haryana, Sonia claimed the state had set a record in development under the Congress in the last ten years. “The Delhi Metro has reached Faridabad and Gurgaon. Soon it will reach Kundli and Bahadurgarh. Metro will reach Rohtak and Panipat,” she claimed.
“When the Congress party rules for five more years, Haryana will stand out as an example of growth and development and this work can be done only by the Congress,” Sonia added.

Sunil Narine will come back as a better bowler  feels West Indies team managerPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 4, 2014 9:53 pm
Former West Indies captain Richie Richardson came out in full support of mystery spinner Sunil Narine, who has been barred from playing the Champions League T20 final for a suspect illegal bowling action, saying he will return as an even better bowler.
The off-spinner was reported for a suspected action during a CLT20 match and was subsequently withdrawn from not only the CLT20 final between Chennai Super Kings and Kolkata Knight Riders but also from West Indies’ tour to India, commencing on October 8 at Kochi.
“Knowing the character that he is, he is not gonna let that get him down. He is gonna go back and work. He is gonna come back with a bang. And he is gonna come back an even better bowler,” Richardson, who is the West Indies cricket team manager in the current tour of India, said.
“These things will happen and it’s how well you handle these crisis that proves the strength of character. I know he is a very strong individual. Might seem very easy going, very quiet but deep down he is a very confident, strong individual,” he added.
Asked what advice he would give to 26-year old Trinidadian, Richardson said, “How do you know he is not in a very good frame of mind? Nobody wants it to happen to himself . Nobody wants it to happen to anybody. It’s unfortunate. He has just got to go home, think about it and come back.
“And I know that’s his approach, that’s his attitude. He would obviously be disappointed but he is not down.”
Stating that the team is confident of beating the hosts even without their ace bowler, Richardson said, “We just have to focus on what we have to do. We are positive even without him that we can play well against India and beat India. That’s the attitude we have got to adapt. Things happen in life that you have no control over.
“The most important thing for you is to always pick yourself up and go forward. Sometimes when you lose a major player, other players dig deeper, somebody else comes to the fore. And that’s what we want to see,” he said.
Asked if the team should have gone with two spinners Richardson said, “I am not the selector. Even when I was the captain I never got the playing XI I wanted to pick. At the end of the day it is a democratic process. The selectors have a plan. We just have to support the team.”
These things will happen and it's how well you handle these crisis that proves the strength of character

Bank of rajasthan a private bank merged with icici bank because it had...Platinum Member
117 Followers
Bank of Rajasthan a private bank merged with ICICI bank because it had penetration in two three states and ICICI bank wanted that business.
Banking industry is waiting for reforms from govt end which is long due the day this takes place you see their will be big race of mergers and aquistion .
There are  manpulation while aquiring  bank ultimately sufferers are share holders.
Rural still HDFC  ICICI has not entered in proper way in tier II and Tier II cities there are crtain limitations  private banks enter according to business model of cities .
Now see the ATM network HDFC Bank has put in maximum metro stations.
Though in tier 3 cities how much branch network is their if GDP goes to repectable level even than also branch network will not change to that extent.
11.59 PM Oct 4th

Maximum downside to ifci on tuesday would be 34.10 (lower bollinger ba...Platinum Member
129 Followers
Maximum downside to IFCI on tuesday would be 34.10 (lower Bollinger Band 34.33 and Fb 68% retracement at 34.08), and thereafter it should move up. Anyway, the selling pressure would be such that even if you want to exit, you just can`t do it. For us it is a news that stake sale didn`t happen. Big Investors already knew it, this is why there was not a run up in IFCI prior to this news. Any stock cracks when there is a build up and run up for any news. IFCI did not have a major build up and run up, so no great downside visible.
11.55 PM Oct 4th

Dont anger me. else u know better146 Followers
Reposted about 36 days 2 hrs 39 min 3 sec ago by k4krackjack
lol. mujhe apne bhagwan pe pura vishwas hai if someone will give me shraap it wont affect me but come back to the giver

I am live exampel i had followed lot of guys all gives calls but when ...New Member
3 Followers
investment is long term in nature. you invest in 5 good stocks from nifty50 stocks every month or year and wait for about 15 years. you get phenomenal returns from atleat 1 or 2 stocks to offset any losses from 1or 2 stocks.
4.41 PM Oct 6th

United Airline contacting those who flew with Ebola victimE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Raymond Weil India plans hinge on relaxed local sourcing clauseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Best and worst from Nationals-Giants  NLDS Game 1By Scott Allen October 3 Follow @ScottSAllen
(Photo by Al Bello/Getty Images)
The best and worst moments from the Nationals’ 3-2 loss to the San Francisco Giants in Game 1 of the National League Division Series at Nationals Park.
Best sight: Stephen Strasburg’s first pitch, a 97-mph called strike to Gregor Blanco that the 44,035 screaming fans at Nationals Park had waited two years to see. You think Strasburg was amped for his postseason debut after being shut down before the 2012 playoffs? Later in the inning, Strasburg hit 99 mph on the radar gun for the first time all season. He would leave after allowing two runs — one earned — in five-plus innings and took the loss.
Best pitcher: San Francisco starter Jake Peavy entered the game with a 9.27 ERA in five career postseason starts and had never pitched into the seventh inning in the playoffs. He was pulled after a two-out walk to Jayson Werth in the sixth, but kept the Nationals scoreless on only two hits. Peavy didn’t allow a hit until the fifth inning and exited with three walks and three strikeouts.
The Washington Nationals key players sound off on why they lost to the San Francisco Giants during Game 1 of the National Division League Series and how they are preparing for Game 2. (Whitney Leaming/The Washington Post)
Worst sound: Silence. Through the first four innings, the Nationals didn’t give fans much reason to cheer and one had to wonder if Simon & Garfunkel would replace Garth Brooks as the artist of choice for the seventh-inning stretch.
It’s the Library of Congress in here right now.
— Andrew Baggarly (@CSNBaggs) October 3, 2014
It would be lovely if the Nats could give the crowd something to cheer about. Just deathly quiet here.
— Serious Jammage (@serious_jammage) October 3, 2014
Best home run: Bryce Harper brought the crowd to its feet with a towering solo home run into the third deck in right field to lead off the seventh inning. The 445-foot blast off Giants rookie Hunter Strickland was the longest of Harper’s career and pulled the Nationals to within 3-1.
Best other home run: Two batters later, Asdrubal Cabrera drilled a Strickland pitch into the Nationals’ bullpen to cut the Giants’ lead to one. Cabrera also had an epic bat flip. 
Worst rally: Trailing, 3-2, entering the bottom of the ninth, the stage was seemingly set for another walk-off win , which became something of a habit for the Nationals in the second half of the season. Alas, Mr. Walk-Off Ryan Zimmerman had already been used as a pinch-hitter and flew out to center field in the seventh, and Giants closer Santiago Casilla retired Wilson Ramos, Cabrera and Danny Espinosa in order to give San Francisco a 1-0 series lead.  
Worst decision: With Travis Ishikawa on first base after a single to lead off the third inning, Peavy bunted down the first base line. Adam LaRoche picked up the ball and, instead of taking the sure out at first, he tried to get the lead runner at second. Ishikawa was initially ruled out, but Giants manager Bruce Bochy challenged and the call and it was overturned after a replay review.
Worst passed ball: Blanco failed to move the runners into scoring position by lining out in the Giants’ next at-bat, but a passed ball by Wilson Ramos with Joe Panik at the plate allowed Ishikawa and Peavy to move up to second and third. Panik followed with a single and the unearned run gave the Giants a 1-0 lead.
Best recovery: Strasburg, who has been known to let defensive miscues behind him get to his head and affect his performance, got Buster Posey to ground into an inning-ending, 5-4-3 double play.
Best contact: The Giants had eight hits off Strasburg, who exited after allowing the first two batters to reach in the sixth. Strasburg, who has averaged more than a strikeout per inning in his career, wasn’t missing bats with the same frequency and finished with only two strikeouts.
This is the first time in Strasburg’s #Nats career that he’s pitched at least 5 innings and recorded fewer than 3 Ks. — Tom Schad (@Tom_Schad) October 3, 2014
Best relief by a Nationals pitcher: Jerry Blevins entered the game with two on and nobody out in the sixth, but cleaned up Strasburg’s mess by striking out Ishikawa and getting Peavy and Blanco to fly out.
Best ‘There goes the no-hitter’: Harper, who went 3 for 23 with eight strikeouts in the 2012 NLDS and resisted the temptation to pound his bat into the dirt after fouling out in his first at-bat on Friday, led off the fifth inning with an infield single off the glove of Giants first baseman Brandon Belt. Nationals fans swung their white rally towels for one of the first times all game as a pumped-up Harper swung an imaginary towel and exchanged fist-pounds with first base coach Tony Tarasco. “Harper doing his best M.L. Carr impression,” Fox Sports 1 announcer Matt Vasgersian said.
Worst rally killer: Washington’s next batter, Ramos, grounded into a 4-6-3 double play. Peavy was every bit as pumped as Harper.
Jake Peavy is FIRED UP after that double play. #NLDSonFS1 #SFvsWAS pic.twitter.com/d3p3PZGpCc — #NLDSonFS1 (@FOXSports1) October 3, 2014
Best ex-Giant: Nate Schierholtz, who spent the first six seasons of his career with San Francisco, pinch hit for Strasburg and led off the sixth inning with a double off the right field wall. It marked the first time the Nationals had a runner in scoring position.
Worst failure to advance the runner: Span followed Schierholtz’s double with a lazy fly ball to center.
Best and worst relief by a Giants pitcher: Peavy retired Anthony Rendon before walking Werth to put runners on first and second in the sixth. Javier Lopez replaced Peavy and walked LaRoche to load the bases, leading Giants Manager Bruce Bochy to call upon Strickland. The right-hander, who would allow the solo homers to Harper and Cabrera in the next inning , struck out Ian Desmond on four fastballs to end the Nationals’ biggest threat of the game.
Hunter Strickland drinks your milkshake. 99, 98, 99, 100. Ian Desmond swings through the last. Nats leave them loaded. — Adam Kilgore (@AdamKilgoreWP) October 3, 2014
Worst runners left on base: Desmond, who went 0 for 4, struck out against Sergio Romo with two runners on in the eighth. The shortstop was responsible for five of the Nationals’ seven runners left on base.
(Via a reader)
Best win: Teddy, fresh off the excitement of capturing his first regular season championship in Presidents Race history, won again after the Racing Presidents stopped mid-race to dance to Justin Timberlake’s “Rock Your Body.” The once lovable loser remains undefeated in the postseason after winning all three races during the 2012 NLDS.
I hope y’all like my sick dance moves just as much as me Winning!! #PresRaceChamp pic.twitter.com/CCkAI0AfkF — Teddy Roosevelt (@Teddy26Nats) October 3, 2014
Best and worst Spanning: Span made a nice, spinning catch on Panik’s line drive to center field in the first inning, but couldn’t quite corral Panik’s line drive to lead off the seventh. The ball deflected off the wall and Panik ended up with a leadoff triple. He scored what would turn out to be the deciding run on Posey’s infield single one batter later.
Best attempted gnome-field advantage: There were gnomes everywhere at Nationals Park . Fan wore gnome hats. Fans made gnome signs. There were even gnomes on the warning track before the game.
Gnomes on warning track! pic.twitter.com/qobvgRMGxz — matt lavin (@mattlavindc) October 3, 2014
As Hunter Pence comes up for his 1st AB, here’s a reminder of my favorite fan sign from today. He singled. #Karma pic.twitter.com/PFAWg3EdT8 — Greg Cohen (@Greg_Cohen) October 3, 2014
Worst enforcement: There were multiple reports of fans being asked by ushers to sit down during the game and being removed from the seating area when they refused to comply. Look, I get it. There’s a reason fans, some of whom have bad knees, pay good money for seats as opposed to standing-room only tickets, and it would stink to disrupt their enjoyment of the game. Still, it’s the playoffs. Standing should be permitted.
My section 106 just got yelled at for standing up during an attempt at a rally. Kind of embarrassing #natitude ? @dcsportsbog @FightinHydrant — Scott Cannon (@Scott_Did_It) October 3, 2014
@dcsportsbog 2 people just removed from 107 for standing last inning. Great sports town. Give me a break — John Foley (@JohnPFoley4) October 3, 2014
@dcsportsbog usher just told two people to sit down. I didn’t know people day down during playoffs. #onlyinDc — David Wood (@Dwood535) October 3, 2014
Worst absence: Former Nationals fan favorite Michael Morse, who is recovering from an oblique injury, was left off the Giants’ 25-man NLDS roster. Bummer.
Best weather: It was an overcast day at Nationals Park, which was probably a welcome relief to players from both teams. The “Sun Monster” has been known to wreak havoc on outfielders’ abilities to track fly balls during mid-afternoon games this time of year.
shout out to #SunMonster ‘s under appreciated younger brother #CaptainClouds , #Nats get three flyouts to open chapter 1 of this NLDS — Byron Kerr (@masnKerr) October 3, 2014
Sun monster trying hard to break through the clouds @JWerthsBeard pic.twitter.com/jamtiq6m3b — Ryan Kelly (@RyanJKelly) October 3, 2014
Best correction: As promised, the construction company that hung the ‘GO NAT’S’ banner near Nationals Park last week hung an edited sign without the extraneous apostrophe.
God bless you grammar police (it used to say “Nat’s”). Shudder. RT @NatsWx : They fixed it! @dcsportsbog @ScottSAllen pic.twitter.com/AnbPRocC5J — Laura S Lindamood (@talkingbird) October 3, 2014
Best flyover: There’s nothing like playoff baseball.
Best reason for optimism: Jordan Zimmermann starts for the Nationals in Game 2 on Saturday. He was pretty good in his last start.
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Modi  Sonia spar during election ralliesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gold will help economy regain its lost sheen: WGCThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bihar stampede: Lalu Prasad Yadav blames administrative  lapse  for Patna deathsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rosberg to start from pole  Hamilton second in SuzukaRosberg denied Lewis Hamilton a chance of third consecutive pole after Singapore and Monza. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Suzuka | Posted: October 4, 2014 1:48 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 1:55 pm
Nico Rosberg seized pole position for the Japanese Grand Prix ahead of team mate and Formula One championship leader Lewis Hamilton, who completed a front-row lockout for Mercedes in qualifying on Saturday.
Rosberg, who relinquished the championship lead to Hamilton after retiring from the last race in Singapore, lapped the 5.8 km Suzuka Circuit in one minute 32.506 seconds to claim his first pole since the Belgian Grand Prix at the end of August.
“I’m not thinking about Singapore at all,” Rosberg, who trails Hamilton by three points after a steering wheel failure led to an early retirement at the Marina Bay Street Circuit, told reporters.
“It was a great day today( Saturday), it is only one step on the way — but really great.
“The car is so amazing to drive,” he added.
Hamilton, who had been fastest in the opening session of qualifying, failed to better Rosberg’s benchmark after locking up on his final attempt and missed out on scoring a hat-trick of pole positions by just under two tenths of a second.
“Not too much really,” Hamilton said when asked what went wrong on his lap.
“Nico was extremely quick today (Saturday), I did the best I could.
“Just wasn’t really feeling it, don’t know why, but tomorrow (Sunday) is the day when you get the points,” added the Briton, whose car had to be hurriedly repaired after he crashed in Saturday morning’s practice session.
Despite his error, Hamilton’s time was quick enough to secure Mercedes an eighth front-row lockout of the season. The team have looked dominant all weekend and could leave Japan with the constructors’ title wrapped up if results go their way.
VETTEL NINTH
Valtteri Bottas took third for Williams ahead of team mate Felipe Massa, with the Grove-based squad taking over from Red Bull as the best of the rest on a circuit that suits their car.
The reigning world champions had scored a double podium behind Hamilton in Singapore but were unable to carry that form over to Japan.
Sebastian Vettel, set to leave the team at the end of the season for Ferrari, only managed a disappointing ninth fastest at a circuit where he has won four of the last five grands prix.
Issues with the car had curtailed his final practice session and the German continued to struggle throughout the qualifying hour.
Fernando Alonso, who Vettel is expected to replace at Ferrari next year, set the fifth fastest time on what is likely to be one of his final few Saturday appearances for the Maranello-based squad.
Daniel Ricciardo was sixth in the Red Bull ahead of Kevin Magnussen and Jenson Button in the McLarens. Kimi Raikkonen, who had also lost track time in final practice, rounded out the top-ten in the other Ferrari.
While Mercedes have topped the timesheets in every session this weekend, rain from Typhoon Phanfone could make things tricky for drivers on Sunday, even if the continued…
Just wasn't really feeling it, don't know why, but tomorrow is the day when you get the points

Fearing hell be called for suspect action  Windies send Narine homeSunil Narine will nio longer be part of his national side against India. (Source: BCCI)
Written by Bharat Sundaresan | Mumbai | Posted: October 4, 2014 4:20 am | Updated: October 4, 2014 12:47 pm
Off spinner Sunil Narine has left India for the Caribbean, and will not play in the Test and ODI series beginning in Kochi on October 8, it is reliably learnt.
Narine was banned from bowling in Saturday’s Champions League final after he was reported for suspect action for a second time in two matches during Kolkata Knight Riders’s semifinal game against the Hobart Hurricanes on Thursday.
The West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) declined to confirm on Friday that Narine had flown home. However, it is learnt that one of two left arm orthodox spinners, Nikita Miller and Suleiman Benn, will replace him in the squad.
WICB chairman of selectors Clive Lloyd said that even before the squad arrived in India, the team management had learnt from “reliable sources” that the umpires were “going to call Narine (for suspect action)” during the ODI series. India and the West Indies are scheduled to play five One-Dayers, followed by a T20 and three Tests.
Reacting to the Champions League ban on Narine, Lloyd had indicated that with the World Cup just four months away, the team management was wary of playing the 26-year-old Trinidadian in the ODIs.
“If you hear these sort of rumours, it’s obvious that something was said before. It can destroy a team. You want to know if this is being orchestrated, because if you lose your main bowler then it puts pressure on the team. If he was called in the ODIs, he would have had to take quite a few months off and therefore missed the World Cup,” Lloyd, one of the game’s legends and the last West Indian captain to win a bilateral series in India, said.
Since he emerged on the international scene in 2011, Narine has taken 73 wickets in 52 ODIs and 21 wickets in 6 Tests, and been the top spinner for the Windies. His action was first reported during KKR’s league match against the Dolphins, where his quicker delivery came under the scanner. He was reported a second time on Thursday by umpires Rod Tucker, S Ravi and Vineet Kulkarni for flex action in his elbow beyond the acceptable limit.
“He has been bowling over the years with the same sort of action and delivering the same faster ball. And all of a sudden, they say his action is suspect. Just like what happened with (Saeed) Ajmal, who like Sunil is one of the best bowlers around. I have been involved in the ICC for years and I think you cannot ban a guy just like that,” Lloyd said.
“If somebody is saying that you are fraudulent, what do they do? They are going to write you a letter, and say you’ve done so and so. They don’t just send you off to jail. I want to know how they continued…
I want to know how they decided to ban him rather than say something like, ‘Listen, you have a bit of a problem'

Sebastian Vettel quits Red Bull for FerrariFour times world champion was struggling with the new technical changes made in the car and was yet to win a race. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Posted: October 4, 2014 11:08 am | Updated: October 4, 2014 11:18 am
Four times world champion Sebastian Vettel is leaving Red Bull at the end of the season and is set to join Ferrari, the Formula One team said on Saturday.
Red Bull said in a statement Vettel’s seat would be taken by 20-year-old Russian driver Daniil Kvyat, while team boss Christian Horner said at the Japanese Grand Prix on Saturday the German would be racing for Ferrari from next season.
Vettel’s departure may trigger a merry-go-round of team switches, with Fernando Alonso’s future at Ferrari a hot topic of paddock discussion.
Alonso’s contract runs until the end of the 2016 season but the 33-year-old Spaniard has been linked heavily with a move to former outfit McLaren.
“Sebastian Vettel has advised us that he will be leaving Red Bull at the end of the 2014 season,” Red Bull said in a statement. “We want to warmly thank Sebastian for the incredible role he has played at Red Bull for the last six years.
“As we wish Sebastian well in the next stage of his career, we also look to the future with excitement, as the vacancy makes way for the next generation of Red Bull racers,” the team added.
Red Bull boss Horner told Sky Sports that Vettel informed him of his decision on Friday.
“He informed us last night and obviously had his reasoning behind that. I don’t think he’d taken the decision lightly and was obviously very emotional about it,” he said.
“But if it’s his desire to be somewhere else, then it’s not right for us to stand in his path.
“As of January 1st he’ll be a competitor. He’ll be a Ferrari driver.”
Ferrari had not made any announcement on Saturday about their future line-up.
VETTEL FRUSTRATED
Vettel has struggled to recapture championship form this year following the implementation of new technical regulations for the sport, and has yet to win a race.
He is fifth in the championship standings, with team mate Daniel Ricciardo third behind the Mercedes pair of Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg.
Vettel’s frustrating season continued on Saturday when engine problems forced him out of final free practice at Suzuka.
Vettel’s replacement, Russian Kvyat, became the sport’s youngest ever points scorer at the age of 19 in Melbourne in March. He has scored eight points this season and is 15th in the drivers standings.
“I was very honoured, very surprised,” the BBC quoted the Toro Rosso driver as saying at Suzuka. “The people around me know I like to work hard and do my best.”
Speculation surrounding Alonso’s future has been rife this year, a season that has seen a number of key management changes at Ferrari, with long-serving president Luca di Montezemolo the latest to announce his departure.
The Spaniard, currently driving in his fifth season with Ferrari, has grown increasingly disillusioned with the lack of success for the sport’s glamour team which has not won continued…
Vettel has advised us that he will be leaving Red Bull at the end of the season

Hospital authorities remain apathetic to stampede victims in PatnaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Greece condemns British aid worker s killingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

No political activity can ever be built onhatePrint
Written by Vaidyanathan Iyer | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:21 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 8:59 am
In this Idea Exchange moderated by National Affairs Editor P Vaidyanathan Iyer, Civil Aviation Minister Pusapati Ashok Gajapathi Raju talks about rescuing Air India and accepting Telangana. Asked about ‘love jihad’ remarks made by BJP leaders, he calls it their ‘personal view’
Civil Aviation Minister Pusapati Ashok Gajapathi Raju, a first-time MP and one of the senior leaders of the Telugu Desam Party, hails from the royal Gajapathi family of Vizianagaram. The 63-year-old seven-time MLA has taken charge of the aviation portfolio at a time when the sector is faced with strong headwinds that include regulatory glitches, airlines staring at mounting losses, poor air connectivity in several pockets and creaking airport infrastructure, especially outside of the metros. The accumulated losses of players in the civil aviation sector are pegged at around Rs 49,000 crore, with Raju and his team facing the daunting challenge of preventing a Kingfisher Airlines-like meltdown. Aggravating the policy muddle are issues such as protectionist policies that make it tough for new airlines to compete, and a high fuel cost/tax regime that translates into a high-cost operating environment. 
P Vaidyanathan Iyer: The BJP is no longer with the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra. Do you think the BJP is not really taking its allies together given its majority in the Lok Sabha today?
The country is fortunate that a political party has a majority in the Lok Sabha. Because if policies see-saw, the nation pays a heavy price. I can’t immediately comment on this (the BJP-Sena split) because we are also among the allies. Our impression is that the BJP wants a reasonable partnership.
Roudra Bhattacharya: You have said you don’t want aviation to remain an elite activity, and have talked about setting up low-cost airports and increasing connectivity to small towns. What work has happened in that direction? Airlines, already reeling under losses, have opposed regional connectivity.
There is no such thing as a low-cost airport, but (there can be) a no-frills airport, which requires minimum standards to operate. You can pull out the airconditioning, for example. Probably the frills can get added on at some point of time. I am having difficulty pushing for a no-frills airport because local people believe an airport should reflect culture. State governments and ministers do not mind a no-frills airport anywhere else except at their place. When it comes to their own place, they would like something they can be proud of. So we are facing this problem, and are explaining to them that adding frills pushes up costs. When you divide the costs by the number of passengers, the burden is less.
Sunil Jain: How many airports can one expect to be given out for bidding by the end of the year?
We would still like to promote the idea of no-frills airports. It will probably be accepted where there is no airport as of now.
Sunil Jain: Is there any strategy in place?
We have to connect certain areas which are in need of connection. A few states like Arunachal Pradesh need an airport. Sikkim has a continued…
The 5/20 rule is antiquated. Regulation for the sake of regulation makes no sense. The old players want it because it gives them a level of comfort. Also they are worried newer airlines are more likely to get aid as their books are cleaner.

What the world is reading: Assassinating ObamaWritten by Aleesha Matharu | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:14 am
Salon
‘Assassinating’ Obama
Luke Brinker critiques a piece in Politico Magazine which blames President Barack Obama for the Secret Service’s failure to “adequately protect him”. Written by Ronald Kessler, the story details recent security lapses such as when “an armed contractor with a criminal record” rode an elevator with Obama. Brinker writes that Kessler is joining conservatives in this regard, but goes “a sickening step further, suggesting that reform may require the president’s assassination”. Brinker quotes Kessler, “Agents tell me it’s a miracle an assassination has not already occurred. Sadly, that calamity may be the only catalyst that will reform the Secret Service”.
The Guardian
Egypt’s vegetarians
“The cows have been fattened, the knives sharpened, and across Cairo sheep and goats are being tethered outside the homes of the wealthy,” writes Patrick Kingsley. Millions of animals are slaughtered across Egypt on Eid, but for one small group, the day is not “wholly a cause for celebration”: vegetarians. According to Kingsley, Egypt is not the most understanding place for those who choose a meat-free diet. Even so, some vegetarians have “veggie-iftar” parties, while others leave Cairo to “avoid the sight of goats being sliced up in the street”.
BuzzFeed
Twilight meets Facebook
Earlier this week, Lionsgate and Facebook announced that they were teaming up with Stephenie Meyer, the author of the Twilight series, to reboot the franchise. “A few things about the project are unusual,” writes Hillary Reinsberg. For one, “aspiring female filmmakers sourced through a crowdsourcing platform will make the short films”. “But more unusual is where the finished, professionalised products will live: exclusively on Facebook,” says Reinsberg. The goal, according to Dan Rose, Facebook’s vice president of partnerships, is to engage Twilight’s 47 million fans on Facebook.

Just that kind ofgirlNew York Times | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:11 am
Now in author mode, the young TV star and filmmaker Lena Dunham is promoting her book of essays on a tour that includes literary authors and performances by “remarkable, special weirdos”
Last month, writer, actor and producer Lena Dunham started an ambitious project. Nearly 600 people responded to an open call for video auditions on her website, including a sand artist, a ukulele player, cappella singers, gymnasts, performance artists and stand-up comics, even some exceptionally charismatic babies.
The seven who made the final cut won’t be making cameos in Girls, Dunham’s HBO show about Brooklyn 20-somethings. Instead, they’ll be the warm-up acts on an elaborately produced, 11-city tour to promote Dunham’s new book, Not That Kind of Girl.
“Three of the videos were disturbing, but the rest were super awesome,” Dunham said, adding that she spent several hours screening the auditions in bed.
In an era when author tours and splashy book parties have grown increasingly rare, Dunham has organised a travelling circus of sorts that seems more like a roving Burning Man festival than a sober, meet-the-author literary event. Prominent comedians and writers, such as Portlandia star Carrie Brownstein and novelist Zadie Smith, have thrown their weight behind Dunham and will appear on her tour as part of a carefully curated cast of artists, along with live music, poetry readings and, naturally, food trucks.
“I found the idea of a traditional author tour, where you go and stand behind the lectern, a little bit embarrassing, a little blatantly self-promotional and a little boring,” Dunham said. “I wanted it to have an arts festival feel, which is why we now have all these remarkable special weirdos who I found on the Internet.”
Dunham’s critics are likely to see these spectacles as an over-the-top marketing stunt or yet another example of her inflated sense of self as an artist. Her fans are lining up, though. In less than a week, the tour sold around 8,000 tickets, which are selling for $38 at most locations. Tickets include a $28 signed hardcover of Not That Kind of Girl. Dunham said she tried to buy a scalped ticket to an upcoming event in Brooklyn herself, so that she could give it away, but the ticket holder wanted $900 in cash, and “My mama taught me the word no,” she wrote on Twitter.
The tour is also a way for Dunham to shed her TV persona and rebrand herself as an author. By putting her onstage alongside seasoned writers like the memoirist Mary Karr and the novelist Vendela Vida, Random House hopes to cast Dunham as a major new literary talent, not just a celebrity who leveraged her fame for a big book deal.
“We’re trying to establish her as a writer, a very serious literary writer, so we put her in conversation with authors who are very literary,” continued…

A princely rebellionPrint
AP | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:07 am
For decades, Prince has thrilled with his eclectic songs. Now, finally in control of his music legacy, he hopes to show other artists an alternative to the standard way of doing business.
Nightfall is fast approaching at Paisley Park in Chanhassen, Minnesota. There are few lights on in the cavernous compound, and unseen doves are cooing up a racket. But even their collective noise takes a back seat once Prince — sitting in the dimmest bit of light — goes to his Mac, cues up a track and hits play.
A melodious instrumental track floods the room, the lush orchestration compliments of the Minnesota Orchestra, whom Prince tapped to perform. Its inspiration has come from a little-heard Dionne Warwick song, In Between the Heartaches, which he also played moments earlier. The track remains a work in progress; Prince has written no lyrics yet. But it’s music like this that keeps him going — to still, after all these years, take music to the next level.
“If you don’t try, how will you get another Insatiable?” he says, referencing his classic groove. Over the next few moments, he goes to YouTube to play an array of clips that get his musical heart thrumming, dipping from old James Brown clips to the relatively new UK singer FKA Twigs.
Prince isn’t always pleased about what he hears from today’s crop of entertainers — “The quality of the music, everyone would agree, is not the gold standard,” he muses about today’s mainstream pop universe.
But when it comes to his world, what he’s hearing ranks among the best that he’s heard in ages. This Tuesday he released his first album in four years, ART OFFICIAL AGE, along with music from his latest protege act, 3RDEYEGIRL, PLECTRUMELECTRUM.
“I’m completely surrounded by equal talent,” an energised Prince says. “To me it feels like heaven.” It’s not just the music that’s taking his Royal Badness to new heights: For the first time, he is releasing his music with complete freedom. The man that once wrote “slave” on his face in protest against not being in control of his own music and battled and then departed his label, Warner Bros, is now back with the label — under his own terms.
“What’s happening now is the position that I’ve always wanted to be in,” says Prince. “I was just trying to get here.”
In the spring, Prince, 56, finally gained what he had sought for more than two decades — control of his musical masters, and, in a larger sense, his musical legacy. In the past, Warner Bros held the rights to Prince’s music, even long after he left, as part of the contract he signed as a new artist. But after savvy legal manoeuvring, he owns the rights to all of his vast collections of hits, including archival music that Prince fans have been longing to hear for decades. Prince gained control of the publishing rights to his compositions and has performance rights — which means he completely controls his musical destiny.
Phaedra Ellis-Lamkins, who works continued…
Long a trailblazer for artists’ rights, Prince speaks passionately of his disdain for traditional record contracts.

Huge Hong Kong rally as protesters reopen door for talksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India s Forex falls by $1.41 billionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sir i know ur anger ur anger made lot of investors on road146 Followers
Reposted about 36 days 2 hrs 40 min 56 sec ago by k4krackjack
lol. mujhe apne bhagwan pe pura vishwas hai if someone will give me shraap it wont affect me but come back to the giver

U had written something in south indian language to me na. what was th...Silver Member
12 Followers
One must do bookprofit at higher/current level----dont short,only do bkpft.Dont take long position at this level---and if so,strictly do stoploss or hedging with some lots of selling  call options of out of money.

See who has marked messageSilver Member
12 Followers
One must do bookprofit at higher/current level----dont short,only do bkpft.Dont take long position at this level---and if so,strictly do stoploss or hedging with some lots of selling  call options of out of money.

Yes  target 600 by diwaliCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sensex up 33 points  profit-booking takes away most gainsThe BSE benchmark Sensex on Tuesday surrendered most of its early gains to close just 33 points higher as profit-booking emerged in power and metal shares ahead of long holidays for markets, even as RBI kept interest rates unchanged.
Brokers said profit-taking by investors is likely to continue on Wednesday.
The 30-share barometer resumed slightly better and touched a high of 26,851.33 in the afternoon trade, a jump of 254.22 points from its previous close.
But soon profit-booking emerged, pulling down the key index index to 26,630.51, a small rise or 33.40 points or 0.13% from its last close.
The broad-based 50-issue CNX Nifty also firmed up by 8.90 points to 7,964.80.
"Some more selling pressure may be seen in the coming sessions, particularly in rate sensitive sectors. Also, as long market holidays are coming, investors prefer to book profits. In the coming sessions, global cues and second quarterly results shall be key triggers for market direction," said Rakesh Goyal, senior vice president, Bonanza Portfolio.
Brokers said local bourses were also impacted by weak trend on Asian bourses amid concern over tensions in Hong Kong and Chinese manufacturing gauge missing estimates.
Overall, 14 of 30 Sensex scrips closed with gains. Major gainers were Sun Pharma at 2.77%, HDFC 2.17%, Bajaj Auto 2.00%, Maruti 1.85%, Cipla 1.59%, RIL 1.35%, ITC 1.19 per cent.
BHEL dropped by 2.85%, Axis Bank 2.18%, Hindalco 1.69%, M&M 1.62%, Tata Motors 1.57%, Tata Steel 1.55%, ICICI Bank 1.52% and TCS 1.08%.
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan in monetary policy meet today kept the key rates unchanged for the fourth consecutive timem citing continued risks to inflation and difficult external situation.
The short-term lending rate rate remained at 8%, and the cash reserve requirement of banks at 4%.
The statutory liquidity ratio has also been retained at 22%.   
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) retained growth projection for current fiscal at 5.5% and also said that future policy stance will be influenced by inflation outlook. It added that the pick-up in GDP growth during Q1 may not be sustained in the next quarters.
"Today not much movement was seen in the local equities as RBI credit policy announced was in the lines of expectation of the market.... Asian markets continued to trade weak on growing tensions in Hong Kong, which capped the gains in local equities,"  said Jignesh Chaudhary, Head Of Research, Veracity Broking Services.
Among BSE sectoral indices, consumer durables firmed up by 1.75%, healthcare by 1.35%, Oil&Gas by 1.14% and FMCG 0.66%, while realty dipped by 2.66%, Power 1.22%, Metal 0.96% and consumer goods 0.58%.
The total market breadth turned negative as 1,539 stocks closed in the red while 1,347 finished in the green. Total turnover was at Rs. 3,820.54 crore.
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors (FIIs), after a few days of selling, pumped in Rs. 150.10 crore on Monday, as per provisional data.
Asian markets, expecting China and Taiwan which closed just in the positive terrain, finished in the red between 0.32% and 1.28%.
European markets were trading better in their late morning deals. The DAX and the CAC were up by 1.01% and 0.65% respectively while the FTSE was trading flat.

Non-subsidised LPG cylinder price cut by 21  ATF by 3%Price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was on Tuesday cut by Rs. 21 per cylinder and that of jet fuel (ATF) by a steep 3% on the back of falling international oil rates.
This is the third straight reduction in rates of non- subsidised LPG since July.
A non-subsidised 14.2-kg cooking gas cylinder will now cost Rs. 880, down from Rs. 901, in Delhi, according to Indian Oil Corp (IOC).
A subsidised LPG cylinder in Delhi costs Rs. 414.
The price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs. 2,077.62 per kilolitre, or 2.98%, to Rs. 67,525.63 per kl, the nation's largest fuel retailer said.
This is the third reduction in jet fuel rates since July. Declining international oil prices have made imports cheaper, resulting in price reduction.
In Mumbai, jet fuel costs Rs. 69,610.50 per kl as against Rs. 71,829.42 per kl previously, IOC said. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40% of an airline's operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
No immediate comment was available from airlines on the impact of the price cut on passenger fares.
The three fuel retailers -- IOC, Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp -- revise jet fuel and non-subsidised LPG prices on the first of every month, based on the average international prices in the preceding month.

PayPal goes mobile  to split from eBay in 2015PayPal goes mobile, to split from eBay in 2015
AP  San Jose, California, September 30, 2014
First Published: 19:36 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:41 IST(30/9/2014)
The mobile payment service PayPal is splitting from eBay and will become a separate and publicly traded company next year.
Advertisement
Almost a year after billionaire Carl Icahn opened a proxy fight and pressured eBay for a spinoff of PayPal, eBay President and CEO John Donahoe announced the split Tuesday.
Donahoe will step down as CEO of eBay after overseeing the separation of the two companies and will not have a management roll in either of the two afterward. He may have a seat on the board at one or both, along with eBay Chief Financial Officer Bob Swan.
EBay, based in San Jose, California, said that the separation was the best path for growth and shareholder value creation for each business.
EBay is an e-commerce site that connects sellers to buyers. PayPal, acquired by eBay in 2002 for $1.3 billion, has been its fastest growing segment.
In the most recent quarter, PayPal gained 4 million new, active registered accounts, up 15 percent, to 152 million.
Consumers who use PayPal can send and receive payments online, with all transactions backed by prepaid user accounts, bank accounts or credit cards. The service is available in 203 markets worldwide and is on track to process 1 billion mobile payments in 2014.
But major competitors are now getting into the mobile payment sector, including Apple.
Last month Apple Inc. announced a new digital wallet service called Apple Pay that is integrated with its Passbook credential-storage app and its fingerprint ID security system.
There is a push away from traditional credit cards, particularly after a string of high-profile data breaches that have ensnared major retailers like Target and Home Depot.
Citibank predicts that the mobile payments business will grow from $1 billion last year, to nearly $60 billion by 2017.
"A thorough strategic review with our board shows that keeping eBay and PayPal together beyond 2015 clearly becomes less advantageous to each business strategically and competitively," Donahoe said.
Shares of eBay jumped 8 percent to $57.06 before the opening bell, close to its high for the year.
Dan Schulman, an executive at American Express, will be the new president at PayPal, effective immediately. The 56-year-old will become PayPal's CEO once the separation takes place.
Devin Wenig, currently president of eBay Marketplaces, will become CEO of the new EBay Inc. He will lead the eBay Marketplaces and eBay Enterprise businesses.

Maruti to recall 69 555 units of Dzire  Swift  RitzMaruti to recall 69,555 units of Dzire, Swift, Ritz
PTI  New Delhi, September 30, 2014
First Published: 17:52 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:58 IST(30/9/2014)
Comments
Maruti Suzuki India on Tuesday announced recall of 69,555 units of Dzire, Swift and Ritz models manufactured between March 2010 and August 2013 to repair wiring harness fitment.
The recall is only for the diesel variants of the three models. Out of the total, 55,938 units are of old Dzire, 12,486 units of old Swift and 1,131 units of Ritz, which were manufactured between March 8, 2010 and August 11, 2013, the company said in a statement.
This exercise is limited to vehicles within the above specified range and does not pertain to any other vehicle of the company or its exports, it added.
According to the company, the recall was done in order to rectify possible issues with the routing of the wiring harness that connects to the battery.
"Maruti Suzuki dealers will contact owners of all the affected vehicles. The dealer workshop technicians will inspect the wiring harness fitment condition and carry out the necessary repairs, free of cost," MSI said.
Earlier this year in April, in one of the biggest vehicle recalls, MSI had recalled 1,03,311 units of its popular models -- Ertiga, Swift and DZire -- manufactured between November 12, 2013 and February 4, 2014 to replace faulty fuel filler neck.
Ever since auto industry body Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers started voluntary recall for safety related in July 2012, a total of nearly 6.1 lakh vehicles have been recalled by various manufacturers in India.

Sensex ends 62 points lower  RIL down by 1.96%Sensex ends 62 points lower, RIL down by 1.96%
PTI  Mumbai, October 01, 2014
First Published: 09:49 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 17:20 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
The BSE benchmark Sensex on Wednesday closed 62 points lower due to profit-booking ahead of long week-end amid reports that India's manufacturing sector in September expanded at the slowest pace in nine months.
The 30-share Sensex after moving in a tight range for the major part of the session ended 62.52 points, or 0.23%, lower at 26,567.99.
The 50-share NSE Nifty moved down by 19.25 points, or 0.24%, to finish at 7,945.55.
"Profit-booking and cautious approach by participants ahead of a long week-end and slowdown in September manufacturing  weakened market sentiments", said Manoj Choraria, a  Delhi-based broker.
Stock markets will now reopen for trading on Tuesday after a long week-end.
According to an HSBC survey, the headline HSBC India Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) -- a composite gauge designed to give a single-figure snapshot of manufacturing business conditions -- dropped from 52.4 in August to 51.0 in September, the slowest pace of growth since December, 2013.
Brokers said in view of long holidays ahead investors were seen refraining from enlarging their positions, they even reduced positions.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs. 485.93 crore on Tuesday.
Stocks of oil and gas companies came under selling pressure, tracking lower global crude oil prices which dropped to two-year low.
RIL fell by 1.96%, ONGC by 1.58% and GAIL 2.27%, dragging down the benchmark Sensex.
Bucking the trend, IT stocks led by Infosys, Tata Consultancy Services and Wipro rose, after rupee fell to seven-month low against the dollar.
Nearly 60% revenues of IT companies comes in dollar.
Stocks of Hero MotoCorp, the country's largest two-wheeler maker, climbed 1.24% after company reported over 30% jump in its sales in September to six lakh units, riding on strong festive season demand.
In 30-share Sensex, 20 stocks ended in the negative zone, 9 settled higher, while Tata Motors closed flat.
Sectorwise, the Oil & Gas sector index suffered the most by losing 1.55%, followed by FMCG index by 1.26%, Consumer Durables index 0.85%, Banking index closed 0.44% lower.

Antarctic Sea Ice Just Hit A New MaximumPrevious Story
Next Story
Antarctic Sea Ice Just Hit A New Maximum, But That Doesn't Mean The Continent's Not Warming
Climate Central  | By                                                                Andrea Thompson
Posted:
Updated:
10/01/2014  6:59 pm EDT
Aerial view of ice pack - Ross Sea, Antarctica. (Photo by DeAgostini/Getty Images) | DEA / C.DANI / I.JESKE via Getty Images
This story originally appeared on Climate Central.
The donut of sea ice encircling Antarctica is hovering around its yearly winter maximum area, and there’s little question that it’s going to set a record high this year.
“Antarctic sea ice in 2014 is going to set a record for sure,” said Ted Scambos, a senior scientist with the National Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder, Colo.
This end-of-season apex will have surpassed 20 million square kilometers (or 7.7 million square miles) “for the first time ever to our knowledge,” Scambos told Climate Central. And not only will the maximum be a record, but “nearly every day has been a record for that day in the satellite record” this year, he added, following a pattern of anomalously high winter maximums since 2012. (The satellite record extends back to the late 70s-early 80s.)
This boom of sea ice around the southernmost continent in the past few years stands in stark contrast to the decades-long decline of sea ice in the Arctic Ocean. Arctic sea ice hit its sixth lowest extent at the end of this summer, with part of the ice’s edge coming within 5 degrees latitude of the North Pole.
That Arctic ice melt is robustly connected to the overall warming of the planet . The loss of reflective, white ice also amplifies the warming around the North Pole; as more dark, open ocean is exposed to incoming sunlight, the water absorbs those rays, heats even more and melts more ice. The growth of Antarctic sea ice may also, paradoxically, be connected to global warming, though the exact combination of causes is still a major area of study. And just what the causes turn out to be will affect how long the Antarctic growth will go on for.
“I think there’s still some debate going on about how this is all pieced together,” Scambos said.
Winter Max
Because the Northern and Southern Hemispheres experience opposite seasons, Antarctic sea ice always sees its winter maximum extent when the Arctic hits its summer minimum. (The timing is actually a little bit off, as the Arctic minimum typically comes in mid-September before the onset of fall causes ice to start refreezing, while the Antarctic maximum has been trending later in recent years, reaching into October before a clear melting trend emerges.)
Antarctic sea ice doesn’t take as sharp a curve when it switches from a state of growth to melt as the Arctic does in the other direction, which means it takes longer for researchers to make the official call of the winter maximum, Scambos said. The chart of Antarctic sea ice growth also exhibits a lot more wiggles in it than the Arctic does, as storms and shifts in prevailing winds can impact how much of the seas around the continent are covered by ice. Researchers have to watch and ensure a late-season storm doesn’t boost the maximum.
Whatever this year’s maximum amount turns out to be, it has already beaten the record extents set consecutively in 2012 and 2013. On Sept. 19, the five-day average of sea ice area surpassed the 20 million square kilometer mark, according to NSIDC records , handily beating last year’s record extent of 19.5 million square kilometers. The extent has dropped slightly since then, but hasn’t yet started a clear downward trend into the spring melt.
Antarctic sea ice extent for September 20, 2014 was 20.07 million square kilometers (7.75 million square miles). The orange line in the figure shows the 1981-2010 average extent for that day, and the black cross indicates the geographic South Pole.
But even apart from the record maximum extent, 2014 has been an exceptional year with record extents for most calendar days, with the exception of two periods, one during March and April and one in July, Scambos said.
While this record ice growth would seem to contradict global warming or make up for the melting in the Arctic, it does neither, scientists say. The percent rise in Antarctic sea ice extent is smaller than the decline in Arctic sea ice, and the Antarctic growth is “nowhere near the kind of potential climate impact we’re seeing from losing Arctic ice,” Scambos said. The growth might even be a symptom of the Earth’s changing climate.
Wind vs. Water
The reasons behind the growth of Antarctic ice are less well understood than those causing the Arctic’s melt. Two main explanations for the growth of Antarctica’s sea ice have emerged: one involving wind, the other water.
Some researchers have linked the growing sea ice to changes in the prevailing westerly winds that circle around the continent (those changes have in turn been variously linked to the ozone hole, warming of the Antarctic continent, and natural variations). As the winds blow stronger, they push ice ahead of them and to the left of the direction of motion, which in Antarctica is away from the continent. This spreads the ice and opens new areas of water that can then freeze.
Wind has been shown to be a good explanation for the general upward trend over the past few decades, Scambos said, adding that it remains to be seen whether it can also explain the more dramatic uptick of recent years.
It’s also possible that the main cause of the melt is the warm ocean waters that are reaching the base of the massive, miles-thick ice sheet that covers Antarctica at points where the flowing glaciers that make up the ice sheet flow into the ocean. The melt of many of those glaciers has dramatically increased in recent decades — recent studies have found that the melt of some is now unstoppable .
That melt creates a layer of fresher water at the ocean’s surface, and while it isn’t enough of a change to lower the freezing point of the water, it does act as a more stable barrier when the freezing point is reach and ice begins to form.
“It’s sort of a stable, cold puddle in which ice can readily grow if it gets below freezing,” Scambos said, adding that the puddle “is more stable and thicker than it used to be.”
But which of these factors is the dominant force and what amount of the ice growth each accounts for is something scientists are still avidly investigating.
The growth of Antarctic sea ice through the austral winter (summer in the Northern Hemisphere), as compared to 2013 and the 1981-2010 average.
“There hasn’t been really a resolution as to which of these potential explanations is the best explanation” for these years of rapid growth, Scambos said.
“Really it’s a time where the understanding of climate and sea ice interaction around Antarctica is in a state of flux.”
Which one turns out to be the bigger influence could determine whether the trend of the past few years continues. If the melting and freshening of the ice is the main driver, then “the trend is not going to go away very easily,” Scambos said, as glaciers are likely to melt more and more as the continent warms.
And one thing is clear: the continent is warming. “By several measures, Antarctica is getting warmer ,” Scambos said. For example, temperature records from the continent show “a fuzzy but distinctly warming trend for most of Antarctica.”
“Yeah, we don’t understand everything about the Antarctic sea ice extent,” he said, but trends in temperatures, winds and other factors are very much in line with greenhouse-driven warming.
“Antarctica is very much participating in the overall global climate,” Scambos said.
Also on HuffPost:

Boeing 787 DreamlinerAI loss Rs 800cr in books in sale of 5 Boeing777 to Etihad
Jul 21, 2014 at 20:10 | Source: PTI
The national carrier generated a surplus of over USD 25 million after prepayment of aircraft loan and saved a further USD five million per month towards loan and interest repayment, said Minister of State for Civil Aviation G M Siddeshwara.
AI puts up 5 more Dreamliners for leaseback
Jul 04, 2014 at 21:44 | Source: PTI
The national carrier has issued a tender inviting bids for the sale and leaseback of five Boeing 787-8 Dreamliners, which were delivered between August 26 last year and January 28 this year, the bid document said.
AI joins global grouping Star Alliance
Jun 24, 2014 at 17:03 | Source: PTI
Ending a seven-year-long wait, the Star Alliance Chief Executive Board (CEB), at its meeting in London yesterday, gave an endorsement vote to induct Air India into the fold.
Air India set to enter airlines network Star Alliance
May 01, 2014 at 14:32 | Source: PTI
Air India would have one of its Boeing 787 Dreamliners and an Airbus A-320, signifying its international and domestic operations, painted with the Star Alliance logo and livery for the launch, Nandan said.
Air India seeks bridge loan of $500 million
Apr 18, 2014 at 12:12 | Source: PTI
The state-run airline is offering the aircraft as security and will repay the loan after it concludes a sale and lease- back arrangement, it said, adding there will be no government guarantee for the loan.
British Airways bullish on Indian market
Mar 31, 2014 at 20:39 | Source: PTI
"India is one of the fastest growing markets for British Airways. It is only second to North America. We would like to improve our share as we expand. We grow around 10 percent in terms of seats in this market.
Air India Boeing 787 diverted after software glitch
Feb 06, 2014 at 14:28 | Source: Reuters
Engineers flew from Hong Kong to fix the glitch, a spokesman for state-run Air India said, adding the plane with 215 passengers on board was due to take off for New Delhi on Thursday afternoon.
AI hopes to conclude deals on 14 of its Dreamliners
Jan 13, 2014 at 21:40 | Source: PTI
With the leaseback of the first lot of seven Dreamliners finalised, Air India has now issued tenders for seven more for which it wants to conclude the process by March, taking the total to 14
Forward movement for Indian aviation industry in 2013
Dec 29, 2013 at 11:20 | Source: PTI
A year after the government changed its policy to allow foreign airlines pick up stake in Indian carriers, tangible results in the form of the Jet-Etihad deal, AirAsia India and Tata-Singapore Airlines joint ventures, were seen in 2013 which are expected to bloom next year.
Nov 11, 2013 at 19:57 | Source: Reuters
The number of plane orders being discussed and the possible value was not immediately clear.
AI loss Rs 800cr in books in sale of 5 Boeing777 to Etihad
Jul 21, 2014 at 20:10 | Source: PTI
The national carrier generated a surplus of over USD 25 million after prepayment of aircraft loan and saved a further USD five million per month towards loan and interest repayment, said Minister of State for Civil Aviation G M Siddeshwara.
AI puts up 5 more Dreamliners for leaseback
Jul 04, 2014 at 21:44 | Source: PTI
The national carrier has issued a tender inviting bids for the sale and leaseback of five Boeing 787-8 Dreamliners, which were delivered between August 26 last year and January 28 this year, the bid document said.
AI joins global grouping Star Alliance
Jun 24, 2014 at 17:03 | Source: PTI
Ending a seven-year-long wait, the Star Alliance Chief Executive Board (CEB), at its meeting in London yesterday, gave an endorsement vote to induct Air India into the fold.
Air India set to enter airlines network Star Alliance
May 01, 2014 at 14:32 | Source: PTI
Air India would have one of its Boeing 787 Dreamliners and an Airbus A-320, signifying its international and domestic operations, painted with the Star Alliance logo and livery for the launch, Nandan said.
Air India seeks bridge loan of $500 million
Apr 18, 2014 at 12:12 | Source: PTI
The state-run airline is offering the aircraft as security and will repay the loan after it concludes a sale and lease- back arrangement, it said, adding there will be no government guarantee for the loan.
British Airways bullish on Indian market
Mar 31, 2014 at 20:39 | Source: PTI
"India is one of the fastest growing markets for British Airways. It is only second to North America. We would like to improve our share as we expand. We grow around 10 percent in terms of seats in this market.
Air India Boeing 787 diverted after software glitch
Feb 06, 2014 at 14:28 | Source: Reuters
Engineers flew from Hong Kong to fix the glitch, a spokesman for state-run Air India said, adding the plane with 215 passengers on board was due to take off for New Delhi on Thursday afternoon.
AI hopes to conclude deals on 14 of its Dreamliners
Jan 13, 2014 at 21:40 | Source: PTI
With the leaseback of the first lot of seven Dreamliners finalised, Air India has now issued tenders for seven more for which it wants to conclude the process by March, taking the total to 14
Forward movement for Indian aviation industry in 2013
Dec 29, 2013 at 11:20 | Source: PTI
A year after the government changed its policy to allow foreign airlines pick up stake in Indian carriers, tangible results in the form of the Jet-Etihad deal, AirAsia India and Tata-Singapore Airlines joint ventures, were seen in 2013 which are expected to bloom next year.
Nov 11, 2013 at 19:57 | Source: Reuters
The number of plane orders being discussed and the possible value was not immediately clear.
Videos »

Hong Kong police arrest 19 in protest clashLocal police take a man away from the confrontation of pro-democracy student protesters and angry local residents in Kowloon's crowded Mong Kok district (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Hong Kong | Posted: October 4, 2014 10:55 am | Updated: October 4, 2014 12:05 pm
Hong Kong arrested 19 people, some believed to have organized crime ties, during a night of running brawls stretching into Saturday as mobs tried to drive pro-democracy protesters from the streets where they’ve held a weeklong, largely peaceful demonstration.
At least 12 people and six officers were injured during the clashes, Senior Superintendent Patrick Kwok Pak-chung said. Protest leaders called off planned talks with the government on political reforms after the battles kicked off Friday afternoon in gritty, blue-collar Mong Kok, across Victoria Harbor from the activists’ main protest camp.
Police struggled for hours to control the battles as attackers pushed, shoved and jeered the protesters. Those arrested face charges of unlawful assembly, fighting in public and assault, Kwok said, adding that eight men are believed to have backgrounds involving triads, or organized crime gangs.
The protesters urged residents to join their cause and demanded that police protect their encampments. The Hong Kong Federation of Students, one of the groups leading the demonstrations that drew tens of thousands of people earlier this week, said they saw no choice but to cancel the dialogue.
“The government is demanding the streets be cleared. We call upon all Hong Kong people to immediately come to protect our positions and fight to the end,” the group said in a statement.
They demanded the government hold someone responsible for the scuffles, the worst disturbances since police used tear gas and pepper spray on protesters last weekend to try to disperse them.
“Of course I’m scared, but we have to stay and support everyone,” said Michael Yipu, 28, who works in a bank.
The allegations that organized crime members were involved in the clashes fueled jitters Saturday at the movement’s main camp, on a highway outside government headquarters. There were frequent calls for supporters to rush to barricades after sporadic rumors that people were coming to attack them.
“Many people are gathering here and they are very determined to unite against the triad members,” said Amy Ho, 21, who was studying translation at university.
The standoff is the biggest challenge to Beijing’s authority since it took over the former British colony in 1997. Earlier Friday, the students had agreed to talks with the government proposed by Hong Kong’s leader, Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying. But his attempt to defuse tensions fell flat as many protesters were unhappy with his refusal to yield to their demands for his resignation.
The cancellation of the talks – prompted by clashes with men who tried to tear down the makeshift barricades and tents set up by the demonstrators – left the next steps in the crisis uncertain.
It was unclear if those scuffles were spontaneous or had been organized, although some of continued…

Amitabh Bachchan  Rekha reunite in R Balki s ShamitabhAmitabh Bachchan, Rekha reunite in R Balki's Shamitabh
Prashant Singh , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 04, 2014
First Published: 12:49 IST(4/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:08 IST(4/10/2014)
Comments
In the ’70s, they teamed up for several blockbusters. But the last time Amitabh Bachchan and Rekha worked together was in 1981 (in Yash Chopra’s Silsila). Now, after more than three decades, they’ll be seen in the same film again, although it’s not clear whether they will have any scenes together.
  
Dhanush and Amitabh Bachchan in a still from Shamitabh.
Amitabh Bachchan in a still from Shamitabh.
Amitabh Bachchan shared the picture on Twitter saying, "Moses makes Shamitabh."
Amitabh Bachchan on the sets of Shamitabh.
R Balki, Dhanush and Akshara Haasan on the sets of their film Shamitabh. (HT Photo/Viral Bhayani)
Amitabh Bachchan’s haggard look for a scene in Shamitabh. (HT Photo/Viral Bhayani)
Amitabh Bachchan had a busy day at work and shared the images with his fans on Facebook. He captioned this one with, "At work in a day ... and the ...
LOOK whom I'm sharing screen space with in shamitabh. The one and only REKHA JI !!! #beautyforever pic.twitter.com/PqVwJbPPup
— Dhanush (@dhanushkraja) October 1, 2014
While Balki couldn’t be reached for a comment despite repeated attempts, on being contacted, Dhanush didn’t deny the news, saying, "It won’t be opportune on my part to comment on it. Balki sir would be the right person to talk about it."

M&A activity in India up 16.5% at $26.1n in Jan-Sept 2014: reportThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Facebook s WhatsApp deal gets regulatory OK in EuropeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Swedish mother gives birth to world s first  transplanted womb  babyAn analysis of mobile apps has revealed that between 75 and 97% of apps - on both android and iOS devices - have been hacked.
Swedish mother gives birth to world's first 'transplanted womb' baby
AP
For the world's first baby born to a woman with a transplanted womb - a medical first - only a victorious name would do.
Which is why his parents named him "Vincent," meaning "to conquer," according to his mother.
The 36-year-old Swedish mother learned she had no womb when she was 15 and was devastated, she said Saturday in an interview with The Associated Press.
"I was terribly sad when doctors told me I would never carry my own child," said the woman, who asked not to be identified.
More than a decade later, she heard about research led by Dr. Mats Brannstrom, a professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the University of Gothenburg and Stockholm IVF, on transplanting wombs into women who didn't have one. She immediately signed up.
"Mats told us there were no guarantees, but my partner and I, maybe we like to take risks, we thought this was the perfect idea," she said.
The woman's mother had wanted to be a donor but wasn't a match. Instead, she received her new womb from a 61-year-old family friend, who had previously had two sons.
The womb donor is now baby Vincent's godmother and her two sons have also come to visit the family.
"She is an amazing person and she will always be in our lives," the mother said. "And she has a very special connection to my son." Brannstrom said it was "a fantastic feeling" to know that his research had led to Vincent's birth.
The feat opens up a new but still experimental alternative for some of the thousands of women who are unable to have children because they lost a uterus to cancer or were born without one. Before this case proved the concept can work, some experts had questioned whether a transplanted womb could nourish a fetus.
Others have questioned whether such an extreme step - expensive and fraught with medical risks - would be a realistic option for many women.
Dr. Glenn Schattman, past president of the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technologies and a Cornell University fertility specialist, said womb transplants are likely to remain very uncommon.
"This would not be done unless there were no other options," he said. "It requires a very long surgery and not without risk and complications."
For the proud parents, the years of research and experimentation were well worth the wait.
"It was a pretty tough journey over the years, but we now have the most amazing baby," the father said in a telephone interview. "He is very, very cute, and he doesn't even scream, he just murmurs."
He said he and his wife, both competitive athletes, were convinced the procedure would work, despite its experimental nature.
Brannstrom and colleagues transplanted wombs into nine women over the last two years as part of a study, but complications forced removal of two of the organs. Earlier this year, Brannstrom began transferring embryos into the seven other women. He said there are two other pregnancies at least 25 weeks along.
Before these cases, there had been two attempts to transplant a womb - in Saudi Arabia and Turkey - but no live births resulted. Doctors in Britain, France, Japan, Turkey and elsewhere are planning to try similar operations, but using wombs from women who have just died instead of from live donors.
The Swedish woman had healthy ovaries, but she was born without a uterus - a syndrome seen in one girl in 4,500. The donor had gone through menopause after giving birth to two children.
Brannstrom said that he was surprised such an old uterus was so successful, but that the most important factor seemed to be that the womb was healthy.
The recipient has had to take three medicines to prevent her body from rejecting the new organ. About six weeks after the transplant, she got her menstrual period - a sign the womb was healthy.
After one year, when doctors were confident the womb was working well, they transferred a single embryo created in a lab dish using the woman's eggs and her husband's sperm.
The woman, who has only one kidney, had three mild rejection episodes, including one during pregnancy, but all were successfully treated. The research was paid for by the Jane and Dan Olsson Foundation for Science, a Swedish charity.
The baby's growth and blood flow to the womb and umbilical cord were normal until the 31st week of pregnancy, when the mother developed a dangerous high-blood-pressure condition called preeclampsia.
After an abnormal fetal heart rate was detected, the baby was delivered by cesarean section. He weighed 3.9 pounds (1.8 kg) - normal for that stage of pregnancy. Full gestation is about 40 weeks. The baby was released from the neonatal unit 10 days after birth.
Details of the case are to be published soon in the journal Lancet.
Brannstrom said he was concerned he might have hurt the womb during the C-section and said they would have to wait a couple of months before knowing if a second pregnancy is possible.
"As soon as I felt this perfect baby boy on my chest, I had tears of happiness and enormous relief," the mother said. "I felt like a mother the first time I touched my baby and was amazed that we finally did it."
Though she and her husband are adjusting to some sleepless nights, she said Vincent is a very calm baby and they are all enjoying "the usual amazing moments" new parents experience.
She acknowledged that taking the anti-rejection medicines isn't easy.
"All the medicines are wearing on my body and my other organs, so we will have to see how it develops," she said, adding she and her husband would be willing to go through it again for a second baby.
"I have always had this large sorrow because I never thought I would be a mother," she said. "And now the impossible has become real."

Modi kicks off BJP s election campaign with sharp attack on Cong  Sonia hits backComments
Five months after a highly successful Lok Sabha election campaign, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is back to doing what he does best — working the crowds, wooing them with his one-liners and boundless energy. His request: absolute majority for the BJP in Maharashtra and Haryana.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at an election campaign rally in in Karnal. (PTI photo)
Kicking off his campaign for the October 15 assembly polls on Saturday, Modi slipped easily into his role of champion vote-seeker at his first rally of the day — in the northern state’s Karnal district. Accusing the ruling Congress and opposition Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) of neglecting farmers and promoting goondaism, he appealed to voters to give the BJP a chance.
Alleging irregularities in land allotment, he asked, “Who among the poor has got a plot? ...But where have thousands of acres of land disappeared, who has taken this? Does Haryana want to settle the account?”
In a veiled attack on the INLD, he asked the people if they would like to be governed from jail. INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala, serving a jail sentence in a corruption case but currently out on bail, had said he’d take oath as CM from Tihar.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being presented with a momento during the election campaign rally in favour of BJP candidates in Aurangabad. (PTI Photo)
Promising development and jobs, he hinted that Karnal may be part of his 100 smart cities project. And carrying forward his Swachh Bharat mission, he said, “We may be living in the age of Hi-Fi and Wi-Fi but safai (cleanliness) is equally important.”
Ending the day in Mumbai, he told a crowd at the Mahalaxmi Race Course, “Mumbai and Maharashtra’s growth is important for the country’s growth. I can’t leave Mumbai helpless any longer. The city is the birthplace of the BJP, which has achieved so much in such a short time.”
Attacking the ruling Congress and its ally, the NCP, but choosing to ignore former ally Shiv Sena, Modi said, “Amitabh Bachchan hosts a TV show, Kaun Banega Crorepati, but these Congress and NCP leaders have been playing Kaun Banega Arabpati all these years. Did 15 years of Congress-NCP government do any good to you, to farmers, to the poor?”
Watch: Modi, sounds poll bugle, tells Haryana voters to oust Congress
“Believe me, I can change Mumbai and Maharashtra. This is the city where most terrorist attacks happened, where most communal riots happened. Who is responsible? Do you not want to get rid of this?”
Earlier, in Beed and Aurangabad in drought-affected central Maharashtra, he appealed to voters to work towards a majority government of the BJP.
At each of his rallies, the PM also made it a point to recall his American trip, telling people, “I think small, but I think of doing big things for small people. Did India’s name ever reverberate in the US before? It did this time, not because of Modi but because of its 125 crore people.”
The audience, hanging on to Modi’s every word, didn’t have time for other speakers. Karnal MP Ashwini Kumar Chopra Minna had to leave his address mid-way after being booed. “I know you all have come to listen to Modiji, I can talk to you some other day,” he said.
Empty vessels make the most noise: Sonia Gandhi
Barely two hours after his Karnal speech, Sonia hit out at Modi at a rally in Meham, saying “empty vessels make the most noise”.
“They are creating such an atmosphere as if nothing has happened in the country since Independence,” she said.
"Has inflation come down? Is the poor man getting food at cheaper rate? Have the unemployed got jobs?" she asked.
Over the next 10 days Modi will be on a campaign blitzkrieg in the two poll-bound states, with over 10 rallies in Haryana and more than 20 in Maharashtra.
With no local face in these two states, the BJP is banking heavily on him for campaigning, especially since the party split with its allies, the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and the Haryana Janhit Congress in Haryana.

China tests 10 000-km range nuclear missile  can reach many US citiesprint
China has flight tested an upgraded version of its 10,000-km range Dongfeng missile which can reach most of the US and European cities, demonstrating its nuclear capability, media reports said.
The People's Liberation Army (PLA) launched a Dongfeng-31B on September 25, days before its October 1 National Day from the Wuzhai Missile and Space Test Centre, also called Taiyuan Satellite Launch Centre in Shanxi province, Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post said quoting US media reports.
The first flight test of an upgraded mobile intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) in the lead-up to the National Day aimed to show the world that China was reinforcing its nuclear deterrent, it quoted military experts as saying.
The DF-31B is an upgraded version of the DF-31A and the launch was at least the second time the PLA's Second Artillery Corps had tested a DF-31 missile in the past three months.
In late July, the PLA conducted a flight test of a DF-31A in what was the fourth known flight test of that missile in two years, it said.
The DF-31 system has an estimated range of nearly 10,000 kms, enough to deliver a nuclear warhead to the capitals of Europe or the west coast of the US.
 The mobile missiles are designed specifically for travel over rugged terrain and in difficult road conditions.
Xu Guangyu, a Beijing-based retired PLA major general said the strategic aim of the test is "Beijing just wants to increase China's military might and its nuclear strategic threat. It's not really targeting the US or other countries".
"China needs to conduct intensive weapons tests and military drills because the (US-led build-up) now in the Asia-Pacific area is not good for Beijing," he told the Post.
Earlier state media reports said Beijing would roll out the Dongfeng-41, a system designed to have a range of 12,000 kms, allowing it to hit targets anywhere in the US.
Xu said the US' "pivot to Asia" and its plan to send 60 per cent of its military force to the region by 2020 had put pressure on Beijing to step up missile development.
"It's normal for China to develop other, more advanced missiles given that a weapon cycle is between five and seven years, and the DF-31A was delivered to the PLA in 2006," he said.
Macau-based military expert Antony Wong Dong said it was hard to tell the difference between the DF-31A and DF-31B, but the upgraded version might have better performance.
"The DF-31A was designed to carry three warheads. I think the new DF-31B is possibly a multi-warhead version with higher accuracy," Wong said.
In January, PLA Daily posted 17 photos of a live drill of the DF-31A on its website, the first public glimpse of the advanced weapon.
The PLA also tested a hypersonic vehicle, the Wu-14, on August 7 in Shanxi. The launch failed despite a successful first test in January, the Post report said.

Festivities end  garbage on the streetsUpdated: October 5, 2014 00:03 IST
Festivities end, garbage on the streets
Chitra V. Ramani
lifestyle and leisure
The day after citizens celebrated Ayudha Pooja and Vijayadashami with fervour, there were huge mounds of uncleared garbage across the city.
Many thoroughfares were littered with garbage, including banana stems and vegetable waste. Garbage lay uncleared on Avenue Road, Mysore Road and other areas surrounding the city’s markets.
Many residents pointed out that garbage had not been cleared during the festival days. They said that garbage collectors, including pourakarmikas and supervisors, celebrated Ayudha Pooja by decorating garbage trucks. “Since the vehicles were worshipped, the pourakarmikas did not clear the garbage,” a resident of Banashankari told The Hindu.
The city generates around 4,000 tonnes of garbage every day. Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) Commissioner M. Lakshminarayan told The Hindu that around 260 tonnes of excess garbage had been generated during the festival. The additional waste mostly comprises green waste. It will be sent to the Karnataka Compost Development Corporation’s processing facility.
The civic chief assured that all the garbage would be cleared by Monday. Additional staff and vehicles have been deployed in each zone.

Raina blasts Knight Riders  ends CSKs three-year wait for titleprint
Suresh Raina has been in imperious form of late and his explosive, unbeaten 109 shut out Kolkata Knight Riders and gave Chennai Super Kings their second Champions League T20 title.
The IPL champions, having had to come to terms with the absence of match-winning spinner Sunil Narine, still would have backed themselves after skipper Gautam Gambhir’s 80 lifted them to a challenging 180. But the success of CSK left-arm spinner Pawan Negi, who captured five for 22 to hold back KKR, would have left Gambhir and Co wishing they had Narine to provide a fitting answer.
But there was little that could have stopped Raina. He played an array of shots, with power and authority to make light of the target, in the end winning by eight wickets with nine balls to spare.
Suresh Raina plays a shot during the CLT20 final match against Kolkata Knight Riders at Chinnaswamy Satdium in Bengaluru. (PTI Photo)
Dwayne Smith fell early, to a brilliant slow yorker from Pat Cummins. Coming in at No 3, Raina drove through his pet widish long off area and pulled imperiously through mid-wicket. Kuldeep Yadav could hardly find anything to celebrate his India call up.
Raina’s fifty came off just 27 balls at the other end.
Running well
Picking singles and a series of doubles, Raina-McCullum pair notched up the 100 partnership in 66 balls. McCullum fell for 39, but skipper MS Dhoni in a surprise move promoted himself to No 4. Raina raced to his century in 59 balls. It was laced with six fours and seven sixes.
With the dew a concern, CSK asked KKR to bat first. KKR started with a huge handicap. Still, their huddle had one main focus: Let’s do it for Narine.
KKR bowler Pat Cummins being congratulated by team-mates after he dismissed Dwayne Smith. (Ajay Aggarwal/HT Photo)
Gambhir’s run of not finding gaps finally ended with a crunchy drive through mid-wicket and later a hook off Mohit Sharma. At the other end, Robin Uthappa, spurred by his home crowd, caressed one straight past Mohit Sharma. The opening pair raised 91 runs before Pawan Negi had Uthappa stumped. Jacques Kallis lasted just four balls as Negi had him caught at deep cover.
Solid knock
Gambhir, before being caught at long off, had inspired the team with a solid 80 off 52 balls, including seven fours and three sixes.
Manish Pandey and Yusuf Pathan promised a formidable total. Pandey was severe on Ashish Nehra, hitting two sixes and a four to collect 19 runs in the 18th over.
Negi, however, had him caught by McCullum.
But CSK were back in the game in the 19th over, Negi picking up three wickets for just 2 runs. Yusuf Pathan went after Nehra and 19 runs came from the last over. But the onset of dew, the absence of Narine and the batting might of Chennai made it an evening KKR would rather forget. The fifteenth win in a row was not to be.

He saved grandsons but lost wife anddaughter“Gandhi Maidan is fast becoming a killing ground,” said Durga Singh.
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:50 am
Barkha Rani, 30, hadn’t been to Gandhi Maidan in two years. This time, she insisted that her father, 56-year-old Durga Singh, take her. On Friday, they went for Dussehra celebrations with Singh’s wife Manju Devi and Barkha’s sons Aditya, 5, and Manu, 1. But only three of them returned.
In the stampede that claimed 33 lives, Singh managed to save the two boys, but lost his wife and daughter.
“When we were about to return from Gandhi Maidan, the crowd started pushing us. I lifted my grandsons but my wife and daughter were swept away,” he said.
Singh said he waited for the crowd to disperse, but by then it was too late. “An ambulance took them to PMCH, where I could only identify their bodies.”
Singh, a resident of Patna’s Panchshil Nagar, blamed the government for the incident. “Gandhi Maidan is fast becoming a killing ground,” he said.

Austerity drive earns brickbats but thrift could be wayforwardPresident National Olympics Committee of Indonesia Rita Subowo (right) and Mayor of Incheon Yoo Jeong-bok during the closing ceremony in Incheon on Saturday. (Source: AP)
Written by Mihir Vasavda | Incheon | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:46 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 8:36 am
Every day, thousands of visitors touch down at the Incheon International Airport — one of the world’s busiest — and immediately embark on a half-hour journey to Seoul.
For the last two weeks, though, the organisers have been striving to keep those people in the port city, having miserably failed to draw them from the capital. But as the Incheon Games drew to a close with an underwhelming closing ceremony on Saturday, one wondered if the organisers had taken their austerity drive a bit too far.
Incheon has given an impression of a city that is desperate to throw a lavish party but just does not have enough cash to buy the booze. For the locals, the Asian Games began with the football quarterfinal between South Korea and Japan and ended with the baseball final. There has been almost zero crowd involvement in other sports.
The conduct has drawn criticism from several quarters. The local media has called the Games a ‘bloated school sports day,’ while a Japanese official played with fire by calling Korea a ‘developing nation’ for the way it has conducted the event. Yasuhiro Nakamori, a spokesman for the Japanese delegation, was so incensed after realising that the football training venue did not have a locker room that he said, “we are used to it because most training venues at developing countries are like this.”
Tubagus Ade Lukman, chef de mission of next Asian Games’ hosts Indonesia, called the transport facilities second-rate. “As someone who attended both the Doha and Guangzhou Games, I would say that both were better than this year’s Asiad,” he was quoted as saying by the local media. “Transportation was especially second-rate.”
The organisers have been on the defensive throughout. “I do acknowledge the problems and apologize,” Kwon Kyung-sang, secretary general of the Organizing Committee, said. “But the criticism that the international sporting event had degenerated into a school sports day is very insulting.”
You tend to empathise with Kwon. As a branding exercise, the Games have had their moments. In 1986, the event gave Seoul the platform to host a successful Olympics two years later. Doha’s 2006 Games were seen as a significant step in Qatar’s international ambitions, laying the foundation for the country’s successful bid to hold soccer’s World Cup in 2022.
For Incheon, a city with continental ambitions and financial problems, it was crucial that the Games succeeded. But they have had a hard time selling these Games to the locals, who are still mourning the loss of hundreds of lives in a boat tragedy.
Incheon serves as the gateway to Korea and the Han River separates it from its sister-city Seoul. Ferries ply between Incheon and several cities dotted along the coastline.
Sadly, one of these ships, the MV Sewol, departed from Incheon last April with a course set for the outlying continued…
we are used to it because most training venues at developing countries are like this

Villagers in Bastar wait six months  get rottingrationThe spoilt ration
Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:44 am
The public distribution system in Chhattisgarh recently failed to deliver in the violence-hit zone of Bastar.
During a much-publicised event, the Sukma administration recently sent a convoy comprising 22 vehicles from Dornapal to Jagargunda, a remote tribal area in the district. It took over 30 hours as the convoy, escorted by security personnel, passed through forests and streams.
Several road-opening parties were deployed and extensive de-mining exercises were carried out by the forces along the stretch.
However, when the vehicles reached Jagargunda, almost the entire ration was found rotting. The trucks had brought 1,603 quintal rice, 182 quintal pulses, 8,096 kg potatoes and 8,096 kg onions, among material. While the pulses had worms, perishable items were rotting.
Jagargunda does not have any shop and PDS reaches here once in six months. Villagers have refused to accept their six-month supply of food items.
The matter was reported Saturday by a few local journalists who accompanied the convoy. District panchayat member Janki Kawasi said, “The ration is not even fit for animals.”

A half-open exit  lights out and no crowdplanVictims relatives at a hospital waiting for her treatment.
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:37 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 12:53 pm
A day after the stampede at Patna’s Gandhi Maidan, the toll climbed to 33 on Saturday. Eyewitnesses, meanwhile, pointed to lapses that led to the tragedy. People present at the spot, where 5 lakh people had gathered for Dussehra celebrations, said the “half-open” main gate had a broken and uneven iron ramp, which made many in the crowd trip and fall.
The maximum deaths were caused on the 30 metre stretch between the gate and Ramgulam Chowk. The extent of chaos at the gate — one of four at Gandhi Maidan — can be assessed from the fact that six police jeeps were required to take away the footwear left behind.
The state government has claimed that CCTV footage of the gate does not show “clear evidence of a stampede”. It also said that “people may have died because of asphyxia”. However, an inspection of the ground suggested that standard operating procedures for crowd management were not followed.
The Ramlila Samiti and the Patna district administration, responsible for organising the event, did not anticipate such a huge crowd.
Though Gandhi Maidan has a high mast light and more than 50 other lights, only 20 per cent were working.
There was only one main entrance and exit gate, which was half-open. Vehicles were allowed to be parked outside, clogging the exit. Hawkers around the main gate made matters worse.
A senior police officer said, “As per SOP for crowd management, the situation must be controlled using barricades and a separate exit.
There should be a clear-cut evacuation plan with mandatory instructions to open gates that are shut. All roads leading from the venue to the hospital should be kept clear of heavy vehicles.”
The officer conceded that these procedures were not followed and the police “wasted too much energy in ensuring the smooth exit of VVIPs”. In fact, one of the main gates was open only for VIPs.
Hareram Sao, a Gardaninagh resident, said, “It happened between 6.45 pm and 7.15 pm. The CM had just left and we were waiting to leave. The half-open gate didn’t allow so many people to get out at once and the broken foot-ramp made people trip.”
Mohammed Mumtaz, another witness, said that a cable hanging at the gate made some people think it was a live electricity wire.
Mohammed Niyad, a witness who said he took six of the injured to Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH), said, “Police made matters worse by starting lathi charge towards the end. Who will take criminal responsibility for 33 deaths?”
At PMCH, there was chaos all around. Union minister Ramvilas Paswan said, “This isn’t a stampede, it’s murder.”

Liverpool finally open theiraccountLiverpool's Adam Lallana (L) celebrates with Philippe Coutinho after scoring the opening goal against West Bromwich Albion at Anfield on Saturday. (Source: AP)
Reuters | London | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:33 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 8:14 am
Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson scored as Liverpool registered their first Premier League win since August by grinding out a hard-fought 2-1 victory over West Bromwich Albion at Anfield on Saturday. Lallana’s first Liverpool goal was cancelled out by a controversial Saido Berahino penalty before Henderson’s driven winner helped last season’s runners-up climb to seventh. “It was vital (we won). We needed to find a way to win today against a side that is really high on confidence,” Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers told Sky Sports.
“An excellent result on the back of a disappointing European result. Their penalty was outside the box but the players showed their character and resilience to keep going and find a winner. It was an outstanding win for us.”
Papiss Cisse struck twice to ease the growing pressure on underfire Newcastle United manager Alan Pardew with a 2-2 draw against Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium. Steven Fletcher scored a brace as Sunderland beat Stoke City 3-1 to claim their first win of the season following five draws from their opening six games.
Goals by Yaya Toure and Sergio Aguero earned champions Manchester City a 2-0 win at Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday, although they left it late.
Their penalty was outside the box but the players showed their character and resilience

Hello nids hope u r well what do u expect from resultCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Atul moving from b to a groupCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Tukka sir we are with you agents will be agentsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

IISc undergraduate scores full marks in GREUpdated: October 2, 2014 02:40 IST
IISc undergraduate scores full marks in GRE
K.C. Deepika
entrance examination
A student of the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) has managed to score full marks in the GRE (Graduate Record Examinations). Aditya Hebbar, who is in his fourth year of the first batch of the four-year Bachelor of Science (B.S.) programme of the premier institute, scored 340 on 340 in the September exam.
Having passed out of Sri Kumaran Children’s Home, Kanakapura Road, Mr. Hebbar opted to pursue pure sciences over other professional courses despite having qualified in the State-administered Common Entrance Test (CET) and the Joint Entrance Examination. He is majoring in Physics.
This was his first attempt at cracking the GRE. “I prepared for a month and did not take any additional coaching,” he said. Mr. Hebbar’s father is a businessman while his mother is a homemaker.
Students in the four-year course of the IISc study physics, chemistry, mathematics, biology and a few engineering subjects such as material science, electronics and computer science in the first three semesters after which they can choose to major in any subject.
GRE General Test scores are currently accepted by thousands of graduate-level schools worldwide. Mr. Hebbar is planning to take up the GRE Subject Test on October 25 in Physics. Each Subject Test is intended for students who have an undergraduate major or extensive background in one of the seven disciplines: Biochemistry, Cell and Molecular Biology; Biology; Chemistry; Literature in English; Mathematics; Physics and Psychology.
“I am thinking of applying for a Ph.D. in Physics in the U.S. The universities I am looking at are Cornell University, University of California, Santa Barbara; or Harvard University. My long-term goal is to do research in particle physics,” Mr. Hebbar said.

JPMorgan hack exposes data of 83 mn  among biggest breaches in historyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Want to ensure Lakme remains an aspirational brand: Purnima Lamba  Head  Innovation  LakmeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

New video shows beheading of British hostage by ISUpdated: October 5, 2014 01:28 IST
Islamic State militants behead British aid worker Alan Henning
Parvathi Menon
AP This undated image shows a frame from a video released Friday, Oct. 3, 2014, by Islamic State militants that purports to show the killing of journalist Alan Henning by the militant group.
TOPICS
terrorism (crime)
The Islamic State (IS) announced the execution of a fourth western hostage through a video that purports to show the trial and execution of the victim.
Alan Henning (47), a taxi-driver-turned-aid-worker from Manchester had been put on the IS’s equivalent of death row at the time David Haines, a Scottish aid worker, was killed three weeks ago.
Despite repeated pleas from Mr. Henning’s wife and other members of his family, and from Muslim organisations the world over, the IS went ahead with its promised action of revenge for U.K. air strikes against its bases in Iraq.

Cubas remarkable response to the Ebola crisisBy Adam Taylor October 4 Follow @mradamtaylor
Extra help arrives to help contain the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, which has claimed more than 3,300 lives. (Reuters)
While the international community has been accused of dragging its feet on the Ebola crisis, Cuba, a country of just 11 million people that still enjoys a fraught relationship with the United States, has emerged as a crucial provider of medical expertise in the West African nations hit by Ebola.
On Thursday,  165 health professionals from the country arrived in Freetown, Sierra Leone, to join the fight against Ebola – the largest medical team of any single foreign nation, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). And after being trained to deal with Ebola, a further 296 Cuban doctors and nurses will go to Liberia and Guinea, the other two countries worst hit by the crisis.
Cuba is, by any measure, not a wealthy country. It had a Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of slightly more than $68 billion in 2011 , according to the World Bank, putting it a few places higher than Belarus. At $6,051, its GDP per capita was less than one-sixth of Britain's. However, its official response to Ebola seems far more robust than many countries far wealthier than it – and serves as further proof that health-care professionals are up there with rum and cigars in terms of Cuban exports.
Cuba's universal health-care system enables such an export. The country nationalized its health care shortly after its revolution, ending private health care and guaranteeing free health care in its constitution . The results have been widely praised. In 2008, evaluating 30 years of Cuba's "primary health care revolution," the Bulletin of the World Health Organization pointed to impressive strides that the country had made in certain health indicators. "These indicators – which are close or equal to those in developed countries – speak for themselves," Gail Reed noted , pointing to a huge reduction in number of deaths for children under five years old and Cuba's high life expectancy of 77 years.
Cuba's health-care success is built upon its medical training. After the Cuban revolution, half of the country's 6,000 doctors fled and the country was forced to rebuild its work force. The training system grew so much that by 2008, it was training 20,000 foreigners a year to be doctors, nurses and dentists, largely free of charge.
Ebola isn't the first time that Cuban health workers have been sent to deal with a global disaster. Even back in 1960, immediately after the revolution, Cuba sent doctors to Chile to help in the aftermath of a devastating earthquake, and the practice has continued for decades since. In 2005, Cuba even offered to send medical workers to the United States after Hurricane Katrina in 2005  (they were apparently rebuffed).
Reuters reports that Cuba currently has around 50,000 health workers working in 66 countries. Despite the high-profile acts of charity, the medical diplomacy more often seemed to serve more practical purposes – an estimated 30,000 health workers are currently in Venezuela as a partial payment for oil , for example. Exported medical expertise is predicted to net Cuba $8.2 billion in 2014, according to a recent report in state newspaper  Granma . There are hopes that medical tourism and exported medical technology could one day provide similar figures.
It's not a simple picture. Critics have complained that Cuba has begun to sacrifice the health of its citizens at home to make money sending medical workers abroad, and the conditions for these medical workers themselves have been criticized – The Los Angeles Times reported earlier this year  that a significant number of Cuban health-care workers in Venezuela have fled the country to escape "crushing" workloads.
Even so, Cuba's oversized response to Ebola seems to have brushed aside these criticisms, for now at least. The number of Cuban medical staff in Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea looks set to be more than those sent from far-larger countries like China . Israel, a wealthier country with a similar population, caused controversy this week when its Defense Minister rejected requests to send medical workers to Ebola-struck countries, though the Foreign Ministry has since announced it would in fact send medical crews.
“Money and materials are important, but those two things alone cannot stop Ebola virus transmission,” Dr Margaret Chan, director-general at the World Health Organization, said last month . “Human resources are clearly our most important need."
Update: This post has been updated to include the Israeli Foreign Ministry's announcement.

Reactions flow in after suspected object found in PM Modi s stand by planeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Apple s Ireland tax case: Should US states also stop unjustified tax breaks(In a sense, what Ireland…)
By Joe Nocera
A few weeks ago, the governor of Nevada, Brian Sandoval, signed into law a tax "incentive package" that his administration had negotiated with Tesla, the electric car company. Tesla is planning to build a giant factory to manufacture the batteries that power its cars, and Nevada was one of five states that were competing fiercely to land the plant.
It ultimately offered a staggering $1.25 billion package of tax breaks that includes sales tax abatements for the next two decades, 10 years of property tax abatements and nearly $200 million in transferable tax credits that Tesla could sell to Nevada companies that wanted to lower their own tax bills. Although Elon Musk, Tesla's chief executive, insisted that at least one of the other states had offered an even richer tax package, it is clear that the tax breaks Nevada came up with played an important role in landing the Tesla factory.
In reading this week about Apple's tax dealings in Ireland, I found myself reflecting on the tax deals that U.S. states cut all the time with companies they are trying to lure. It's not all that different. In a sense, what Ireland has been doing is the global equivalent of what the states do to attract business. And that is especially true in the case of Apple.
Ireland has long had one of the lowest corporate tax rates in Europe; it's currently 12.5 per cent. That low rate, the Irish believe, helped attract industry and create the country's boom in the years leading up to the financial crisis.
But it did a lot more than simply offer a low corporate tax rate. It set itself up as a kind of European tax haven, so that companies like Google, Facebook, Microsoft and others could, in effect, buy an Irish address to which they could transfer a great deal of their intellectual property and route profits accrued elsewhere through the Irish subsidiary. This is called transfer pricing. Companies could also take advantage of other loopholes in the Irish tax code to get their tax bill considerably lower than 12.5 per cent.
As The New York Times reported in a groundbreaking article two years ago - and the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations confirmed last year - Apple takes advantage of every tax break Ireland offers. But according to the European Union's competition commissioner, Joaquin Almunia, in a letter released this week, the company went a step further in its dealings with the Irish tax authorities.
  In 1991, Apple essentially negotiated how much tax the company would pay. It did so after it had explicitly "mentioned by way of background information that Apple was now the largest employer in the Cork area with 1,000 direct employees and 500 persons engaged on a sub-contract basis," again according to Almunia's letter. Apple also acknowledged that it had "no scientific basis" for the amount of tax it was willing to pay. The deal was then "reverse engineered" so that Apple's profits would wind up in the range that would yield the suggested taxes. (Apple now has 4,000 people working in its Cork manufacturing plant, the only Apple-owned factory in Europe; its tax deal with Ireland was reworked in 2007.)
With the recent outcry over corporate tax loopholes, the EU decided to take a closer look at some of its members' tax dealings that had been flagged in the media. In addition to Apple and Ireland, it is looking at Fiat in Luxembourg and Starbucks in the Netherlands. And while the Apple case is far from over - indeed, both Apple and Ireland insist they did nothing wrong - Almunia, at least, has concluded that Apple's tax deal with Ireland amounts to "state aid." Under European Commission rules, countries are not allowed to subsidize companies in ways that give them advantages over others in the country.
Here then is one difference between what transpires in the U.S. and what transpires in Europe: The EU has rules intended to prevent nations from giving unjustified tax breaks to companies. "In Europe there is now a mechanism to prevent the most harmful abuses" of the tax code, said Matthew Gardner, the executive director of the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy. It has taken a while - and required an outraged public to spur it on - but the EU finally seems intent on curbing excesses like Apple's tax deal in Ireland.
In truth, most tax subsidies don't make much sense - not for countries and certainly not for states. "There is a lot of work that shows that tax subsidies vastly overpay for the jobs they create," said Edward Kleinbard, a law professor at the University of Southern California and the author of the recent book "We Are Better Than This: How Government Should Spend Our Money."
It's a good thing that the EU is trying to curb unjustified tax breaks. Maybe it's time to do the same here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dummy stun-grenade on plane  probe on; Minister contradicts Air IndiaAir India
(Civil Aviation Minister…)
NEW DELHI: Air India officials said an object discovered in an Air India's Boeing 747 aircraft in Jeddah was just a plastic cover of a stun grenade, but aviation minister Ashok Gajapati Raju Pusapati said the object was indeed a stun grenade. "A plastic cover of a stun grenade used by security during the anti-terror drills carried out in a plane. It is a completely harmless object," said a senior Air India official. As soon as the jumbo jet landed at the Jeddah airport, the flight crew informed the local security agencies, who took over the aircraft and conducted a thorough check. Following the incident, Air India has suspended the security managers of Mumbai and Hyderabad.
FEATURED ARTICLES

USAID  Gates Foundation to join in Clean IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Liverpool earn hard fought win  first since AugustLiverpool's Jordan Henderson (R) celebrates with Steven Gerrard after scoring his team's second goal during their match against West Bromwich Albion. (Source: Reuters)
Associated Press | London | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:01 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 1:49 am
Manchester City kept the pressure on English Premier League leader Chelsea by scoring late goals in a 2-0 win over Aston Villa, while Liverpool revived its faltering campaign by beating West Bromwich Albion 2-1 on Saturday.
Yaya Toure and Sergio Aguero produced moments of brilliance in the final eight minutes to break Villa’s stubborn resistance and provisionally move second-place City to within two points of Chelsea, which hosts Arsenal on Sunday.
“I have told the players that in May you are going to win or lose the Premier League by just a point or so, so every one you drop on the way makes it more difficult,” City manager Manuel Pellegrini said.
“It is very difficult to recover the points against a team like Chelsea, and the only way to do it is to win every game.”
Jordan Henderson set up Liverpool’s opening goal by Adam Lallana, and grabbed the winner against West Brom, lifting the anxiety around Anfield after the club’s run of three league games without victory.
“We needed to find a way to win today,” said Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, whose team has struggled to maintain the form of last season that swept it to a second-place finish behind City.
Liverpool’s problems are nothing compared to those of Newcastle, which remained winless this season after a 2-2 draw at Swansea.
The pressure on Newcastle manager Alan Pardew would have been fierce with another defeat but he was helped out by two equalizers from Papiss Cisse, who also scored twice to snatch a draw against Hull two weeks ago.
“Anybody who saw the game today will see the players gave everything,” Pardew said.
“It’s my job to try and lift the players and make sure there’s fight in their belly. The confidence will get better and this will give us belief.”
Sunderland beat Stoke 3-1, Hull defeated Crystal Palace 2-0 and Burnley scored through a 90th-minute free kick to draw 2-2 at fellow promoted side Leicester.
Toure has been criticized by some pundits for failing to keep up his high standards from last season, when he scored 24 goals for City in all competitions.
But the Ivory Coast midfielder showed his importance to the champions by finally finding a way past Villa’s American goalkeeper, Brad Guzan, who had produced a string of saves in a one-sided second half and also seen his goal frame struck by Aguero and Aleksandar Kolarov.
“I’m not a machine - I’m a man,” said Toure, who dribbled between two players and calmly stroked in a left-footed finish for his goal in the 82nd minute.
Aguero ensured there was no way back for Villa by collecting a pass just outside the area, giving himself space and smashing a low shot into the corner continued…
It was vital (we won). We needed to find a way to win today against a side that is really high on confidence

Nationals Game 2 lineupBy James Wagner October 4 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Bryce Harper. (Photo by Al Bello/Getty Images)
After a 3-2 loss in Game 1 on Friday against Jake Peavy, the Nationals will face old nemesis Tim Hudson, another veteran pitcher. Hudson is 18-5 with a career 2.35 ERA against the Nationals. Hudson struggled in the second half of the regular season but still managed to hold the Nationals to one run in 12 1/3 innings in two starts this year.
Jayson Werth is a career .386 hitter (17 for 44) with four home runs against Hudson. Ian Desmond has hit .288 (15 for 52) with a triple and homer against Hudson. Denard Span is 2 for 20 and Wilson Ramos is 4 for 18 against the right-hander.
Nationals

Patna stampede: Officials pass buckThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cong to gherao Doordarshan over airing of Bhagwat speechThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Microsoft: Samsung should pay $6.9 million asinterestPrint
Reuters | San Francisco | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:20 am
Microsoft Corp is demanding $6.9 million interest from Samsung Electronics in a dispute over smartphone patent royalties, according to a lawsuit unsealed by a New York federal court on Friday.
Microsoft is asking the court to rule that it did not breach a business collaboration agreement with Samsung, and that Samsung must pay interest on more than $1 billion in royalty payments which it delayed in protest at Microsoft’s planned purchase of rival Nokia’s handset business.
A redacted version of the lawsuit was filed by Microsoft in August.
Samsung made royalty payments on time to Microsoft during the first fiscal year after they signed their 2011 agreement, the lawsuit said.
However, after Microsoft announced the Nokia deal in September 2013, Samsung initially refused to make another payment, arguing that the Nokia deal breached its licensing agreement with Microsoft. It eventually paid late without adding interest, according to the lawsuit.
Samsung did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Friday.

Djokovic storm blows awayMurrayDjokovic beat Andy Murray 6-3, 6-4 on Saturday to reach his fifth final in six years at the China Open. Source: REUTERS
Reuters | Beijing | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:19 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 9:09 am
World number one Novak Djokovic continued his love affair with the China Open on Saturday, dumping Andy Murray 6-3, 6-4 to storm into his fifth final in Beijing where he has been simply unstoppable. The 27-year-old Serb took an hour and 37 minutes to down Murray for an impressive 23-0 record in Beijing and meets the winner of the other semi-final between Tomas Berdych and Martin Klizan in Sunday’s final. In the women’s section, French Open champion Maria Sharapova outplayed former number one Ana Ivanovic 6-0, 6-4 to set up a final clash with third seed Petra Kvitova who overcame Sam Stosur 6-3, 5-7, 6-2.
Looking to add to his four Beijing titles, Djokovic completely outplayed Murray as he looks to finish the year as the number one. “I’m glad that I’m back in the form that I would like to be in, especially in these courts where I still haven’t lost ever since I played this tournament,” the top seed said. “Hopefully, I can finish the year in style, similar as I finished last year.”
Murray, fresh from his first victory in more than a year at last week’s Shenzhen Open, put up more resistance in the second set but could not crack Djokovic’s solid defence and smashed his racquet in frustration after being broken in the ninth game.
“It was a two-set victory today (Saturday), but still it felt like I had to work hard to win the points,” said Djokovic, chasing his fifth Tour title of the season. “There was a lot of rally exchanges. He had a lot of chances to come back. He was 4-3 up. Just in important moments I managed to play the better tennis.
“The comfortable hold at 4-3 probably allowed me to have that relief, because obviously I didn’t want him to break me and get into a third set where it can go either way.” Djokovic restricted the Scot to only seven winners and denied him four of his five break point chances. With his semi-final appearance, Murray has moved up to ninth place in the race to season-ending ATP Finals in London, which will feature the top eight. In the women section, Kvitova survived some tense moments before taming Stosur to get within a win of being the world number two.
Hopefully, I can finish the year in style, similar as I finished last year

US sees accelerated hiring  jobless rate touches six-yearlowA job fair for military veterans in California on Friday. (source: Reuters)
Reuters | Washington | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:16 am
US employers ramped up hiring in September and the jobless rate fell to a six-year low, bolstering bets the Federal Reserve will hike interest rates in mid-2015.
Friday’s report on employment is the most significant gauge of the economy’s health ahead of November 4 congressional elections.
While US President Barack Obama’s message of an improving economy has been hampered by weakness in wages that persisted through last month, the data nevertheless underscored the strides the labour market has made this year.
US non-farm payrolls rose by 248,000 last month and the jobless rate fell two-tenths of a point to 5.9 per cent, the lowest since July 2008, the US Labor Department said.
The data was generally stronger than Wall Street analysts had anticipated, and investors doubled down on bets the Fed will raise interest rates in mid-2015. The central bank has kept benchmark rates near zero since 2008 to encourage investment and hiring.
Most of Wall Street’s top bond firms still see the Federal Reserve starting to raise interest rates no later than June of next year and said the bond market was under-pricing the risk that the US central bank may move more aggressively once it starts tightening policy, a Reuters survey showed on Friday.
Still, analysts noted the report bore a large caveat in the form of persistently stagnant wages. Average hourly earnings actually slipped a penny last month.
While weak wage growth is keeping Fed policymakers cautious about the timing of their first rate hike, the pace of hiring has stepped up significantly this year. The gain in payrolls over the last six months was the strongest for any six-month period since before the 2007-09 recession.
In a further sign of strength, 69,000 more jobs were created in July and August than previously estimated.
US stocks rose and yields on US government debt moved up, while the dollar continued a rally that has been in place for weeks. The employment gains last month were broad-based.
Notably, part of the decline in the unemployment rate was because workers left the labour force. The share of the population with jobs or hunting for one fell to 62.7 per cent, its lowest level since 1978. That rate has declined in recent years as more workers have retired and as people have given up job hunts due to a weak economy.
Still, a measure of unemployment that partially takes into account worker discouragement fell to 11.8 per cent, its lowest level since October 2008. In a sign the economy’s expansion is moderating from the second quarter’s torrid pace, a separate report showed growth in the US services sector eased in September.

Sanju  Karn go off theradarPrint
Written by Bharat Sundaresan | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:15 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 9:01 am
As the sun set elegantly over the Cricket Club of India on Friday, and just before the members could drag out their wicker chairs, Sanju Samson and Karn Sharma sat soaking in the limelight. The duo had just played their parts in India A’s comprehensive win over the visiting West Indians in the first of two practice games. And with the ODI series less than a week ago, the official broadcasters had decided to snap up the two newest faces of the Indian national team for a little chat in front of the camera.
Not far away, stood Sandeep Patil and the rest of his national selection committee in the middle of an intense tete-a-tete with coach Lalchand Rajput. Less than 24 hours later, both Karn and Samson had been demoted again. They were back among the second-string and no longer the immediate future of Indian cricket.
Patil & Co had decided that they had seen enough of Karn, who played in the solitary T20 at Edgbaston, and Samson, who didn’t get a single game in England. In their places came an untested greenhorn, Kuldeep Yadav, who’s yet to appear in a competitive 50-over contest at the senior level, and a seasoned veteran in Amit Mishra who made his ODI debut a decade ago.
To his credit, Karn did make an impression on international debut with four tight overs and the wicket of Joe Root. And for long now, Samson has been touted to be good enough to be played as a batsman rather than be singled out as a reserve wicket-keeper.
Or that was the basis of his selection to England in the first place. Moreover neither Karn nor Samson has played any cricket of note between the England tour and now to prove that their cricketing credentials have transformed in any way.
Mishra, known quantity
If the five-match ODI series against Dwayne Bravo’s West Indian visitors is an opportunity to weigh-in their options going into the World Cup next year, the selection of Mishra is the strangest, considering how proven a commodity the 31-year-old leg-spinner is in the present mix.
In all likelihood, it will be the leg-spinner who will lead the spin attack in the absence of R Ashwin with Ravindra Jadeja for support.
Where does that leave Yadav then? Picked on a punt and on the back of a few eye-catching performances in the CLT20 for KKR, the chinaman bowler is unlikely to get a look-in straight away, and could well end up warming the bench ala Samson and Karn in England.
The ambiguity regarding the ODI team selection doesn’t end there. It extends beyond the spin attack and seeps into the pace squadron. In England, both Dhawal Kulkarni and Umesh Yadav played an ODI each. Kulkarni bowled seven overs and conceded 35 runs while Yadav bowled six overs for 46. But somehow the selectors felt the Vidarbha pacer had done enough in those half-a-dozen overs to keep his place in the side, leaving Kulkarni in the lurch.
By leaving out Stuart Binny, they’ve also indicated continued…
Patil & Co had decided that they had seen enough of Karn and Samson

BJP leaders told to report daily on cleanlinessdrivePrint
The filth behind Valmiki Colony from where PM Narendra Modi had started his Clean India campaign on October 2. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Written by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:11 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 1:12 am
After Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, the Delhi BJP leaders have been given directions to submit a daily report to show that the PM’s Clean India project is being implemented in the capital.
In a meeting on Saturday that saw attendance of Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan, Delhi in-charge Prabhat Jha and  Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay, leaders from the smallest unit of the party to the highest were asked to pull up their socks and start working to ensure a cleaner Delhi.
All mandal presidents, councillors, MLAs and MPs were called in to emphasise the imminent need to implement the project.
“Directions have come straight from the PM and we have to ensure that those who have become complacent in their respective roles are made to deliver. They need to work to make good the promises made by the PM. The BJP will be out on the roads to ensure that residents get a clean Delhi to live in,” a senior BJP leader said.
The party has issued a report register to all its 278 mandal presidents to record and report on ward-wise sanitation work being undertaken on a daily basis. It also issued guidelines to all its MPs, MLAs, councillors, district and mandal presidents to ensure their participation in Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
“All councillors have been instructed to ensure that the safai karamcharis in their respective wards perform their duty. Random checks will be carried out and the primary focus will be on educating people to not litter,” the senior leader said.

Team India gets its firstchinamanPrint
Kuldeep Yadav is yet to play a First-Class game but seems to have made an impression on the selectors, most recently during the CLT20. (Source: Express FILE)
Written by Daksh Panwar | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:11 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 8:49 am
“Kal tak to hamare saath khel raha tha. Aaj dekhiye kahan nikal gaya. Talented to tha. (Till yesterday he was playing with us. Look where he is now. But he was talented.)”
Kuldeep Yadav made these casual remarks about Ashton Agar in a conversation with The Indian Express a few days after the Australian had played an astonishing 98-run innings while batting at No.11 on his Test debut at Trent Bridge in July 2013.
Now, over a year later, his own teammates from his Uttar Pradesh/India under-19 days will have something similar to say about Yadav after he was named on Saturday in India’s ODI squad for the upcoming series against the West Indies.
In the process, Yadav, who has been a revelation for the Kolkata Knight Riders in the Champions League T20, also entered a league of his own. For while being a left-arm unorthodox spinner itself puts him in a super-exclusive club, now, having received this maiden call-up, the 19-year-old becomes the first chinaman to make the senior India team.
However, the standout fact about Yadav is not his chinaman bowling. It’s that he has broken into the team without having played a single Ranji Trophy game or even a top-flight domestic one-day match. His rise has been nothing if not meteoric.
And it has surprised Yadav himself. The bowler was preparing for Saturday’s Champions League final against the Chennai Super Kings when he got the selection news. “Selection was never on my mind. All I was thinking was about the final,” he told this paper on Saturday. “It’s a great moment for me…But I never thought I will make it so early.”
To be fair, no-one did.
On that rainy day in 2013, when he spoke of Agar half-enviously, Yadav was busy doing some last-minute shopping at a suburban Kanpur mall ahead of his flight to Sri Lanka for a nondescript under-19 tour. At that time, making the senior team was a long-term ambition, a distant dream, and his immediate focus was on cementing his place in the side for the Junior World Cup.
A good performance in that tournament, which was to be held in February-March 2014, would bring that dream a little bit closer.
In the event, the Indian colts finished a disappointing fifth in the under-19 World Cup, but Yadav, with 14 scalps in six matches including a hat-trick, was tied second on the wicket-takers list. By this time he had also aroused the Kolkata Knight Riders’ interest sufficiently to get himself an IPL contract.
The spinner didn’t get a look-in during IPL 7 but impressed in his very first outing in the CLT20. A three-wicket haul in his second game continued…
Till yesterday he was playing with us. Look where he is now. But he was talented

Put idle gold stock to use  cut down imports:WGCWGC also suggested the government launch ‘Karigar welfare scheme’ towards skill development and training of artisans. (Source: Reuters)
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:09 am
India, the world’s largest gold consumer, should put to use the estimated 22,000 tonnes of gold lying idle with households and temples, according to the World Gold Council (WGC).
This would help lower the country’s dependence on imports and can, instead, help a five-folds increase in jewellery exports to top levels of $40 billion by 2020, up from the current $8 billion.
This should also help in the creation of 5 million new jobs across the gold value chain — manufacturing, retailing, assaying and recycling areas, it added.
“Our vision for gold is that it should be put to work for the economy, creating jobs, developing skills, generating exports and revenues — an essential part of the financial, economic and social structure of the country,” WGC said in its Vision 2020 for the country.
WGC said that the country should meet 40 per cent of gold demand from its domestic stocks and the rest 60 per cent through imports and mining.
That apart, India should target 75 per cent of gold sold to be standardised and hallmarked in the next five years. It should also provide higher loan to value ratio for hallmarked jewellery and ensure mandatory hallmarking for pieces above a designated selling price, WGC said.
WGC also suggested the government launch ‘Karigar welfare scheme’ towards skill development and training of artisans and promotion of a ‘gold tourism’ circuit, showcasing handcrafted Indian jewellery.
“This vision is to outline objectives for the industry that address the savings habit underpinning gold demand, support value addition, increase employment opportunities and benefit the industry in an organised way without curbing supply or impacting the current account deficit,” the report said.
This will allow the gold trade to operate in a free and transparent manner for the benefit of millions of households and eventually lead to increased economic wealth for the nation, it added.
(With PTI Inputs)

AAP opens helpline to report garbage in eachlocalityThe AAP is launching the next phase of the campaign from today.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:06 am
Two days after Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Swacch Bharat Abhiyan, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) said it was taking the campaign forward.
On Saturday, the party launched a WhatsApp helpline and urged the public to send them photos of garbage in their areas, register complaints with local corporation offices and seek their response.
Stating that his party had supported the campaign launched on October 2, AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal said, “All VIPs returned to their homes after holding brooms for a short while. Now it is the responsibility of the rest of us to monitor our surroundings. The AAP is launching the next phase of the campaign from today.”
The party has asked residents to “WhatsApp photos of garbage” to them on the helpline — 8588833540. The party also urged people to lodge complaints at the local municipal corporation offices.
The former Delhi chief minister also said the complaints will be uploaded on the party’s website, along with photographs, and updates will be posted on the website about the action taken on these complaints.
“We appeal to the people of Delhi to not remain quiet in case they see garbage anywhere. Please click a photograph and submit it to your local civic authority office along with a complaint. Alternately, please send us that photograph with details of the location on the helpline,” Kejriwal said on Saturday. He further said these complaints will be forwarded by the party to the civic bodies.
Kejriwal also pointed out that the mayors of all three municipal corporations in Delhi were “currently from the BJP”.
“We sincerely hope that all the three BJP-controlled corporations of Delhi will leave no stone unturned in making the Prime Minister’s cleanliness campaign a huge success, and that they will immediately take action on the complaints received,” he said.
Starting October 12, the party will also hold a slew of meetings with residents’ welfare associations to discuss “systemic reforms required” to keep the capital clean.

Swachh Bharat: PM Modi targets many political goals with one campaign(The mere suggestion that…)
BV Rao
When prime minister Narendra Modi was paying the customary tributes to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat on Thursday, former prime minister Manmohan Singh sat next to him. Looking detached, forlorn and lost in his own thoughts (now that he can think on his own), I couldn't help guess what he must have been saying to himself: "Heck, Manmohan, why didn't you think of any of this ever?"
Sitting in the far corner was Sonia Gandhi. The UPA powerhouse — believed to have had the power of attorney over the former prime minister's thoughts and non-actions — was looking equally so not there.
In the ten years that they ran the country (aground?), they had not even once thought of elevating the birthday bash of the Mahatma even a notch above the mundane and the ritualistic. But here was Modi, their political foe, a merchant of death (Sonia's words) dangerous for the country (Manmohan's) attempting to resurrect the Mahatma's legacy right under their nose.
Yes, both Manmohan and Sonia looked sullen for good reason. From Rajghat, Modi was heading straight to Valmiki Nagar, a colony of municipal sanitation workers in central Delhi, to launch the Swachch Bharat campaign and from thereon to India Gate lawns to propagate the message of a Clean India.
Why Didn't We Think of That?
It's not just the immediate past political leadership that must be kicking itself. Generations of them treated voters like toilet paper to be flushed down soon upon government formation; not like concerned citizens whose help they might enlist for national causes. Politicians long wanted nothing more than our votes and got nothing more than that.
Modi's reference to "Jai Jawan Jai Kisan", the 40-year-old clarion call of Lal Bahadur Shastri, was meant to underscore this point. "Just one call for help from the prime minister and thousands of farmers across the country responded by filling our granaries," he said reminding us of the dictum that even a mother does not feed her baby unless the baby asks for it.
After Shastri, no prime minister has ever tried to arouse the citizens the way Modi is starting to do. This is new even for Modi, by the way. He may have run an efficient government on behalf 'of' the citizens and 'for' them but his much-touted Gujarat model was never a government 'by' the people. On the contrary, he was on a sticky wicket throughout the Janlokpal agitation because he was avoiding the setting up of the Lokayukta in Gujarat.
So what changed? A past master at sussing out new trends (development as vote-catcher, social media as vote-multiplier etc), Modi must have sensed the ground shifting in 2012 itself as the Anna agitation was scaling dizzying heights. Unlike many politicians who wore their nervousness on their sleeves, Modi never joined issue with Anna. It would have been counter-productive for two reasons: Anna had not struck roots in Gujarat yet and Modi was confident of a successive third term anyway.
More importantly, the core of the agitation was the demand for clean politicians and sound administrators, the perception of which Modi had already created around himself. The agitation would raise the need for such leadership but not fulfil it. The need would have to be filled from the bank of available political leaders. Modi was a ready mould. The Anna agitation, thus, was a friendly force. Come 2014, he used this force to fill more wind in his sails.
  Though Modi fought the Gujarat 2012 election on the development plank, he did not speak too often about making development a "jan andolan". It is difficult to time-stamp it, but it entered his political lexicon closer to the 2014 election as it became clear that he would be the political inheritor of the dying Anna-Arvind movement.
Now that he is prime minister, it is political necessity to bring some of the "movement" into government. The strategy is easy to see through. Rather than allow a national movement to dictate governance, he will attempt to turn governance into a mass movement hoping to eliminate the need for external intervention and further constrict the existential space for Arvind Kejriwal after he so bravely created and so foolishly vacated the same platform in Delhi.
One Stone, Many Targets
We will have to wait to see what good all of this will do for the country but in the interregnum it is doing a whole lot of good for Modi. His plea for a return gift of a Clean India to the Mahatma Gandhi may sound like a national debt, an apolitical agenda. Despite his exhortations to the contrary, it was designed to deliver political equity at every step. His choice of the Valmiki Nagar slum to pick up the broom, for example.
A PM was, for the first time, raising their menial, unwanted jobs to the level of a national movement; attempting to strike deeper roots into the small but growing Dalit base of the party.

When the south got a taste of her musicUpdated: October 5, 2014 18:40 IST
When the south got a taste of her music
Nitya Menon
Tweet
Though it took Lata a little over two decades to make a comeback in the Tamil film industry, she always maintained a connection with the south, and is a self-confessed fan of M.S. Subbulakshmi — Photo: The Hindu Archives
The Hindu Though it took Lata a little over two decades to make a comeback in the Tamil film industry, she always maintained a connection with the south, and is a self-confessed fan of M.S. Subbulakshmi — Photo: The Hindu Archives
TOPICS
Few remember that Lata Mangeshkar’s debut in Tamil was as early as in 1956
Last week, veteran playback singer Lata Mangeshkar celebrated her 85 birthday, and accolades poured in from everywhere.
Lata was all of 13 when she took to professional singing and it was not long before she took the Bombay film industry by storm. So much so that, according to a report in The Hindu dated August 11, 1951, it was nothing but ‘Mangesh Music’ that ruled — “on screen, on the radio, and in street corners by enthusiastic urchins”.
Though most Illayaraja fans will credit the ‘Maestro’ for bringing the magical voice to Tamil films in the 1980s, few will remember that Lata’s debut in Tamil was as early as in 1956. With the film Vana Ratham, ardent fans in this part of the country got an opportunity to listen to the legend croon a couple of songs in their native tongue. This was, in many ways, her Tamil debut.
The film, a dubbed version of the Hindi original Udan Khatola starring Dilip Kumar, Nimmi, Suryakumari, and Agha, was directed by S.U. Sunny and produced by Naushad Ali, who was also the music composer.
The film itself was remembered for its visual flamboyance and touching music. While in Hindi it was Shakeel Badayuni who penned the lyrics, in Tamil, Kambadasan, adept at writing for dubbed movies, was roped in to do the same. Set to the same tunes, songs such as En ullam vittu odaathe, Enthan Kannalan, and Ennai Kande Selvai that were sung by Lata for the actress Nimmi became huge hits.
More than the film itself, it was its music that got noticed.
Despite making a promising start in the Tamil film industry, it took the singer a little over two decades to make a comeback.
It was between 1987 and 1988 that she finally returned with two back to back renditions —Aaraaro Aaraaro and Valai Osai, both set to Ilayaraja’s tunes — in the films Anand and Sathya, respectively.
Lata was not unaware of the popular music being produced in this part of the country.
In an interview with reporter ‘Partha’ of The Hindu in 1951, she said she was a big fan of K.B Sundarambal and never missed any of M.S. Subbulakshmi’s concerts in Bombay. If she had any regrets, she said, it was her lack of training in Carnatic music. “I really want to learn it, but hardly find the time.”

Parents of missing US student ask for informationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Link not working @chintan672012 250 B
2013 214 B
More than half of total new investment coming in Asset finance and and other discplines like VC, PE, Corp & Gov R&D and Public mkts had very small individual shares.
Main reasons for decline: Worries about policy support and reductions in technology costs as PhotoVoltaic prices bottomed out in early 2013 but PV installed capacity went up to record “39GW” and dollar investment was down 23% to $104 billion.
Global transactions(including new inv plus M&A during 2013 came at 268 B
“New investment” (Developed vs developing)
2009 – 106 vs 63 B
2010 – 153 vs 74 B
2011 – 187 vs 92 B
2012 – 142 vs 107 B
2013 – 122 vs 93 B
Note: The gap between developed and developing shrinking (good or !), is the developing world the last tier of users meaning not a lot of profit potential!
“New investment” during 2013 globally by sector
Solar 114 B – decline by 20%
Wind 80 B  – decline by 1%
Biomass 8 B – declined by 28%
All other forms of ren eng investments declined in 2013
Almost half of the VC/PE new investment came into wind sector = 1B
Public market invested close to half of new investment in Solar sector = 4.8 B (“take note”) #2 was wind at 2.6 B
The asset finance invested 75.4 B in Wind and 44.4 B in Solar during 2013
Note: more than half of new investment in Solar came in small distribution sector, explains the nature of generation.
New investment by Country/Region, China @ 56 B, EU @ 48 B, Asian & Aus ex. Chindia @ 43 B, US @ 35B, India@ 6 B
Surprise “Japan was the second largest new investment in ren eng @ 28 B up by 80% during 2013, US down by 10%, Germany down by whopping 56%
Change in per MGW costs between 2009 to 2013
PV (various techs) down by 50%
Wind onshore down by 15%
None of the clean energy bonds received a rating above BBB

Two third of branches opened by hdfc bank in last 3 years are outside ...Platinum Member
117 Followers
Bank of Rajasthan a private bank merged with ICICI bank because it had penetration in two three states and ICICI bank wanted that business.
Banking industry is waiting for reforms from govt end which is long due the day this takes place you see their will be big race of mergers and aquistion .
There are  manpulation while aquiring  bank ultimately sufferers are share holders.
Rural still HDFC  ICICI has not entered in proper way in tier II and Tier II cities there are crtain limitations  private banks enter according to business model of cities .
Now see the ATM network HDFC Bank has put in maximum metro stations.
Though in tier 3 cities how much branch network is their if GDP goes to repectable level even than also branch network will not change to that extent.
11.59 PM Oct 4th

Dahej plant operating at full capacity  r&d generating some molecule w...Platinum Member
423 Followers
It as posted 40 crore net profit (72 crore -32 crore interest) .Guidance of 25% growth should help in 60 crore profit in fy15 and and 80 crore in FY16 .hence it is trading at 18 PE on FY15 and 13 PE on FY16 which is one year forward earning compared to other pesticide and herbicide stocks which are trading at almost 10 PE on FY16 .The discount is expected because of 300 crore debt and lower return ratios but debt/net profit and return ratio will increase going forward because of operating leverage .Also going forward with NaMo as PM I am very bllish on Financials , Agri and manufacturing sector .Agri sector can grow above 5% and that will bring 20% CAGR for pesticide company like Insecticide .I am bullish and if bull market continues we could see price of 1500 by next deepawali
8.53 PM Oct 11th

Sgx nifty is 53 and still monday global markets may take it higher so...Platinum Member
84 Followers
sgx nifty is 53  and still monday global markets may take it higher so lets hope for the best for Nifty on Tuesday.. More importantly I think Astec will give a good rebound towards 70 as 66.50is averygoodsupport.
1.16 AM Oct 5th  | Track

Petrol price cut by 65 paise/litre from midnightPetrol price cut by 65 paise/litre from midnight
PTI  New Delhi, September 30, 2014
First Published: 21:14 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:18 IST(30/9/2014)
Comments
Petrol price was on Tuesday cut by 54 paise a litre, but the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years was put off until the return of Prime Minister Narendra Modi from the US.
State-owned oil firms, which skipped raising rates on September 16 even though their cost had gone up, cut prices in view of the downward trend in international markets.
Petrol price was reduced by 54 paisa a litre without including local sales tax or VAT, with effect from midnight tonight.
After accounting for the incidence of local sales tax, petrol rate in Delhi was reduced by 65 paisa to Rs. 67.86 per litre, according to Indian Oil Corp (IOC), the nation's largest fuel retailer.
In Mumbai, petrol price was cut by 68 paisa to Rs. 75.73 per litre.
Petrol price was last cut by Rs. 1.50 a litre, excluding state levies, on August 31. That reduction in Delhi came to Rs. 1.82 per litre.
Alongside, the price of non-subsidised 14.2-kg cooking gas LPG cylinder, which consumer buy after exhausting their quota of 12 subsidised bottles in a year, was cut by Rs. 21 to Rs. 880 in Delhi.
However, a reduction diesel rates, the first since January 2009, was put off till Modi's return from the US as the oil ministry felt it did not have a clear mandate to reduce rates post the January 2013 decision of the Cabinet to raise prices by 40-50 paisa a litre every month.
Petrol price was cut as it is a deregulated product needing no government intervention.
Softening international oil rates has meant that diesel under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan is believed to have already written to Modi on the emerging scenario. Also, the ministry has written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of state assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
A decision will be taken after Modi's return, they said.
Sources said the Oil Ministry is of the view that while the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) on January 17, 2013, allowed a monthly increase in diesel price of 40-50 paise per month to wipe out the under-recovery, it wasn't envisaged that there would be over-recovery.
It wants to reduce diesel price to protect state-owned oil companies' market share, which may be lost to private retailers who would be selling diesel in tandem with international prices.
This would be the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years. Diesel rates were last cut on January 29, 2009 when they were reduced by Rs. 2 a litre to Rs. 30.86.
Since then rates have only increased as international oil prices climbed. Since January 2013, diesel prices have been raised by up to 50 paise a litre every month to eliminate under-recoveries.
Like diesel, state-owned oil companies had also not changed petrol rates on September 16 though it warranted a 54 paise increase as its benchmark gasoline rates had firmed up in international market.
This is perhaps the first time that retail prices of diesel in India are higher than global rates.
Oil companies calculate the desired retail selling price of petrol and diesel on 1st and 16th of every month based on average international benchmark price and rupee-dollar exchange rate.
As per this practice, a revision is due today.
Originally, petrol and diesel prices were deregulated in April 2002 when NDA government was in power. Administered pricing regime, however, made a back-door entry towards the end of NDA regime in the first quarter of 2004 when crude prices started inching up.
Congress-led UPA controlled rates as international oil prices went through the roof. In June 2010, however, it freed petrol price from its control and rates have since them moved more or less in tandem with cost.
In January 2013, the UPA decided to deregulate diesel prices in stages through monthly 50 paise a litre increases.
Rates were last raised on August 31 after which losses have been wiped out.
Rates have cumulatively risen by Rs. 11.81 per litre in 19 instalments since January 2013.

The Number 1 Reason Why College Is Worth ItThe One Argument In Favor Of Student Loans
Posted:
reddit
College is worth it. That's the straightforward conclusion of a recent study from the Brookings Institution's Hamilton Project. "A college degree -- in any major -- is important for advancing one's earnings potential," the study's authors write. Median earnings are higher no matter what you study, and the advantage you have over high school graduates lasts throughout your career. The difference isn't minor, either: Over a lifetime, the Hamilton study notes, "the typical bachelor's degree graduate worker earns $1.19 million, which is twice what the typical high school graduate earns."
College, as The Washington Post's Dylan Matthews detailed in 2012 , is a great investment. And despite growing anxiety about Americans' rising student-loan bill, using debt to partially finance one's education makes it an even better investment.
Here's a chart clearly showing the boost you get from a college degree:
The message is stark: Go to college, major in something you like so that you'll graduate (yes, art history is worth it ), and you will typically make more money. Hamilton even has a fantastic interactive graph that lets you see how much more money you can expect to earn based on your major:
Granted, gaining that advantage in lifetime earnings does cost something, and the cost of college is rising -- a trend that no student is happy about. Those rising costs are at least partially a result of the abundance of loan options available to students. Those same loans, however, let Americans borrow their way toward a higher lifetime income.
College debt, which is increasingly synonymous with a college education, has many potential downsides: It depresses the housing market , crowds out other spending , and leaves graduates vulnerable to default, marred credit ratings and all kinds of nasty practices .
There are real reasons to worry that student debt is too easy to acquire right now. There are other ways of financing college that would make it an even better deal for Americans, like the government using its excellent credit to borrow more money to fund more federally backed loans -- or, even better, grants. Increased funding for state schools also wouldn't hurt. Student-loan burdens from for-profit colleges tend to be very high, and come with shady collection methods and a degree of dubious long-term value.
Still, education is a fantastic way to invest in your own earning potential, and debt is a great way to invest in things that yield predictable returns. Investors famously love leverage . It boosts returns, because borrowing money from someone else is a cheaper way to buy something than putting up cash yourself, and because the tax code loves leverage too: The interest companies pay on debt is tax-deductible.
In a limited way, student loans give Americans access to the magic of leverage, with the bonus of tax deductions. Ordinary Americans can get access to loans to buy all sorts of things that fall in value and usefulness shortly after they're bought: cars, clothes, electronics, furniture, appliances. Even homes, which you can take out a mortgage to buy, can rise in value, but their price is volatile, and the thing itself is immobile and requires money to maintain.
A college degree has none of these drawbacks. It's the only type of loan Americans can use to directly invest in their long-term personal economic well-being.
There are lots of bad reasons to go into debt. A college degree is a good reason to borrow money.
More:

Broadband planning in India: Missing the wood for the treesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

CARTOONS OF THE YEAR: Chicago Tribunes Scott Stantis reveals own child abuse in powerful  wrenching essay [Q+A]By Michael Cavna October 3 Follow @comicriffs
AS SCOTT STANTIS followed the news of recent domestic violence and child abuse cases in the NFL, the anger welled up inside him. The details struck deeply, on a profoundly personal level. Right down to the core of his secret.
“I had never addressed this issue publicly in all of my 55 years,” Stantis tells The Post’s Comic Riffs.
He had weighed the idea of pouring his childhood trauma into art, but had always been hesistant. Until now. “The more I thought about it,” he says, “the more I knew it was something that needed to be said.”
As a boy, Stantis had been abused by his hard-drinking father, and now the Chicago Tribune political cartoonist was moved to create an illustrated telling of his secret, via an online slide show.
“It was wrenching,” Stantis tells Comic Riffs of his three-day, first-person project. “By far the most difficult thing I have ever done” as an artist.
The response to his story since its publication last week, though, has been overwhelming, says Stantis (who also draws the strip “Prickly City”), as the raw honesty and brave baring of his deep secret resonated with readers.
Stantis was open enough, in fact, to talk with Comic Riffs about the creation of his piece, titled, “The Beatings Never Really Stop”  (also viewable as a single PDF ). Here is that conversation:
Scott Stantis’s deeply personal cartoon essay.
 
MICHAEL CAVNA: Yours is an especially powerful, and personal, way to address child abuse, Scott. Was it the [NFL's] Adrian Peterson case, particularly, that prompted this cartoon narrative, and if so, how did you creatively approach deciding to respond to the headlines?
SCOTT STANTIS: It was absolutely in response to the NFL domestic-violence stories. As the perpetrators themselves and their defenders spoke more and more defending the indefensible, I felt angrier and angrier. Happily, I had a medium where I could express myself.
“The Beatings Never Really Stop” (courtesy of SCOTT STANTIS/Chicago Tribune)
 
MC: Related to that, had you ever before considered doing this type of cartoon narrative on this subject? And had you ever before addressed — in a public forum — your own child abuse?
SS: I had never addressed this issue publicly in all of my 55 years. I mentioned to my wife from time to time the idea of doing a graphic novel “at some time,” but was always very hesitant to mine that territory.
“The Beatings Never Really Stop” (courtesy of SCOTT STANTIS/Chicago Tribune)
 
MC: Any number of editorial cartoonists have responded to recent child-abuse and domestic-assault cases involving athletes by rendering images of a black-eyed NFL logo, or depictions of hulking bullies in shoulder pads — which can be so common as to lose editorial force. Did you ever consider those, and at what point did you decide to move from single image to slide show?
SS: I have to plead guilty on at least some of that in my “regular” editorial cartoons. It seemed to be not enough to say, “Knocking loved ones unconscious is bad.” It had to be more.
MC: Personal cartoons can be the most painful to draw, yet also the most cathartic or rewarding. Could you tell us some of the emotions you went through as you created this?
SS: It was wrenching. By far the most difficult thing I have ever done. As I mentioned, I had never mentioned this in public. The more I thought about it, the more I knew it was something that needed to be said. As I created the piece, there was a constant voice in my head screaming: “What are you doing? Are you insane?!? Don’t you dare reveal this to the world!!” Yet as I wrote and drew, it became more and more obvious that this was, in fact, something I desperately needed to get out. It was three days of very mental and emotional heavy lifting.
From “The Beatings Never Really Stop”  (courtesy of SCOTT STANTIS/Chicago Tribune)
On the evening when it was finally done and going to press, I was in our apartment looking out the window. My wife, Janien, asked how I was feeling. I responded, “For the first time in a very long time, I don’t know.” My mind was a whirl and, surprisingly, deeply confused. After a long period, I said: “You know what I’m feeling? Ashamed.” She asked if I was ashamed of telling the story. I answered, “No, I’m ashamed it happened.” Meaning the abuse.
That’s how it works. I was ashamed I was abused. Irrational, I know. I had nothing to do with it other than being a victim, but that’s the legacy of abuse.
MC: Did the words or the pictures come first? And did you run them past an editor prior to publishing?
SS: I wrote the piece first. Showed it to a small circle of trusted friends, then to the Chicago Tribune’s op-ed editor, Marcia Lythcott, and our Graphics editor, Jon Brazil, who were remarkably helpful. There was a lot of editing [you can read the original text on Stantis's blog ], and the art was then created.
“The Beatings Never Really Stop” (courtesy of SCOTT STANTIS/Chicago Tribune)
 
MC: Part of the strength of this cartoon, I believe, is that you personally address not only the short-term hurt, but also the long-term scars of child abuse — the emotions that can try to cripple you well into your adult life, at the least. Could you speak to writing about that?
SS: Like a lot of cartoonists, I project a public image of a confident, sometimes even cocky persona. The truth is, there is always a grinding notion that I am unworthy of any positive comment or respect. It has taken 55 years for me to say back to someone, “Thank you” whenever my work is complimented. It takes a lot of effort to not correct them and say, “That was a piece of crap and here’s why.”
“The Beatings Never Really Stop” (courtesy of SCOTT STANTIS/Chicago Tribune)
 
MC: What has the reaction from the public been like? I imagine you’ve elicited very personal stories from readers who want to share their own experiences, as well as those who simply want to thank you for sharing yours — especially because so many child-abuse stories go unspoken.
SS: In a word: Overwhelming. Hundreds upon hundreds of e-mails and calls. All with a story of abuse to tell. I was a guest of the Kenosha Festival of Cartooning the days following publication, and I had both guests and attendees sharing their stories. One woman I had never met before came up to me following my presentation and began to weep, telling me of her own abusive marriage. It has been both gratifying and humbling. I have just today begun to pore over the e-mails and Facebook comments. It will take the better part of a week to get to them all, but I will. I owe them that.
MC: Would you ever consider expanding this into a book? And from a creative standpoint, are there other personal stories you’d like to share as a cartoon slide show, even if the subject matter is far less poignant or dire?
SS: As I mentioned, I was considering approaching this subject as a graphic novel. While I hadn’t considered that while creating the piece it is something I would now. Expanding on the theme would give the story more depth and expand on themes I was unable to address in the original piece due to space constraints.
I am hoping to do a lot more of these cartoon essay’s for the Trib. None will be as powerful, but many will be personal. It’s a new form for me, and I think I like it.
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

To the PM  from a mother. At Madison Square Garden, telling us about the other “maa” who has always been so giving, the Ganga.
Written by Shalini Langer | Posted: October 4, 2014 12:00 am
There he was, at it again. On his birthday, at his mother’s doorstep, head bowed, “getting blessed”. On Independence Day, invoking Bharat Mata and her “sacrifices”. On the Mangalyaan triumph, reminding us of the mission’s suspicious name and how “MOM” “never disappoints”. At Madison Square Garden, telling us about the other “maa” who has always been so giving, the Ganga. On October 2, reminding countrymen not to litter “Mother India”.
Thank god my son wasn’t watching any of it, at least live. At almost 14, he has “better” things to do. Never thought I would hear myself approve of that, but some things you have to be grateful for. One of them is that children actually outgrow their mothers, no matter how much Narendra Modi may tell us otherwise.
When he was just over four, my son gave me his first lesson in that. Sitting on the pot, swinging his legs and singing loudly to himself before school as I stood outside with steam coming out my ears — it wasn’t funny at the time — he told me: “My life doesn’t have to be like yours, you know. Always rushing, rushing.” I laughed, of course, and pushed it aside at the sound of that welcome flush.
Ten years later, this is how it goes. I get up around 5.30 am, walk groggy and grumpy into the kitchen, look crossly at my getting-out-for-a-morning walk husband — “Isn’t it canteen day?”, he says hopefully — and rustle up breakfast and tiffins pretending as if I wouldn’t rather be in bed. My son and daughter wake up and, in the mad rush, don’t throw me a second glance till I pointedly close the tiffins loudly. They know the drill and, sometimes, surprise me with the happy act they put up.
We walk to the bus stop, my son telling me to go back, and I walking along nevertheless.
Off to office, where they call asking for things to get. I know better now than to remonstrate. By the time I return and get back into the routine, there are other things my little busybodies have piled up for attention. My long-suffering husband tells me I should not let any of it affect me, even to sleep in at times, but then my daughter turns those gooey eyes towards me and asks for garlic bread the next day, and all those years of talk of the “giving mother” come flooding back.
Oh, I am far from the perfect mother, and my son is probably chuckling to himself this very minute. I get angry at illogical things, expect order, beseech obedience, demand love, fight constant guilt and still wonder how two socks worn by the same person landed up in two different corners of the house. Out of consideration, my son does sometimes leave them in one heap on the continued…

What the Raj cant be blamed forPrint
Written by Khaled Ahmed | Posted: October 4, 2014 12:00 am
On September 18, the Indo-British Heritage Trust held a discussion in London about “whether the Indian subcontinent benefited more than it lost from the experience of British colonisation”. Speakers who said the subcontinent lost were heavyweights like William Dalrymple and Shashi Tharoor, both of whom I have enjoyed listening to and whose books have given me great pleasure. From Pakistan, the speaker chosen on the other side was my colleague at Newsweek Pakistan, Nilofar Bakhtiar who, before leaving for London, agreed with me that we were better off under the British.
Is that surprising, after half a century of failing to fulfil the promises made twice to the people of India? Once when Muslims and Hindus were united in their struggle for freedom; and second when they fell apart, and Muslims promised to set up a utopian state where they would be “free to practise their religion”.
Under British Raj, we were not free, but we were also not slaves. The British were less brutal than the Belgians to their colonies in Africa. We claimed rightly that we had the right to be free, to decide our own destiny, to have the law we wanted and a government we were able to choose. Morally, we had the right to tell the Raj to go, to resist it and struggle against it. We’d had enough of serving the gora sahib and fighting his imperial wars.
We had a different vision of what kind of state we wanted. We wanted equality instead of inequality practised by exploiters, peace instead of the conflict of a developing bipolar world. After fighting the wars of the Raj, we thought of becoming neutral and nonaligned. We could achieve our visions only after becoming independent.
We have inequality today and we have fought many “just” wars to perpetuate it. And the index of unhappiness keeps on climbing.
By ousting the British we also wanted to purge ourselves of what we diagnosed as a “slave mentality”. We had had enough of local brown sahibs who spoke English and perpetuated the Raj of the mind. After Independence, we would revive our languages and learn to think “free” in them. But today, we are slaves to our narratives of exclusion.
Unfortunately, we didn’t have much to fall back on. The British had wrested India from a dying ruling elite that didn’t even control it territorially. We had no political system we could emulate, except tyranny of one sort or another. Jawaharlal Nehru honestly thought the past was all rotten.
Keen to be born as a nation-state, we disagreed we were one nation. Under the British, India was united as one state. We should have become a nation, but we didn’t. One side suspected the Raj was dividing what was one nation; the other side thought we were not one nation in the first place.
Democracy, introduced by the British through limited franchise and devolved elections, was new to us and felt good. They forced us to respect democratic principles. We had a struggle ahead with the kind of continued…

Giants rookie Joe Panik already turning in strong postseasonBy Rick Maese October 4 Follow @RickMaese
Joe Panik heads into the dugout after scoring on a single by Buster Posey during the seventh inning of Game 1. (AP)
When the San Francisco Giants won the World Series in 2010, Joe Panik had finished his sophomore season at St. John’s, where he was studying finance. When they won it all in 2012, Panik was barely old enough to buy a beer and had just wrapped up a season of Class A ball. And as the Giants embarked on their current run, opening the season in April, Panik was a middle infield prospect playing Class AAA ball in Fresno, Calif.
But suddenly Panik is one of the brightest spots in a playoff roster that already shines. He’s 23 years old, barely broke into the majors three months ago and looks like someone who was born to play October baseball.
“I wonder if he’s human sometimes,” Giants first baseman Brandon Belt said Friday night. “I think he is, but I don’t know.”
The rookie second baseman is already 5-for-10 in this postseason, including a pair of big hits in Game 1 of the National League Division Series. His third-inning single Friday knocked in San Francisco’s first run of the game, and then Panik led off the seventh with a triple to left-center and scored what would stand as the Giants’ game-winning run.
“As a competitor, you always want to help the team win,” Panik said. “Since I came up, I wanted to be another link in the chain. That is how this team is. There is not one guy that we have to rely on — it is the entire team.”
But the Giants’ team wouldn’t be complete without Panik. Second base has long been among the team’s biggest holes. Since that 2010 championship, the Giants have cycled through 23 different starters at second, according to the San Francisco Chronicle. Marco Scutaro was never healthy this season for the Giants, and the position was especially in flux in June, when Panik got called up to the big club.
He made his debut as a pinch-hitter on June 21, the next day started at second and has been a regular in the lineup ever since, settling comfortably in the No. 2 hole in the batting order.
“I said this a few times, he really saved us,” said Giants Manager Bruce Bochy. “We had a need there at second base. We tried a couple of guys. He was having a good year down in Fresno. He came up, right away, had a sense of belonging, as we say.”
Nats fans knew Panik’s name well before this playoff series. Washington was riding a 10-game winning streak in August when they faced Panik and the Giants. Panik picked up four hits that day, including his first career homer, as the Giants topped Doug Fister and ended Washington’s run.
Panik has only solidified his role since then. In 73 games, he hit .305/.343/.368. Many young players might feel the October pressure a bit. After playing in college and the minors, Panik has never played this late into the year. It doesn’t seem to be wearing on him.
“It gets a little louder and stuff,” he said of the playoffs. “When it comes down to it, it is the same game. You have to be more fine with the little things. When the pressure gets on you, tell yourself to stay within yourself.”
Rick Maese is a sports features writer for The Washington Post.

Hong Kong government may resume on Monday  but protests go onThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Golf tourism tees off in Kerala  likely to boost sagging spiritsGolf tourism tees off in Kerala, likely to boost sagging spirits  post alcohol prohibition policy
M Sarita Varma | Thiruvananthapuram | Updated:  Oct 05 2014, 06:00  IST
Oct 05 2014, 06:00  IST
 

Manmohan Singh writing his owntell-allPrint
Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. (Source: PTI)
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:46 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 11:15 am
Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is writing a book that will attempt to “leave a historic chronicle of contemporary lives”.
The book, which he started writing in 2008, will keep aside few chapters to give an “honest account” of what transpired between his office and Congress president Sonia Gandhi, sources said. Singh’s first term as PM ended in 2009.
The recurrent criticism against him that he was a weak prime minister who failed to control his ministers has given him a reason to “give a true account of what happened in the UPA government”, the sources added.
Singh’s book may further rattle the Congress leadership, which has already been embarrassed by former party leader K Natwar Singh’s tell-all One Life is Not Enough. Natwar Singh’s book talked about the inner workings of the Congress and his relation with the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty. Former PMO media advisor Sanjaya Baru’s book, The Accidental Prime Minister, also caused much furore with its claim that Sonia had superseded Singh’s authority.
Singh, who, according to one of his close friends, is currently in an “activist” mode, has expedited the work on his book after former Comptroller and Auditor General Vinod Rai’s book attacked him for his role in the 2G spectrum and coal block allocations cases.
According to sources, Singh had already collected all the communication between him, his office and key ministers before the UPA’s second term was over this year. “Now he has given directions for the creation of a website to put up all the communication between the PMO and ministers on controversial issues such as the allocation of telecom licences and coal blocks,” said sources.
Tweets from the then PMO, considered to be the social voice for the latter part of his second term, have already been archived.
Initially, one of Singh’s close associates assisted him in compiling the documents, double-checking the facts and even helping him edit. But Singh took back all the material from the aide after he returned from the US in 2013. Sources said Singh has recently taken some tips from his former colleague Natwar Singh in finalising his book.
Singh felt that he should write down his experiences as the prime minister and his relation with the party chief immediately after his government decided to sign the Indo-US nuclear deal. The decision to sign the deal seemed to have created a rift between him and the party leadership and also broke the UPA’s ties with Left parties in 2008, leading to a trust vote in July that year.

PM shuts post-poll window: cant work with party which shutdoorModi also expressed happiness over former Prime Minister H D Deve Gowda joining the ambitious campaign.
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:39 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 7:56 am
While senior BJP leaders had earlier indicated that they were willing to consider a post-poll alliance with the Shiv Sena, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday clearly dismissed the possibility.
Addressing a rally here, he said, “How can a government in Delhi work with someone who shut the doors on us… someone who does not have the courage to share a platform with me?”
While Modi, who kicked off his poll campaign in Maharashtra and Haryana on Saturday, did not name the Shiv Sena, it was clear that his target was the BJP’s former ally.
Promising to make Mumbai slum-free by 2022, he said, “Unfortunately, you have people coming and collecting haftas (extortion money), but they never deliver the results… Mumbaikars cannot be left vulnerable any more.” The reference to “hatfa” seemed to be aimed at the local Shiv Sainiks.
Taking his cue from Modi, state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis said: “It is not enough to just take the name of Chhatrapati Shivaji and then go to people and collect haftas… In 2002, it was Modi who first visited Shivaji’s fort and pledged to provide an administration like Shivaji.” The Sena had earlier criticised the BJP’s poll slogan — “Chalo Chale Chhatrapati Shivaji Ka Le Aashirwad”.
The BJP had so far refrained from criticising its former ally. In fact, earlier this week, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari had said, “We are not ruling out a post-poll alliance with Shiv Sena.” Supporting this line, senior party leader L K Advani had lamented the BJP-Sena break-up and urged the two parties to patch up after polls. Senior BJP leader Kalraj Mishra had also talked of a post-poll alliance.
But, setting the stage for an aggressive campaign on Saturday, Modi asked the people to ensure absolute majority to the BJP and ensure perfect coordination between the state and the central governments.
“The financial capital of India will determine the economic well-being and growth of the entire nation. Maharashtra is a state which sets the direction for the nation. And it is my resolve to ensure progress of Mumbai and Maharashtra. There cannot be any compromise or doubts on Maharashtra’s immense significance in shaping the destiny of Hindustan,” he said.
Targeting the outgoing Congress-NCP government, he said, “The state registered a maximum of 3,700 farmer suicides every year, yet Union Agriculture Minister Sharad Pawar is from Maharashtra. It appears that he was unmindful about the crisis despite being in the government at the Centre and having a Congress-NCP government in the state also.”
Promising infrastructure development, Modi pledged to make Mumbai a world-class city. He also promised modernisation of railway network through greater foreign direct investment.

Launchpad: Range of pricepointsExpress News Service | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:38 am
Range of price points
Product: MICROSOFT Lumia
Price: Rs 15,299 TO Rs 38,469
Microsoft Devices is preparing for the festival season with three new Lumia devices aimed at the affordable and high-end segment.
The Lumia 730 priced Rs 15,299, the Lumia 830 priced Rs 28,799 will try and woo those looking for a phone in the affordable range, while the Lumia 930 flagship will have a high-end Rs 38,649 price tag. With the three new devices as well as the Lumia 1520, Microsoft is now offering 1 TB of cloud storage free for the first six months.The Lumia 930, launched globally in April, stands apart for its 20 MP PureView camera with ZEISS optics and advanced Rich Recording.
4K recording
Product: Lenovo Vibe Z2 Pro
Price:  Rs 32,999
Lenovo has introduced its VIBE Z2 Pro smartphone in India at a price of Rs 32,999. The VIBE Z2 Pro sports a 6-inch screen offering quad-HD display at 2560 x 1440 pixels, 490 ppi screen density and a 16  MP rear camera with optical image stabilization that can shoot 4K videos. The Lenovo VIBE Z2 Pro will be available exclusively on Flipkart from October 6 onwards. Running on a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 MSM8974AC 2.5 GHz quad-core processor with Adreno 330 GPU and 3 GB RAM, the device runs on Android 4.4 KitKat OS and offers 32 GB of internal storage.
Top-end specs
Product: XOLO Q2100
Price: Rs  13,499
You no longer need to save up to buy a top-end iPhone or Samsung Galaxy device to use the fingerprint scanner. The new XOLO Q2100 will give you this smartphone security feature for just Rs 13,499. It has a 5.5-inch HD IPS display and DTS surround sound. The Android 4.4 KitKat phone has a quad-core 1.3 GHz CPU with 1GB LPDDR3 RAM. There is a 8  MP rear camera with Exmor R sensor and a 2  MP front camera. The phone also features the Smart Touch Gesture to open apps with pre-assigned gestures even in sleep mode. The phone has a 2800 mAh Battery and supports two SIMs (3G+2G).
Portable sound
Product: Bose SoundLink COLOR
Price: Rs 11,138
Bose’s latest is a compact SoundLink Color Bluetooth  speaker with a new SoundLink design. It weighs just 0.5 Kg and will easily fit into a handbag. The speaker combines dual-opposing passive radiators with two high-efficiency transducers for full-range sound, including deep, low-note performance. The speaker connects wirelessly to a smartphone, tablet or other Bluetooth enabled device, and uses voice prompts — available in several languages — to simplify setup, and identify which source is connected. Available from October 6 for Rs 11,138.

Delhi Polices Saturday op: Tilak Marg police stationclean-upPolice Chief B S Bassi (left) at Tilak Marg police station. (Source: Express photo by Renuka Puri)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:35 am
After Prime Minister Narendra Modi took up a broom and swept the dirty parking lot of  Mandir Marg police station last Thursday, the Delhi Police brass too decided to get their hands dirty. Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi and his team of senior officers spent Saturday afternoon cleaning up Tilak Marg police station. The officers removed the rubble outside Tilak Marg station. Then, with brooms in hand, they moved to the police colony.
Delhi Police PRO Rajan Bhagat said, “The police chief has ordered a cleanliness drive in all 181 police stations in Delhi. The PM had said that everyone should spare at least two hours a week to clean their surroundings. The exercise started at 12 pm and went on till 2 pm. All Special CPs, Joint CPs and the DCPs  joined Bassi in the cleanliness drive.”

JPMorgan hackers attacked 10 other financialfirmsPrint
New York Times | Newyork | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:30 am
The huge cyberattack on JPMorgan Chase that touched more than 83 million households and businesses was one of the most serious computer intrusions into an American corporation. But it could have been much worse.
Questions over who the hackers are and the approach of their attack concern government and industry officials. Also troubling is that about nine other financial institutions — a number that has not been previously reported — were also infiltrated by the same group of overseas hackers, according to people briefed on the matter.
The hackers are thought to be operating from Russia and appear to have at least loose connections with officials of the Russian government, the people briefed on the matter said.
It is unclear whether the other intrusions, at banks and brokerage firms, were as deep as the one that JPMorgan disclosed on Thursday.
The identities of the other institutions could not be immediately learned.
The breadth of the attacks — and the lack of clarity about whether it was an effort to steal from accounts or to demonstrate that the hackers could penetrate even the best-protected American financial institutions — has left Washington intelligence officials and policy makers far more concerned than they have let on publicly. Some American officials speculate that the breach was intended to send a message to Wall Street and the United States about the vulnerability of the digital network of one of the world’s most important banking institutions.
“It could be in retaliation for the sanctions” placed on Russia, one senior official briefed on the intelligence said. “But it could be mixed motives — to steal if they can, or to sell whatever information they could glean.”
The JPMorgan hackers burrowed into the digital network of the bank and went down a path that gave them access to information about the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of account holders. They never made it into where the more critical financial information and personal information are stored.
The bank’s security team, which first discovered the attack in late July, managed to block the hackers before they could compromise the most sensitive information about tens of millions of JPMorgan customers, said several security experts and others briefed on the matter. The attack was not completely halted until the middle of August and it was only in recent days that the bank began to tally its full extent.
American officials say they have been working with JPMorgan since the intrusion was detected, chiefly through the Treasury, the Secret Service and intelligence agencies that seek to find the source of the attacks. But that is slow work and one official cautioned against leaping to conclusions about the identities or the motives of the attackers. “We’ve been wrong before,” he said.
JPMorgan, the nation’s largest bank, has begun contacting customers and making clear that no money was taken from any accounts. There has been no evidence of any fraudulent use of customer information. The hackers ended up with the addresses, email addresses and phone numbers of everyone who logged into JPMorgan’s websites continued…

Incursion during Xi visit mysterious  says IAFchiefRaha said that a fighter aircraft base is coming up at Nyoma in Ladakh, but added that the project would take about five years to be completed.
Express News Service | New Delhi/jammu | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:28 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 12:46 pm
The Chinese incursion into Ladakh and the way the episode had coincided with the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to India was a “mystery”, IAF chief Arup Raha said on Saturday even as he stressed that Indian forces were not yielding any ground at the border.
“It’s been always a mystery the way incursions take place and the way they get timed with various visits… It’s nothing new, it remains a mystery for all of us.
“You all know that in diplomacy a lot of signalling is done, especially so with our northern neighbour. It could be part of some signalling to my mind. But I am not going to guess what it really means,” he said at an interaction ahead of Indian Air Force’s 82nd anniversary celebrations on Oct. 8.
However, making it clear that India was “not giving ground to anyone”, Raha blamed the frequent face-offs between Indian and Chinese troops along the Line of Actual Control on differences of perception between the two countries over the actual position.
“There are differences in perception as to where is the LAC… This is leading to face-offs. However, our security forces are following policies… We are not giving ground to anyone,” he said.
Meanwhile, referring to the measures being taken to build military infrastructure along the border with China, Raha said that a fighter aircraft base is coming up at Nyoma in Ladakh, but added that the project would take about five years to be completed.
Another base would come up in Kargil, he said, adding that the funds will be released soon for it. “These bases are strategically important for us and will improve our capabilities,” he said. Upgrade of six airfields in the northeast is also being carried out and the work will be completed by the end of 2015. That would allow air force to operate fixed wing aircraft from there for swifter force mobilisation, Raha said.
Jawan killed in IED blast in J&K
JAMMU: An Army jawan was killed and one injured when an improvised explosive device went off in Balnoi area of J&K’s Mendhar district Saturday. Defence Ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manisg Mehta identified the dead jawan as Sepoy Akshaya Godbole. ENS

Yahoo plans to invest part of Alibaba proceeds inSnapchatPrint
Reuters | Bangalore | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:26 am
Yahoo Inc plans to invest a part of the proceeds from the Alibaba Group Holding Ltd stake sale in mobile app Snapchat, which lets users send messages that disappear after a few seconds, the Wall Street Journal said.
Yahoo and Snapchat held talks that are expected to lead to an investment in the mobile-messaging startup’s next funding round, the Journal said, citing three people familiar with the matter.
The round values Snapchat at about $10 billion and it was not clear how much Yahoo plans to invest in the hugely popular application, the Journal said.
Yahoo and Snapchat were not immediately available for comments. Institutional Venture Partners and DST Global, two previous Snapchat investors, are also planning to invest in the company, the paper reported, citing two people familiar with the matter.

Rise in jihadi activities in Kerala  TN  says RSSchiefExpress News Service Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:26 am
He may have spoken on a wide range of issues, from preserving ecology to jihad, but RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat’s Vijayadashami speech on Friday had a clear subtext. He picked for special mention four states — Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Assam and West Bengal — where the BJP is trying hard to make electoral gains.
Bhagwat cautioned that the lives of local Hindu communities, law and order situation and the national security were under “serious threat” in states like Kerala, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal and Assam, all ruled by non-BJP parties.
Bhagwat said the Bharat of the RSS’s vision was “one which accepts all pluralities of the universe and is capable of presenting itself as an example of integration”. And then came the caveat: “This is the Bharat that we have to build… a strong Bharat which will be a natural assurance of safety and security to every such person who claims links with its land, ancestors and culture.”
Defending the RSS chief’s view, BJP general secretary P Murlidhar Rao said Bhagwat did not mean that only those who have a link with this land, ancestors and culture were safe here. “When he said Bharat and its culture, he did not mean that it was the RSS definition of Bharat or culture. In fact, he spoke at length about plurality,” Rao said.
The speech, a link of the summary of which was tweeted by Prime Minister Modi, also echoed almost all the emotional electoral issues which the BJP used during the campaign for the Lok Sabha, namely, a ban on cow slaughter, jihadis in the south and illegal immigration of Bangladeshis to the eastern states.
The RSS chief accused the governments in Kerala and Tamil Nadu of failing to check the “serious upsurge in jihadi activities”. “No effective policy imperatives, efforts are visible in curbing such activities. No visible reduction in smuggling of rare earth minerals from the southern coast has come to notice,” he said.
By blaming ruling parties — Trinamool Congress in West Bengal and the Congress in Assam— he endorsed the BJP’s point of view, adding, “Near surrender before these fanatic elements and appeasement policy adopted by the ruling parties in these states, have put the life of local Hindu communities, the law and order situation as well as the national security under serious threat in the region.”
On Naxalism, Bhagwat and NDA take different lines
Raipur: RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat’s stand on the Maoist problem seems to be at odds with that of the NDA government. While Union Minister Rajnath Singh has continued…

Chennais stormwater network not readyUpdated: October 5, 2014 01:33 IST
Chennai’s stormwater network not ready
Aloysius Xavier Lopez
Tweet
The Hindu Pollution of stormwater drains has led to a rise in the amount of sewage in major waterways such as Buckingham Canal — Photo: M. Srinath
The Hindu In places such as P.S. Sivasamy Road, commercial establishments with sewer connections have provided a parallel link to stormwater drains on roads, leading to overflowing of drains — Photo: M. Srinath
Three weeks ahead of monsoon, work remains unfinished
Ahead of the onset of the northeast monsoon in the third week of October, a lot of work related to remodelling and construction of new stormwater drains remains unfinished.
Having dropped work on many stretches and pinning hopes merely on partial desilting, the Chennai Corporation officials are keeping their fingers crossed this rainy season.
“Overflowing sewage in stormwater drains has been a major hurdle for completion of work on many stretches, including P.S. Sivaswamy Salai in Mylapore and Triplicane High Road,” said an official.
The Corporation initiated work on assessment of illegal sewer inlets in stormwater drains last year, and Metrowater initiated a reconnection drive in many localities.
But the civic body is yet to compile the entire list of illegal sewer inlets in stormwater drains. “Many commercial establishments that have obtained proper sewer connection have also provided a parallel link in stormwater drains on the roads. The stormwater drains are overflowing with sewage. Remodelling of such drains remains a challenge,” said an official.
The Chennai Corporation has dropped 50 per cent of the work involving remodelling of old stormwater drains measuring 182.95 km in the old city limits. “In such areas, we have carried out only desilting of old brick drains,” said an official.
The civic body is however unsure of the impact of inadequate stormwater network in a period of unusual quantum of rainfall across the country.
Old stormwater drains had to be replaced with concrete structures because of old, damaged brickwork caused by illegal sewage flow.
Construction of new stormwater drains for a length of 320.90 km in the old city limits of Tondiarpet, Royapuram, Thiru-Vi-Ka Nagar, Anna Nagar, Teynampet, Kodambakkam and Adyar has been completed in many localities.
Work on more than 20 per cent of the work has been dropped because of traffic restrictions and other civic development projects.
Areas such as Velechery, Kolathur, Virugambakkam, Arumbakkam, Thiru-Vi-Ka Nagar and Kasimedu have newly-built stormwater drains on roads previously without such facilities.
Before commencement of the JNNURM-funded project, the Chennai Corporation’s old city limits had a 935-km-long stormwater drain network.
Setting a target of creating additional 470 km of stormwater drains by 2012, the civic body has been able to complete only around 330 km so far.
Challenges pertaining to inundation of other areas without a proper stormwater drain network are likely to be tackled only after completion of a study on the illegal sewer network in stormwater drains.

The Bad Habit of Good HabitsImage: tlorna / Shutterstock
Is having good habits, a good habit in itself?
Reading a piece on instant gratification one evening, I realized for the first time why I have always enjoyed breaking my own habits.
Because we make a decision even when we choose to not make one.
The article I was reading was about how to practice restraint and not eat that certain extra piece of chocolate cake; instead I wondered how to refrain from answering my mails immediately, even when working on another project. The satisfaction gained by impulsive behaviour does not apply restrictively to vices and bad habits, but also to good ones. To paraphrase Jean Nidetch "It is choice -- not chance that determines your destiny." It is choices, not habits, which should define us. As positive a process as it may appear, is having good habits a good habit in itself?
How habits make us feel
The routine of a well-conditioned action brings with it the soothing feeling of self-assurance. Examples may include drinking coffee in the morning or maybe sleeping on the left side of the bed. These actions at their fundamental economize mental resources: it so happens that some of these habits, such as running in the morning and ensuring zero inbox in the end of the day are beneficial to the individual and are thus lauded as good ones.
Breaking habits however is far more uncomfortable than creating them. It is easy to see why one would want to see some of the detrimental aspects of them disappear from their lives, of which addiction is an obvious example. Yet other habits that are equally difficult to break do get broken for the purpose of maintaining mental agility, such as sleeping on demand in different time zones to avoid jetlag, or driving in the opposite side of the road in another country.
How can a habit influence us?
To understand how far a simple habit can influence us, I will ask that you take a minute and think to which side, on your left or right, you prefer to have people when standing or walking. I've noticed that usually it is to the side of the stronger arm. While no academic on the matter, it is intuitively true that people do so as to unconsciously be able to better defend themselves if required. When a person then stands on the 'wrong' side, it feels imminently uncomfortable and an attempt to switch sides occurs. If another person purposely remains on the 'wrong' side, people often experience an off-balance feeling, often interpreted as nervousness and rationalized away as the other person appearing "intimidating" or "unfriendly" even if otherwise their behavior was nothing of the sort.
Routines become habits and habits can define a person to the point they stop defining themselves. If the formation of a habit is the beginning of such a process, can it be that intentional self-awareness leads to different results? If breaking the patterns of habits leads to freedom and freedom unlocks one's potential, could it be that habits themselves limit potential?
Good habits are known to free the mind through economy of resources. Habits are shortcuts of the mind and body, processing in a non-cognitive manner information and external stimuli. Functioning on habit mode, a person does not have real time awareness of the environment or process taking place, and therefore has by default distorted perception. People, however, cannot survive without relying on habits, as the conscious mind can only cope with limited input.
How can good habits lead to opportunity cost?
Is it possible though that one could be their own obstacle through their habits? Such possibility does exist in terms of comfort, perception and ego, all leading to opportunity cost:
1. Comfort yields resistance to change, which leads to stagnation.
2. Perception creates a barrier, a filter, to any other view but one's own, distorting reality.
3. Ego; as the habit becomes part of oneself and shelters itself, creates defensiveness and therefore limitation and exclusion of options.
How to employ a habit
Habits therefore should be seen as similar to a light switch that can be turned on and off consciously, depending on circumstances and targets rather than constitutive fixtures. Even in cases where falling back on the habit would be the most convenient way to achieve something, we stay in the dark about all the other unexplored paths that might have been taken if we maintained conscious awareness. Switching on and off habits may lead to the option of cognitive behavioural awareness, when required, and accordingly self-adjustment.
Habits should be employed, only as matter of choice, ensuring economy of resources, better decision making and self-improvement. "Creatures of habit" become slaves of their habits, whilst decision makers remove one further barrier away: their own selves.
The roadmap of good habits
Is then developing good habits a roadmap to success? Good habits appear to be stepping stones in the rise to success. One needs to have a destination, a purpose and self-awareness to switch to a different stone comfortably depending on how circumstances influence their target. Stepping to a flat stone to go fast or to a tall to look far. A habit that was once "good" may prove to be "bad" long-term, in different or changing circumstances.
If habits are stepping stones, their choice should be the result of reality's and targets' cognitive approach and their adjustment a constant opportunity. Choices, not habits, should define us.
Follow Maria Ploumaki on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MPloumaki
More:

India should aim $40 bn gold jewellery expor...exports
(WGC said that the country…)
NEW DELHI: India, the world's largest gold consumer, should target five-folds increase in gold jewellery exports to USD 40 billion by 2020 from the current level of USD 8 billion, according to the World Gold Council (WGC).
The country should also put to use about 22,000 tonnes of gold lying idle with households and temples and reduce its dependence on imports in the next five years, it said.
Besides, it should aim creation of 5 million new jobs across the gold value chain - manufacturing, retailing, assaying and recycling areas, it added.
"Our vision for gold is that it should be put to work for the economy, creating jobs, developing skills, generating exports and revenues - an essential part of the financial, economic and social structure of the country," WGC said in its Vision 2020 for the country.
In the next five years, India should target to be 'jeweller to the world' and gold jewellery exports from here should increase five-fold to USD 40 billion from the current level of USD 8 billion, it said in a statement.
WGC said that the country should meet 40 per cent of gold demand from its domestic stocks and the rest 60 per cent through imports and mining.
That apart, India should target 75 per cent of gold sold to be standardised and hallmarked in the next five years. It should also provide higher loan to value ratio for hallmarked jewellery and ensure mandatory hallmarking for pieces above a designated selling price, WGC said.
WGC also suggested the government launch 'Karigar welfare scheme' towards skill development and training of artisans and promotion of 'Gold tourism' circuit, showcasing handcrafted Indian jewellery.
"This vision is to outline objectives for the industry that address the savings habit underpinning gold demand, support value addition, increase employment opportunities and benefit the industry in an organised way without curbing supply or impacting the current account deficit," it said.
This will allow the gold trade to operate in a free and transparent manner for the benefit of millions of households and eventually lead to increased economic wealth for the nation, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Standoffs get ugly at Hong Kong democracy pr...Standoffs get ugly at Hong Kong democracy protests
AP Oct 4, 2014, 07.00PM IST
Tags:
Black Police
(A pro-democracy student…)
HONG KONG: Standoffs between Hong Kong's pro-democracy protesters and their antagonists grew increasingly ugly Saturday, as the two sides traded insults and at times taunted police. The city's leader said streets occupied by the protest must be cleared by Monday.
Although the mostly student-led protesters stuck to their pledges of non-violence, holding up their arms to show peaceful resistance, some shouted abuse at people who gathered to challenge their occupation of a major street in the blue-collar Mong Kok district, which is home to many migrants from the Chinese mainland.
"Go back to the mainland," some shouted, cursing them in Cantonese.
Minor skirmishes broke out constantly, broken up by police or bystanders. Adding to the disorder, some residents dumped water from their apartments onto the people below.
The students accused police of failing to protect them from attacks Friday by mobs intent on driving them away, shouting "Black Police!" a reference to their claim that the police had allied with "black societies," or criminal gangs, to clear out the protesters. The claim was vehemently denied by the government.
Thousands of supporters attended an evening rally in solidarity with the pro-democracy movement's calls for wider political reforms.
"Go Hong Kong!" they shouted.
"The more suppression by the government, the more resistance by the people," Joshua Wong, a 17-year-old student leader declared.
The city's top leader, Chief Secretary Leung Chun-ying, appeared on television Saturday evening to once again urge everyone to go home, saying things needed to get back to normal by Monday.
"There are many problems to be resolved in society, but the right way is through rational communication to seek common ground while holding back differences," he said. "Not fighting on the streets, which makes things worse."
Friday and early Saturday, police arrested 19 people during a night of running brawls in which at least 12 people and six officers were injured. Eight men were believed to have backgrounds linked to triads, or organized crime, said Senior Superintendent Patrick Kwok Pak-chung.
Officials vehemently denied rumors they might have coordinated with the gangs to clear the streets.
"Such rumors linking us to `black societies,' are utterly unfair," Hong Kong's visibly agitated security chief, Lai Tung-kwok, told reporters.
Cheung Tak-keung, the deputy police superintendent, said the police were trying their best to maintain ``buffer zones'' between people of opposing views.
"The situation was not easy to handle. There were thousands of people," Cheung said, noting that many of those gathered were just onlookers who could get caught up in a "very high risk activity."
"We strongly condemn all violent acts," he said, cautioning people to avoid such areas because "unsettled people's emotions may cause more confrontations."
The confrontations, mostly in the gritty, blue-collar Mong Kok district, led protest leaders to call off planned talks with the government on political reforms. Students and other activists object to China's decision to require a committee of mostly pro-Beijing figures screen candidates for the city's first-ever election of its top leader in 2017. They are also demanding Leung's resignation.
  With the talks suspended, the next steps were uncertain. Police have repeatedly urged protesters and their opponents to clear the streets but have shown tolerance after the use of pepper spray and tear gas to disperse protesters last weekend just drew more people into the streets.
The standoff in Mong Kok, across Victoria Harbor from the activists' main protest encampment, continued Saturday after a tense night when hundreds of supporters of the protesters gathered to protect them.
Kwok said those arrested were facing charges of unlawful assembly, fighting in public and assault. On Saturday, the situation remained tense as the anti-protest groups regrouped in Mong Kok, at times chanting ``Pack Up!'' at the protesters.
The opponents of the demonstrations are using blue ribbons to signal their support for the mainland Chinese government, while the protesters are wearing yellow ribbons. At least some opponents of the protests are residents fed up with blocked streets and related inconveniences.
Some people on the "blue ribbon" side rallied in Kowloon's waterfront Tsim Sha Tsui. "Love Hong Kong" and "Support Police" they chanted, holding up flags and heart-shaped signs with the slogan, "Alliance in support of our police force."
"Now the students are trying to control the government," complained a man who gave only his first name, Jackie. "If there was a riot on Wall Street in America they wouldn't tolerate such troublemaking."
The Hong Kong Federation of Students, one of the groups leading the protests that drew a peak crowd of tens of thousands of people earlier in the week, said they saw no choice but to cancel the dialogue they had agreed to after Leung proposed talks. They demanded the government hold someone responsible for the scuffles Friday.
The allegations that organized crime members were involved fueled jitters at the movement's main camp, outside government headquarters.
"Many people are gathering here and they are very determined to unite against the triad members," said Amy Ho, 21, who was studying translation at university.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Haider: Beyond the line of controlSpecial Arrangement A still from Haider
Special Arrangement A still from Haider
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
It takes some amount of guts, ambition and skill to ride two wild horses — at the same time. And Vishal Bhardwaj is in glorious form as he churns out the best of his Shakespeare trilogy, an adaptation of Hamlet… which is also an unflinching look at the recent political history of Kashmir that bred many Haiders thirsting for revenge against the brothers of their fathers based on a ghost version of history. A story so audacious that Mother India crosses the Line of Control, not just metaphorically.
While the political repercussions of juxtaposing the Kashmir situation with Hamlet can be argued endlessly, especially in the context of the depiction of the Indian army, there is no denying that mass graves of disappeared people were indeed found. It is a proven and uncomfortable part of Kashmir’s history where a few people with power gave an entire force a bad name. But the Kashmir issue is not just about who did what but about the why: Revenge. Misguided youth baying for blood goaded on by manipulative politicians.
Haider then is the story of a flawed, misguided, conflicted man, not a hero. Shahid Kapoor is a revelation as a man with a wounded soul and existential crisis torn between his love for Arshia, his Ophelia (even Shraddha Kapoor is thoroughly convincing) and his hate for her father. He represents Kashmiri youth (whose homes were destroyed during a painfully turbulent phase in recent history) haunted by the past and coping with the newly formed alliance at home.
Genre: Drama Director: Vishal Bhardwaj Cast: Tabu, Shahid Kapoor, Kay Kay Menon, Shraddha Kapoor, Irrfan Khan Storyline: Haider must avenge his father’s death by killing his uncle who coveted his mother Bottomline: An absolutely delightful and lyrical adaptation of Hamlet that takes some liberties, for Kashmir’s sake
Haider’s old home was destroyed thanks to the war between militants and the army. His father (Narendra Jha is quite the find of the film) was a casualty of a misunderstanding, representative of a generation that literally disappeared because of doubt — when the State could not take a chance or tell who was a militant and who wasn’t.
The mother (Tabu representing Mother India shines in one of the strongest roles ever written for women in modern cinematic history) is trying to move on and trying to embrace normalcy, even if this sense of security is given by the people responsible for the destruction of her family (Kay Kay Menon, as the uncle with designs on the mother, pulls off an equally complex role with ease).
What happens when the boy is given a gun to get his revenge?
This is a murderous and explosive family dynamic — a ticking time-bomb and Haider is all about the tension that goes down to the wire with the timeless question that echoes all through the narrative.
Vishal Bhardwaj crafts this nervous tension in pale white Kashmir, lets it simmer all through the first half, soaking you in the environment slowly and indulgently till the dramatic entry of the ghost (Irrfan Khan in simply one of the finest roles he has ever got) and then stokes the flames, sexes it up with a rocking score, loaded lyrics, colourful choreography and brilliantly staged monologues — all as interesting interpretations of scenes from the source material. The second half is when the politics of Kashmir impregnates Hamlet. Shahid’s long monologue and the choreography of ‘Bismil’ are two of the best moments in Hindi cinema of recent times. Will he or won’t he take the revenge he has been craving for?
Haider is about one man’s journey from the ruins of his home to the refuge of a graveyard and his ultimate choice. Vishal bookends his film with these two homes: A home that gets blasted into a graveyard and the second a graveyard that shows him the way home. It doesn’t get more lyrical than this in Hindi cinema.
Lyricist Gulzar, writer-director Vishal Bhardwaj, and writer Basharat Peer have given us an instant classic, a literary epic (the screenplay is out in the stores too) with a lesson to learn from recent history. Haider is an incredibly brave uncompromising film made with loads of conviction with blatant disregard to market conventions, one that will make you cheer during the meta-moment in the film when Salman Khan fans get their skulls crushed.
Get your minds blown. Forget your phone, forget your watch. Brush up on your Shakespeare or at least Wiki it. And you will find Haider to be a truly rewarding cinematic experience.

Health officials watching 49 people in Dallas for EbolaBy Lenny Bernstein October 4 Follow @LennyMBernstein
Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said the agency is watching more than 40 people as potential contacts of the Ebola patient in Texas. (Reuters)
Federal and state health officials said Saturday that they are continuing to monitor the conditions of 49 people in the Dallas area who may have had contact with Thomas Eric Duncan, the first person diagnosed with the Ebola infection in the United States, but none has shown signs of the disease.
The group includes nine people who almost certainly came in contact with Duncan — four in the apartment where he was staying — and about 40 others whom officials cannot rule out, said Tom Frieden, director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Because most people begin to show signs of infection within eight to 10 days, and Duncan became contagious Sept. 24, the next few days are a critical period in determining whether anyone else has the disease, he said. But he noted that the incubation period can extend for 21 days.
Duncan's condition worsened from serious to critical Saturday afternoon, according to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas. He is isolated and in intensive care.
Meanwhile, the District of Columbia Department of Health announced Saturday that a person admitted to Howard University Hospital  on Friday does not have Ebola. The patient is the second in the past two days to test negative for the virus after showing up at a Washington area hospital with symptoms of the disease. A patient at Shady Gove Adventist Hospital in Rockville, Md., turned out to have malaria, not Ebola, officials said Friday night.
The number of people being monitored for symptoms of Ebola in the U.S. is growing. Here's how the virus spreads and how contact tracing works to stop outbreaks. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Saturday afternoon, the CDC investigated a passenger on a flight that had landed at Newark Airport. The passenger, who was believed to be from Liberia, according to reports in New York media, had vomited during the flight, said a spokeswoman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which oversees the airport. Vomiting can be a symptom of Ebola infection, but also of other diseases common to West Africa, such as malaria .
The spokeswoman, Erica Dumas, said CDC and Port Authority workers met United Flight 998 from Brussels, which landed at 12:15 p.m., and removed a man and his daughter. The rest of the passengers were released at 1:50 p.m. The man and his daughter were taken to University Hospital in Newark.
University Hospital said in a statement on its Facebook page Saturday evening that "the symptoms of one individual were found to be consistent with another, minor treatable condition unrelated to Ebola." The daughter was asymptomatic, the hospital said. Both were to be released but will be monitored, the statement said.
The 49 people who will be monitored for 21 days in Dallas include some who later rode in the ambulance that took Duncan to the hospital Sept. 28, when he became violently ill with Ebola. Frieden said officials couldn't be entirely sure that they did not come in contact with the virus and will track their conditions.
The nine highest-risk patients include an unspecified number of health-care workers who came in contact with Duncan while he had symptoms of the lethal hemorrhagic disease but before he was isolated at the hospital. Another four were living in the Dallas apartment where the Liberian man was staying. The have been moved to a private home in another location donated anonymously.
In all, CDC and local authorities have assessed 114 people to determine whether they had contact with Duncan. Frieden stressed that the numbers in cases where such " contact tracing " must be conducted frequently change, as people remember new contacts or officials discover them.
A hazardous-materials crew arrived Friday at a Texas apartment where the U.S. Ebola patient Thomas Duncan stayed to collect bed sheets and towels used by him before he was hospitalized. (AP)
He said the effort shows that the public health system knows how to contain Ebola in the United States, using methods that public health workers employ every day against tuberculosis, measles and other communicable diseases.
"The way to stop Ebola in its tracks is contact tracing and followup," Frieden said.
Frieden and David Lakey, commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services, offered no clearer explanation Saturday for the system's most notable mistake: When Duncan showed up at Texas Presbyterian with symptoms of Ebola on Sept. 25 and reported that he had been in Africa, health workers there sent him home instead of isolating him. At first that was blamed on a failure of the medical records system that did not send that information to the entire medical team. But the hospital retracted that explanation late Friday night without elaborating on how the mistake was made.
Frieden said that news of the Dallas patient has created an expected surge in reports of Ebola symptoms around the country, with "well over 100 inquiries" about possible cases. He said more than a dozen labs are now able to test blood for the virus, allowing for a more rapid response to any suspected patients.
 
This post has been updated.
 

Battlefield Haryana: Modi Slams Congress  Sonia Calls Modi  Empty VesselThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Forex reserves continue to fall;Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Lets see what if inr goes down to 63 .from 100 to 70 isn`t just bull m...Platinum Member
50 Followers
You are saying very honestly but these causes does not work in a market. Modi is share holder since before 2000 year but after that this stock is seen many more up-downs in a market.
4.21 PM Oct 5th

Ab itna sanskrit to padh hi loge  zara padh lena pleaseSilver Member
12 Followers
One must do bookprofit at higher/current level----dont short,only do bkpft.Dont take long position at this level---and if so,strictly do stoploss or hedging with some lots of selling  call options of out of money.

Sintex industries will shoot once quarterly results will be announced....Platinum Member
50 Followers
You are saying very honestly but these causes does not work in a market. Modi is share holder since before 2000 year but after that this stock is seen many more up-downs in a market.
4.21 PM Oct 5th

I&B top brass flagged RSS chiefs speech toministerPrint
The issue of RSS chief's speech was brought up in the meeting between the ministry and Doordarshan.
Written by Ritu Sarin , Raghvendra Rao | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:59 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 8:31 am
Information & Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar may have stated that he had no idea about Doordarshan’s live telecast of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat’s speech and that he learnt about it late Thursday night, but inquires made by The Sunday Express have revealed that senior officials had, in fact, brought up the matter during a meeting in Javadekar’s office on Thursday evening — a day before the telecast.
Top sources in Doordarshan and the I&B Ministry said the issue of the live broadcast came up during a discussion on Thursday evening, in the minister’s chamber in Shastri Bhawan where both Prasar Bharati CEO Jawhar Sircar and Doodarshan’s Director General (News) Archana Datta were present along with some other senior officials.
According to sources, it was Datta who first brought up the issue, and Javadekar immediately gave the green signal. “The minister, in fact, told the two officials that he need not be asked repeatedly about the telecast and that Doordarshan should just go ahead and go live with the RSS chief’s speech,” said an official familiar with the sequence of events. It was following this verbal nod that Doordarshan decided to air Bhagwat’s speech live on Friday morning.
While confirming that a meeting did take place in Javadekar’s office on Thursday, Dutta said the issue of live coverage of Bhagwat’s speech was not discussed at all. “It was a meeting to discuss the upcoming Kisan channel,” she claimed.
Datta also denied that she was under any instructions from the minister to telecast the speech live. “We got inputs from our Nagpur correspondent about this RSS programme and decided to cover it. I strongly, and in no uncertain terms, want to say that I did not get any instructions from the minister or the Prasar Bharati CEO about this matter,” she said.
Sircar did not respond to calls or an SMS seeking his comments.
Asked whether it was under his instructions that Doordarshan decided to air Bhagwat’s hour-long speech live, Javadekar said, “It was under direct instructions of the previous UPA government that such events were not being telecast. There were absolutely no instructions from my side. They (Doordarshan) decide on their own and that is the correct way to do it.”
“Are you asking the same question to the private channels — as to why did they telecast it live?” Javadekar asked. When reminded that questions were being asked because of Doordarshan being a state-run public broadcaster, he said, “On one hand, there is talk of Prasar Bharati’s autonomy, and when Prasar Bharati acts independently, these kinds of questions are raised. How can both things go together? Doordarshan did the right thing.”
Javadekar also insisted that if private channels can decide to cover a programme depending upon its newsworthiness, Doordarshan cannot afford to lag behind. continued…

Oxford scholar chosen for Ramanujan prizeUpdated: October 5, 2014 03:16 IST
Oxford scholar chosen for Ramanujan prize
Special Correspondent
James Maynard of the Oxford University
TOPICS
mathematics
The 2014 SASTRA Ramanujan Prize will be awarded to Dr. James Maynard (27) of the Oxford University.
The prize, established in 2005, is awarded annually to young mathematicians for outstanding contributions in the areas influenced by the mathematical genius Srinivasa Ramanujan. The age limit for the prize has been fixed at 32 to reflect Ramanujan’s achievements in his brief life span of 32 years.
The prize will be awarded on Ramanujan’s birth anniversary that falls on December 22 at the SASTRA University in Kumbakonam. Dr. Maynard will receive the cash award of $ 10,000 along with a citation. He will deliver the Ramanujan Birthday Commemorative Lecture.
Dr. Maynard, who received his Ph. D from the Oxford University two years ago, is currently a post-doc at the University of Montreal, Canada, and still holds a position at the Oxford.
In the last two years, he has obtained spectacular results in prime number theory, especially on the small gaps problem. In the preceding few weeks, he had solved the famous problem of Paul Erdos on large gaps between primes, taking the world of number theory by storm. The SASTRA Ramanujan Prize is his first major one.
The 2014 SASTRA Ramanujan Prize Committee, comprising Professors Krishnaswami Alladi - Chair (University of Florida), Roger Heath-Brown (Oxford University), Winnie Li (The Pennsylvania State University), David Masser (University of Basel), Barry Mazur (Harvard University), Peter Paule (Johannes Kepler University of Linz), and Michael Rapoport (University of Bonn).
Previous winners of the prize are Manjul Bhargava and Kannan Soundararajan in 2005 (two full prizes), Terence Tao in 2006, Ben Green in 2007, Akshay Venkatesh in 2008, Kathrin Bringmann in 2009, Wei Zhang in 2010, Roman Holowinsky in 2011, Zhiwei Yun in 2012, and Peter Scholze in 2013.
RELATED NEWS

With third son coming soon  no paternity leave available for Ian DesmondBy Chelsea Janes October 4 Follow @chelsea_janes
Ian Desmond. (Photo by Mitchell Layton/Getty Images)
When Ian Desmond’s first son, Grayson, was born in April 2011, Desmond made Major League Baseball history. The Nationals shortstop took advantage of a then-new league rule that allowed players to take up to three days off to be with mother and child, and their team to fill their roster spot with impunity in the meantime. In so doing, he became the first player ever to be placed on paternity leave.
Desmond’s wife, Chelsey , is due with the couple’s third child in the next week or so, but this time Desmond does not have the paternity leave option: According to an MLB spokesman, there is no paternity leave after the regular season. If Desmond were to leave the team to join his family in Sarasota, Fla., the Nationals would have to play a man down.
Any speculation about staying or going is premature, Desmond says; his son’s estimated time of arrival is as uncertain as the Nationals’ playoff future.
“She’s not quite there yet, and neither are we as far as a decision,” Desmond said. “Obviously, as things get closer, we’ve got a little bit of experience with this — it’s our third one — so we’ll see how it unfolds.
“There’s nothing going to happen in the near future.”
Desmond said the earliest doctors would induce labor would be next Saturday, Oct. 11, which would also be Game 1 of the National League Championship Series.
“(Desmond) is keeping us very well-informed of the events going on. We don’t know (that he would miss a game). We will see how it goes,” said Nationals Manager Matt Williams.
“With the birth of children, often times you can induce, you can do things that would allow them to have that off-day,” Williams added later. “They are not at that point yet. We would have to consult everybody involved and find out what could and couldn’t be done.”
Desmond said “(Chelsey’s) healthy and the baby’s healthy.”
“It’s a boy, third one,” Desmond said with a smile. “Three for three.”
If Desmond were to travel for the birth of his son, the Nationals would likely fill in with either Danny Espinosa or Asdrubal Cabrera at shortstop — though Espinosa seems more probable. Though Cabrera spent much of his career known as one of the league’s smoothest defensive shortstops — and although he played 92 games there for Cleveland this season and one with the Nationals– his range has diminished over the past few seasons.
He’s also transitioned to second base quickly and effectively, adjusting to the right side of the diamond in his two months as a National with seeming ease, still boasting that slick glove and footwork, though at a position where he is required to cover less ground.
Desmond has missed fewer than 10 games in four of the past five seasons, and has a .304 average in seven career postseason games.
 

Now in India: BlackBerry Passport smartphoneThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Jayalalithaa keeping good health: Jaisimhaimprisonment
AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa, who is lodged in the Parapana Agrahara prison in Bangalore after being convicted in an illegal assets case, is keeping good health and there is no need for any panic, a top Karnataka police official said on Saturday
“I appeal to the people of Tamil Nadu not to panic.Madam Jayalalithaa is keeping good health,” DIG of Prisons M Jaisimha told PTI, seeking to scotch speculations about her well being.
Her blood pressure and sugar levels are normal, he said.
The DIG also denied reports that Jayalalithaa has been shifted to a hospital. “There is no truth in it — it is absolutely hogwash,” he said.
Jaisimha said the AIADMK leader is also being looked after by her friend Sasikala and Elavarasi, the latter’s relative, who are lodged in the same women’s barracks.
On her prison routine, he said Jayalalithaa eats simple food as per doctors’ advice, besides reading newspapers. “She eats brown bread, milk, biscuits, fruits and chappatis, if she demands,” he said.
She also regularly reads three English dailies every day, he said.
The DIG said Jayalalithaa has not met anybody so far.
Jayalalithaa was convicted and sentenced to four years in prison and slapped with a fine of Rs 100 crore on September 27 by a Bangalore special court judge,who found her guilty in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets.

Down down and more downCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Man wanted for cheating traders of Rs 6.5 crorearrestedPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 2:10 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 2:12 am
Delhi Police arrested a businessman hailing from Jharkhand for allegedly cheating over a hundred traders in Andhra Pradesh to the tune of Rs 6.5 crore. The businessman was reportedly absconding since January 2013, police said.
Police said the businessman, Dolan Kumar Dey, owns Rahul Traders, registered in Dhanabd, Jharkhand. He used to procure fish from several fisheries. Every day, fisheries would send him fish worth Rs 40 lakh from East and West Godavari. In order to earn the goodwill of the suppliers, he made regular payments at first. However, in December 2012, he stopped paying the suppliers. He kept promising payment and persuaded suppliers to keep sending him the fish. When the outstanding payment accumulated to around Rs 6.5 crore, Dey absconded. Four criminal cases were registered against him, Additional Commissioner of Police Ashok Chand said.
Police received a tip about Dey coming to meet an associate on September 27 in Delhi. A trap was laid and he was caught. “Dey was taken to Andhra Pradesh on transit remand and will be produced in court,” Chand said.

Festivities end  idols immersed inYamunaNo traffic snarls were reported in the city on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 2:07 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 2:08 am
Police said a low water level in the Yamuna river and massive police deployment at the ghats ensured that the immersion of Durga idols on Saturday went ahead with no untoward incident.
The government had erected barricades at a distance of three meters within the river and did not allow devotees to go beyond this point.
“The immersion was carried out with no untoward incident being reported. A low water level ensured that there was little chance of anyone drowning,” a senior police officer said. Rescue boats with lifeguards and  volunteers were also present near the ghats, the officer said.
Traffic Police said as Saturday was a holiday there was not much traffic. “We had deployed teams across all zones for traffic management. There were no jams as there were not many vehicles on the roads,” Special Commissioner of Police (Traffic) Muktesh Chander said.
Police said no incidents of fire were reported during Dussehra celebrations this year. However, a 30-year-old man, who was playing the role of Ravana, suffered 10 per cent burns on his hand while performing a fire trick in Subhash Maidan near Red Fort on Thursday.
Police said the man, who was identified as Rakesh, was released after treatment at LN hospital.
Meanwhile, two people were injured at Ramlila grounds in Noida on Friday.
“After the effigies were burned, some people tried to gather the ash as they consider it holy. Despite police personnel being deployed, a few people got through the barricades. A man was injured when a firecracker exploded near him. Another woman was injured when a wooden frame collapsed. Both are, however, out of danger,” Pritender Singh, SSP, Gautam Budh Nagar, said.

Back to the wall  Rane fights people and formeralliesBack to the wall, Congress’ Narayan Rane fights people and former allies
Written by Shalini Nair | Sindhudurg |       October 5, 2014 11:14 am
Comments
Narayan Rane campaigns in Sindhudurg. Source: Pradeep Kochrekar
While Narayan Rane is busy leading the Congress party’s shaky election campaign in Maharashtra, there is trouble brewing on his home turf of Sindhudurg. After elder son Nilesh Rane lost the family stronghold to Shiv Sena’s Vinayak Raut in May’s Lok Sabha polls, the Konkan strongman now faces the tough task of tiding over rebellion among voters and enmity from former party colleagues, who are now rivals.
Rane’s troubles in this heartland augur badly for Congress’s fortunes in the state. While there is little evidence on the ground of a Modi wave, much bile seems to flow against Rane, from the farmers to fishermen. Of the 35 districts in Maharashtra, Sindhudurg has the lowest voter population at 6.42 lakh, but Rane’s long grip over the Maratha-dominated coastal region allowed him an outsized presence in state politics. The district, part of the bigger Sindhudurg-Ratnagiri parliamentary seat with six Assembly segments, is itself divided into three Assembly constituencies, Kudal-Malwan, Kankavali and Sawantwadi. His younger son Nitesh will contest his first elections from Kankavali and Rane will contest for the seventh time from Kudal-Malwan.
Two of these seats are currently with NCP and BJP. So with the Lok Sabha seat gone and a tally of one for the Assembly, Rane is arguably holding no bastion at all for the Congress. And for the first time in 24 years his own seat is now under a cloud. The Congress, which led by about 24,000 votes in the 2009 Assembly polls, trailed by a good 22,000 votes in Kudal in this year’s parliamentary polls. This time Rane takes on local Sena leader and old foe Vaibhav Naik, who left Congress within a year of Rane joining Congress from Sena in 2005.
Then there is growing voter resentment to contend with. During the Lok Sabha elections, representatives from villages affected by two dozen major projects from across the district quietly met at Kudal where they passed a resolution to vote against the sitting MP Nilesh Rane and in favour of the Sena candidate Raut. That meeting was a turning point, according to Ravikiran Toruskar, a fisherman from Malwan, who heads the Konkan project-affected coordination committee. “The Lok Sabha defeat has only emboldened the locals who would once talk about the Rane family only in whispers,” he said.
The major grievance has been the use of state machinery to notify land in excess of what is required for specific projects, forcing farmers to give up their plots to local middlemen at low prices. In Sawantwadi, locals have successfully challenged the state’s decision to acquire 38 acres of land for a toll barrier. Another set of farmers is pursuing a legal battle against the acquisition of 307 hectares for the Chipi airport project, when the core airport area needs just a fraction this total.
In Kudal-Malwan, villagers are fighting the acquisition of 1,300 acres of their farmlands for continued…

Jaya in jail  Men in White waitoutsidePrint
Bharat Kumar has travelled from Thoothukudi in the southern tip of Tamil Nadu. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Johnson T A | Bangalore | Posted: October 5, 2014 2:05 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 8:47 am
Outside the Bangalore Central Prison, a steady stream of middle-aged men in white shirts and dhotis have been coming and going since September 27. The normally desolate, high-security stretch of road, a cul-de-sac, is dotted with the men in white. Some are ministers, some are MLAs, most are political workers of some sort.
There is a makeshift tent about 100 metres away from the prison, where some of the men are resting. Others are sitting on the sidewalk in groups of five and six. There are a couple of women too.
The prosecution had come up with the case that over Rs six crore was spent for the marriage. (Source: PTI/file)
Visible in the top pockets of the white shirts of all the men is the key to their identity — the photograph of a woman. The men are all card-carrying members of the AIADMK. In their pocket is a photograph of their party leader — three-time Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, who has been lodged in the Bangalore Central Prison since being sentenced to a four-year jail term on September 27 in connection with a Rs 53.60 crore corruption case.
The men have been coming in hundreds through the week from different parts of Tamil Nadu. Many are stopped and turned away at the entrance to the prison road by the police.
On the afternoon of October 2, despite a public holiday and the midday heat, some 50 people were camping outside the prison in small groups. On Saturday, the gathering was larger since the AIADMK’s MP from Krishnagiri, Ashok Kumar, arrived with around 30 men from his constituency.
While Jayalalithaa, 66, may not step out of the prison any time soon, this does not in any way deter her supporters from making long journeys from across Tamil Nadu to the Bangalore prison.
Bharat Kumar, 21, has travelled from Thoothukudi in the southern tip of Tamil Nadu. A school dropout and an AIADMK worker since the age of 14, Kumar headed for Chennai as soon as he heard of Amma’s imprisonment. When her bail pleas were adjourned last week, Bharat Kumar took a train to Bangalore.
For two days now, he has been camping outside the prison — arriving around midday from his hotel room and staying on till dusk. “I am an ardent follower of Amma. I am a member of the AIADMK. My life is Amma… I have travelled all around Tamil Nadu to attend meetings addressed by Amma. A couple of times, I have been chosen to give her bouquets. I will be here till she is released, if possible. Our presence here will help obtain her release,’’ says Kumar.
Jayalalithaa’s photograph in the top pocket of his continued…

Discuss here: NLDS Game 2By James Wagner October 4 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Jordan Zimmermann.(Photo by Greg Fiume/Getty Images)
The Nationals return to Nationals Park, just over 24 hours after Friday’s 3-2 loss in Game 1. Jordan Zimmermann takes the mound, his first start since his no-hitter on Sunday. Zimmermann is 5-2 with a 2.79 ERA in eight career starts against the Giants. An incredible stat about the Giants: They have now won a record nine straight postseason games, and 23 of their past 31 playoff contests. The Giants will lean on veteran right-hander Tim Hudson, who has shut down the Nationals throughout his career. The lineups are here. As always, discuss the game below.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

These Awkward Ballerinas Take Dancing To Your Own Beat To A Whole New Levelreddit
These ballerinas each put their own spin on what should be classical choreography, but that's just why we love them.
And it's obvious from the first moments of the performance -- when a glasses-wearing dancer makes a late entrance on stage, shoulders slumped and frustration evident -- that this ballet has a comedic twist .
When the rest of the dancers turn, at least one is bound to twist. When they leap, they leap straight into each other. No matter what they do, the dancers can't stay in sync. And while their awkwardness on stage is clearly intentional, it's also all kinds of cool.
Video of the deliberately hilarious performance, a staging of Jerome Robbins' "The Mistake Waltz" ascribed to the Vienna State Opera , first surfaced in 2011 but is currently trending across the Internet.
Hey, if something this awkward can still look this awesome, maybe there's hope for us non-dancers.

Sonia Gandhi tags Narendra Modi a  show off   asks if everyone s fortunes have changed  overnightSonia Gandhi tags Narendra Modi a 'show off', asks if everyone's fortunes have changed 'overnight'
PTI | Meham | Updated:  Oct 04 2014, 23:51  IST
Oct 04 2014, 23:51  IST
 

Market Research: Shah Rukh Khan  Vidya Balan  Viacom 18 and Chennai Express top the charts  says Screen Annual SurveyHome
Miscellaneous
Market Research: Shah Rukh Khan, Vidya Balan, Viacom 18 and Chennai Express top the charts, says Screen Annual Survey
Priyanka Sinha Jha | Mumbai | Updated:  Oct 05 2014, 03:28  IST
Oct 05 2014, 03:28  IST
 

Security scare: Govt suspends several Air India officials after diffused grenade is found on PM Narendra Modis standby used aircraftHome
Miscellaneous
Security scare: Govt suspends several Air India officials after diffused grenade is found on PM Narendra Modi's standby jet
Roudra Bhattacharya | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 05 2014, 10:00  IST
Oct 05 2014, 10:00  IST
 

How Brand Modi is capturing the imagination of Haryana votersHow Brand Modi is capturing the imagination of Haryana voters
KP Narayana Kumar, ET Bureau Oct 5, 2014, 05.57AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(The sheer excitement generated…)
MANESAR: At a small warehouse in Manesar in Haryana, the industrial area that lies close to Delhi, a group of traders plays cards and occasionally glances at the television to follow prime minister Narendra Modi lead a cleanliness campaign, sweeping a street.
The hookah placed at the centre of the room is passed around as they discuss the prospects of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the upcoming elections.
"In Manesar, we are voting for Modi and the party is going to do well this time. The vote is for the man and not for the party," says Ashok Kumar, hardware store owner, as his friends nod in agreement.
"He takes decisions unlike Manmohan Singh. He has the passion to work and does not appear to want anything for himself," another trader adds.
When Modi turned the Lok Sabha elections into a personality contest with Rahul Gandhi, the campaign proved to be memorably victorious for the BJP.
Now, Modi has signalled the continuation of the leadercentric model with the BJP fighting the elections on its own in Maharashtra and Haryana. The campaign in both these states will centre around the "M" factor as was the case during the Lok Sabha elections.
The New Option
In Maharashtra, the party broke off with long-term ally Shiv Sena and in Haryana discarded its partner Kuldip Bishnoi's Haryana Janhit Congress. Talking to scores of people who reside in the industrial town of Manesar, ET Magazine found that Brand Modi has helped the party offer itself as an alternative to the Congress and the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) for the first time in the state.
Most people suggest that they find Modi's ability to show authority and be decisive as the two important components in leadership that were missing in India for many years. "He rolls out programmes even before talking about them and we can also see that the ministers follow his orders. When the Congress was in power every minister was a separate power centre. Now we see that one man gives orders and others obey," says Kumar.
Haryana has for years remained out of bounds for the saffron party and, even at the peak of the Ayodhya movement, the people of the state did not show much interest in joining the clamour for the Ram Temple. The state has remained in the hands of the two entrenched parties — the Congress and the INLD.
Interestingly, a large section of people in Haryana point out that they do not have much of an appetite for politics that revolves around religion. The Manesar folk have been won over by Modi's "Make in India" agenda and his style of leadership. "Even today if you ask around in Manesar, you will not find anyone talking about issues pertaining to Hindutva.
People are interested in the idea of having more factories established in the region so that there will be more jobs," says Sameer, who owns a hardware shop adjoining the national highway. "The discourse in Haryana is now about Modi versus political parties. People now have a hope that there is someone who can deliver at the top. The cleanliness drive showed that the man is aware of the day-today needs of the citizens. He is making the right noises and moving in the correct direction," he adds.
  The Disconnect
The Gurgaon-Manesar belt, which is home to a large number of industries, has also been facing water shortage on account of a thriving construction industry that is dependent on groundwater.
But most people whom ET Magazine spoke to said that the shortage of water need not throw a spanner in the works in terms of further industrialization.
"The water crisis in these parts is more on account of a callous administration. The builders and government officials connive to come up with projects and then leave the buyers to resort to their own means of finding water and other amenities. Haryana faces a crisis of governance and Modi personifies planning and efficiency. This is why there is a groundswell in favour of Modi in these parts,"says Vinay Tomar, who owns a liquor store in Manesar.
Manesar has seen tremendous growth in the past 10 years with a number of companies setting shop in the area and new residential areas being carved out. Automobile outlets in the zone reported record sales around 2011, when property prices had peaked in the belt and stories of farmers walking in with cash wrapped in newspapers to buy a car were common.
However, in spite of this, the roads that course through villages in this belt continue to be narrow and the state government does not appear to have done much to improve amenities, including healthcare and education.
There was a glaring disconnect between the kind of money that was exchanging hands through realty deals, the kind of wealth that had suddenly appeared in the villages in the form of SUVs and other such, and the pathetic state of service delivery in government departments.
Many of these newly urbanized colonies in Manesar still complain of massive power cuts, water shortages and conflicts on account of highway toll booths.

Tata Group: A perfect balance of philanthropy and businessE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Govt touches 75% of FY15 fiscal deficit target by AugustPrint
New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:49 am
The April-August fiscal deficit was Rs 3.98 lakh crore, or 74.9% of the FY15 target of 5.31 lakh crore. In the same period last year, fiscal deficit had touched 74.6% of the FY14 target. The government, buoyed by the moderation in crude oil import bill and the virtual linking of diesel prices to the market, is confident of meeting the annual deficit target. It is also pinning hopes on an ambitious disinvestment plan.
The government has used its FY15 borrowing target by Rs 8,000 crore last week.
The full year deficit target is Rs 5.31 lakh crore, or 4.1% of gross domestic product.
Revenue receipts (tax and non-tax) for April-August was Rs 2.7 lakh crore, or 22.7% of the full year budgeted estimate of Rs 11.90 lakh crore compared with 23.9% for the same period last year. Including non-debt capital receipts, April-August total revenue was Rs 2.74 lakh crore, 21.7% of the FY15 budgeted estimate of Rs 12.64 lakh crore.
Non-plan spending for the period was Rs 4.95 lakh crore, or 40.6% of the FY15 budgeted estimate of Rs 12.20 lakh crore. For the same period last fiscal, non-plan spending was 43.2% of FY14 target. Plan expenditure for April-August was Rs 1.77 lakh crore, or 30.9% of the FY15 target of 5.75 lakh crore and compared with 33% for the same period last year.
Government spending, by its nature, is front-loaded, and most revenue collections are mopped up in the last two quarters. In fact, the last quarter of a financial year usually shows a fiscal surplus. Moreover, lower crude prices, and gradual de-control of diesel means the centre will be able to cut some of its oil and fertiliser subsidies.
fe Bureau | The Financial Express
 

New launches revise up auto sales ahead of DiwaliPrint
New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:42 am
After rather dull sales in the festive seasons of the past two years, automakers are ready to celebrate with full gusto this year with car volumes already rising in September by around 10% for the major players.
This year’s festive season, which began in end-August and will continue till early November after Diwali, is witness to the highest number of new car and two-wheeler launches in the past few years. Already Tata Motors has launched the Zest compact sedan, and will follow with the Bolt hatchback, while Maruti Suzuki will launch the Ciaz, Hyundai has launched the new i20 and Honda its Mobilio MPV. Hero MotoCorp also plans to launch 10 bike and scooters.
Click here for graph
In September, Maruti saw a 10% jump to 99,290 units as it built up stocks at its dealers, while rival Hyundai and Honda saw 14.5% (35,041 units) and 45% (15,015 units) growth.
Mahindra came back to the third spot in the domestic passenger vehicle market with a 5% growth to 19,893 units on the back of its new Scorpio and XUV500 models. Tata Motors, however, lagged with a 7% drop to 11,931 units.

Global nuclear vendors India plans runs into Japanese hurdlePrint
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 1:40 am
Even as the Indo-US joint statement issued on Tuesday renewed the pledge to set up nuclear parks in India powered by Toshiba-Westinghouse and GE-Hitachi reactor technology, there could be two significant roadblocks.
While the issue of the opposition by reactor vendors to India’s nuclear liability law continues to fester, an even bigger impediment in operational terms could arise from the fact that Japan continues to hold out on signing a nuclear deal with India.
This could be a crucial determining factor as the two US reactor vendors, as well as a range of other global nuclear reactor manufacturers, source the most critical equipment in a reactor — the calandria or reactor vessel — from Japanese heavy forging major Japan Steel Works (JSW).
Experts point to the fact that the transfer of Japanese technology to India for civilian use requires a nuclear pact, but Tokyo has so far desisted from initiating one as India has not signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT).
Globally, apart from Japan’s JSW, there are just three major heavy forging capacities in operation worldwide that can fabricate large single-piece pressure vessels for nuclear reactors– Creusot Forge (a subsidiary of France’s Areva group), Russia’s OMZ Izhora and Chinese state-owned firm China First Heavy Industries. But JSW dominates the nuclear forgings business, accounting for an estimated 80 per cent of the world market for large forged components for nuclear plants and owns the world’s only plant capable of producing the central part of a large-size reactor’s containment vessel in a single piece from a 600-tonne ingot, which reduces radiation risk.
All the global suppliers are booked with orders for at least the next five years as the most critical issue for accelerating nuclear power plant construction is the availability of heavy engineering plants to make the reactor components, especially for units of over 1,000 MWe (mega watt electric).
While Toshiba-Westinghouse’s AP1000 pressure vessel closure head and three complex steam generator parts can only be made by JSW, the Japanese firm has advance orders from GE-Hitachi for fabricating components for its ABWR and ESBWR range of boiling water reactors.
JSW also has the distinction of supplying the pressure vessels for Areva’s first two 1650 MWe EPR plants in Finland and France. Reactor vendors prefer large forgings to be integral, as single products, but it is possible to use split forgings that are welded together. These welds then need checking through the life of the plant.
An NPCIL official said the process of bridging the difference over the substantive issues on the proposed India-Japan nuclear agreement in on and that both countries had made significant progress in the negotiations on civil nuclear cooperation.
JSW has set up a marketing office in India in 2009 through a subsidiary — JSW India Pvt Ltd. While a Tokyo-based Communications Group Manager for JSW had earlier indicated that the company expected a “strong and sustained growth” of the Indian market (for steel products and various kinds of industrial machinery), he had underlined that “the Japan-India agreement for cooperation in the peaceful uses of nuclear continued…

Samsung Electronics profit seen bottoming in Q3 ahead of slowPrint
Reuters | Seoul | Posted: October 2, 2014 10:43 am
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd’s profit is seen weakening further in the third-quarter, underscoring the downturn in its market-leading smartphone business and piling pressure on the firm to deliver a revamped product lineup.
Analysts forecast the world’s largest smartphone maker, which is due to give its July-September earnings guidance on or around Oct 7, to show its worst operating profit in nearly three years, with a slow recovery seen starting in the fourth quarter.
And for the first time in more than three years, Samsung’s semiconductor business could bring in more profits in the quarter than its erstwhile cash-cow handset business, some analysts say.
“What’s expected now is for the company to hit bottom and gradually recover, but we have now seen smartphone-related earnings peak,” Korea Investment Trust Management fund manager Baik Jae-yer said.
Analysts and investors say Samsung’s days of massive smartphone-driven earnings are over, as Apple Inc grabs the lion’s share of profits at the high end of the market and Chinese makers of cheap and feature-rich smartphones, like Lenovo Group Ltd and Xiaomi Inc, erode margins at the low end.
Samsung, however, is not on the same slide to irrelevance as Nokia Oyj, the Finnish company that sold its once-dominant phone business to Microsoft in April, the analysts said, as it has a track record for quickly correcting its mistakes.
“We used to look at the smartphone market from an Apple vs. Samsung framework, but it turns out that it was really Apple vs. Android,” IBK Securities analyst Lee Seung-woo said, referring to Google Inc’s mobile operating system which powers most smartphones including Samsung’s.
“Samsung used to take all the profits from Android because its rivals were doing such a poor job. Now there’s very little difference between Samsung and its Android rivals,” Lee said.
SCEPTICAL STREET
Samsung President D.J. Lee last week forecast a quick recovery for the mobile division, calling recent smartphone woes “temporary”.
The new Galaxy Note 4 flagship smartphone has been well-received by critics, and Lee said pre-orders were stronger than for its predecessor.
Even so, Samsung shares touched a low of 1.141 million won last week, their worst since July 25, 2012. About half of 42 analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S have cut their third-quarter earnings forecasts since Sept 16, by an average of 28 percent.
The mean forecast of 42 analysts tips Samsung’s third-quarter operating profit to slip 45 percent to 5.6 trillion won ($5.28 billion) from a record 10.2 trillion won a year earlier, which would be the weakest since the fourth quarter of 2011.
Analysts said a lack of major smartphone product launches and higher marketing costs for clearing unsold inventory are likely hurt the bottom line. A company spokeswoman declined to comment on inventory issues.
At the same time, Apple’s new, out-sized iPhone 6 Plus is expected to cut into Samsung’s phablet turf, potentially hurting Galaxy Note 4 sales.
In the mid-to-low tier markets, any market share gains for Samsung will come at the expense of margins, Nomura said in a client note last week.
“We expect this to be the beginning of a continued…

Mutual Fund assets rise to record-high of Rs 10.6 lakh crore in Q2E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Be prepared to pay more for taktal ticketsTatkaal tickets are already an additional premium paid on normal fares.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 2, 2014 3:15 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 9:46 pm
In a bid to shore up its revenues, the Indian Railways has decided to sell 50 per cent of tatkal tickets through the system of dynamic pricing. This means that while the first half of the total number of tatkal tickets will be sold at existing tatkal rates, which are up to 30 per cent higher than normal fare, the second half will be sold at progressively higher prices.
The new scheme will be implemented on the most popular trains, tatkal tickets for which face huge demand across the country. Each of the 16 zonal railways has been asked to identify five most popular trains and implement the scheme.
According to the system, after 50 per cent of the tatkal tickets are sold, rates would go up after every 10 per cent. The system, which was rolled out on October 1, will be fully implemented within a week.
Facing questions about the need for such a move, especially when diesel prices are stable in the country, the Railways claimed that it was necessary to ward off the menace of touts.
Officials in the Railways Ministry believe that touts hoard tatkal tickets illegally and charge hefty premium on them from needy passengers. This signifies that passengers are willing to pay a higher price for confirmed tickets, so the ministry decided to charge that premium itself.
“As per our internal assessment, touts were hoarding tatkal tickets and were selling them at much higher prices to needy passengers. This move is to provide relief to genuine passengers so they don’t fall prey to unlawful elements,” said a Railways spokesperson.
Currently, tatkal charges are 10 per cent of basic fare for second class and 30 per cent of basic fare for all other classes.
It is learnt that dynamic pricing of tatkal tickets will ward off touts.

Cocoa soars on ebola scare  chocolates may followAvailability of good quality dry cocoa is seen as scarce and traders see the market rallying further. (Reuters)
Kochi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:28 am
Chocolate prices in India are likely to move up on the supply constraints of cocoa from Africa due to the scare caused by the ebola virus. Market prices in India for domestic cocoa have moved up from R140 per kg in April to touch R200 per kg in early October. Availability of good quality dry cocoa is seen as scarce and traders see the market rallying further. India imports more than half of its requirement of cocoa every year with demand for cocoa increasing at a healthy rate of 8% per annum.
In the last few days, the rates have moved up by R15 per kg and it may rally further on supply concerns, PJ Chackochan, a member of the Organic Wayanad, a farmers collective in Kerala, told FE on Thursday. Fears of ebola spilling over to Ivory Coast, the world’s largest producer of cocoa with a share of two-fifths of the world’s supply, has led to the market spiking.
Ebola has largely been confined to Sierra Leone, Ghana and Liberia, which produce relatively smaller amount of cocoa. But Ivory Coast shares borders with these countries and the threat of the disease impacting the transportation has the world worried.
Cocoa prices had peaked to $3,826 per tonne in 2011 when Ivory Coast’s civil war sparked major supply disruptions.
On Wednesday evening the International Cocoa Organization (ICCO) data shows the market price at $ 3313.46 per tonne. Last year on the same date, the ICCO price stood at $ 2671.62 per tonne. ICCO estimates global production to be higher by 10% at 4.345 million tones for 2013-14. But robust demand and higher input costs are forcing chocolate companies to increase prices.
Cocoa prices are firming up in the domestic market due to fears that the global supply could be disrupted, Chackochan said. “In a short time the prices have moved sharply and crossed Rs 200 per kg. Organic cocoa prices have crossed Rs 300 per kg and demand is robust,” he added.
Venkatesh N Hubballi, director of Kochi-based Directorate of Cashew and Cocoa Development (DACCD) told FE that six months back the procurement price for dry beans in the Wayanad market ranged between Rs 140-150 per kg. Cocoa prices had touched a high of Rs 210 per kg (dried beans) during March 2011.
He estimates domestic production to be higher at 15,300 tonne during 2013-14 due to new plantations yielding in Andhra Pradesh. Currently 68,000 hectares are under the commodity in India with 16,000 ha in the state of Andhra Pradesh and followed by Kerala with 11,000 ha. Venaktesh said that production would increase to 18,000-19,000 tonne by 2014-15 with new production coming in from the southern states.
RS Sodhi, managing director of Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation, which sells dairy continued…

Maruti to take on rivals with 12 new cars over five yearsMaruti plans to increase the market share in the country’s 25-lakh unit passenger vehicle market to over 50%. (Reuters)
New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:19 am
Last year marked a period of lull for the country’s top carmaker Maruti Suzuki, but all that is about to change. Top executives, both at the company’s New Delhi headquarters and at Hamamatsu, Japan, where its parent Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) is based, are busy drawing up an aggressive strategy for the next five years, that includes a barrage of around 12 new car launches, sources told FE.
Click here for graph
The plan is to increase the market share in the country’s 25-lakh unit passenger vehicle market to over 50%, by entering new segments like sports utility vehicles, commercial vehicles and large vans; introducing technology to improve fuel economy — like hybrids, diesel engines and turbo-charged petrol engines — and catering to niche markets like that for sporty hatchbacks. This is in the background of a production capacity increase by almost 2 million units across two new plants in Gujarat.
Click here for graph
Starting middle of 2015, Maruti will mark its first serious entry into the SUV segment with the S-Cross crossover priced upwards of R10 lakh, taking on established players Mahindra and Ford. Another compact SUV (below four metre) will follow in 2016, while a third mid-sized SUV — the Vitara — will come in 2018. There is also a new mid-size MPV above the Ertiga in the works.
While its new LCV ‘Super Carry’ is slated for launch in the April-June quarter next year, the company is also planning a new compact goods van. In its stronghold of small cars, Maruti will launch a new premium hatch above the Swift code named ‘YRA’ to challenge the Hyundai i20 while word on the street is that a new entry small car is also on the drawing board.
“Maruti Suzuki, along with our principals SMC, Japan have ambitious plans for the Indian market. These includes increasing the volume levels to over 2-million units annually. Such a plan has to be supported with new models as well as product refreshments for existing models.
The recently-launched Celerio, the soon to come Ciaz and the announcement to venture into the LCV segment are a reflection of the intent in terms of product technology and segmentation,” a company spokesperson said in response to a query on the spate of new models planned.
Maruti’s playground is not limited to the Indian subcontinent either — SMC, which holds over 56% stake and rakes in about 25% of its profits from the unit, has given it charge of the emerging markets like South America, Africa and parts of South-East Asia.
The company seems to be on the right track. Market share is already up to 46% by the end of August – from 42% last fiscal, with demand continued…

Indians join wave of investors in condos and homes in the USNew York Times | New York | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:35 am
By: Dione Searcey
Arun Kumar owns three apartments in New Delhi, where he has carved out a comfortable life as part of India’s rapidly expanding middle class. Not long ago, he also became a global landlord, picking up an inexpensive three-bedroom house and a duplex nearly 8,000 miles away, in St Louis.
For Kumar and other affluent Indians, American real estate is a security blanket. Faced with what some have considered a bubble in real estate prices in major Indian cities and a sometimes jittery Bombay Stock Exchange, they are joining a wave of buyers from other countries who see the recovering United States housing market as one of the best places to put their money these days.
The wealthy elite from China, Latin America and elsewhere have bought pieds-à-terre in glassy towers in Manhattan, luxury condos in Miami and homes along the West Coast. Law enforcement investigations have found that some foreign investors are using American real estate holdings, at least in part, to hide cash and other assets from authorities in their home country.
But many less-than-superrich foreign investors just want a safe place to put extra savings, and their investments tend to be much less grandiose than the trophy properties that have drawn most of the attention. And for Indians in particular, who long trusted in gold to protect their wealth, American real estate offers a “very, very attractive destination,” said Subir Gokarn, director of research at Brookings India in New Delhi.
Jed Kolko, chief economist at Trulia, an online marketplace for residential real estate, said the most popular property searches for people from India were in and around Silicon Valley, where technology firms heavily recruit from India; in the Boston and Philadelphia areas near universities that have numerous students from India; and in suburban areas of New Jersey and in Queens, where there are established Indian-American communities.
In an echo of the late 1980s, foreign investment in US real estate has taken off again. A survey from the National Association of Realtors estimates that from April 2013 to March of this year, total sales to international clients were about $92.2 billion, a 35 per cent increase over the previous 12 months. The figure includes purchases by recent immigrants.
Foreign buyers now make up 7 per cent of total existing-home sales of $1.2 trillion, according to the survey. Of those, Indians represent 6 per cent of the purchases, spending $5.8 billion, up from $3.9 billion over the same period a year ago and on par with buyers from Britain. Canadians have long bought US property and still do so in big numbers, with purchases centered for the most part in Arizona.

Govt to launch first of its kind national portal for job searchPrint
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:32 am
Job seekers across the country will soon have a national portal on the lines of popular search based websites, which will keep them up-to-date with vacancy notifications, job placements as well as skilling and training opportunities.
The labour ministry is set to launch the National Career Service Portal, which is on the lines of a similar service provided by the UK government.
The website is a part of the ministry’s plan to modernise employment exchanges and revamp them into Career Centres that will provide information on jobs and also facilities such as career counselling. “The portal will be implemented in phases but the first phase is likely to be launched later this year,” said an official close to the development.
The website can be accessed by employers from the government sector, private companies as well as public sector firms, along with indirect employers such as staffing agencies as well as skilling institutes and trainers.
“Just like the job-seekers, each of the employers will also have to be registered on the website to ensure their credentials,”said the official.
Similarly, to provide accurate and relevant information to employers, the labour ministry plans to introduce reliable jobseeker data that would include personal details, address, skills and qualifications as well as past work experience.
With over 12 million youth expected to join the workforce annually, the labour ministry is hopeful that it will help fill the demand-supply gap on jobs and skilling by connecting workers and employers across the country. “There are a number of private sector portals on these lines as well but we expect that our reach will be unparalleled,” the official said.
The project was originally sanctioned by the UPA government late last year with an allocation of Rs 150 crore but has got a boost with the NDA’s focus on job creation and skilling.

Asean FTA review shows India got almost nothingPrint
Written by Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:30 am
Barely a month after the government sealed the trade pact in services and investments with the Asean, an internal assessment of the deal that has been placed before the Cabinet Secretariat concludes that India has got “almost nothing” by signing the agreement.
This is the first such pact signed by the government, which had, ironically, ordered a review of all existing free trade agreements (FTAs) signed by the previous dispensation on the grounds that these pacts were “not leveraged adequately in some cases”.
India had formally signed the services and trade agreements with the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) early last month, two years after the discussions on the pact concluded. It had implemented the FTA in goods with Asean members in 2010.
On September 9, the commerce ministry had issued an official statement saying, the pact “will open up opportunities of movement of both manpower and investments from either side between India and Asean”. Inclusion of movement of natural persons, i.e. ‘Mode 4’, will provide “commercially meaningful market across in Asean for our professionals, including those from the IT/ITeS sector”, the statement had said.
However, a senior government official told The Indian Express that the assessment made to the Cabinet Secretariat has countered this view and specifically points to India having got a raw deal.
“The Asean members wanted a single MFN (most favoured nation) offer against their individual offers. India yielded to the condition but asked for Asean-Australia-New Zealand (AANZ) agreement-plus offer. However, it did not get that. India had to table different offers to eight members of Asean, while one each to the Philippines and Indonesia,” the official said.
A mail sent to the spokesperson of the commerce ministry on the issue remained unanswered. Calls and text message sent to commerce secretary, Rajeev Kher, did not elicit any response on the issue. Commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman could not be reached for comments despite repeated calls, text messages, and an e-mail sent on the issue.
‘Mode 4’ includes the presence or movement of natural persons like doctors, engineers, consultants, accountants etc., who supply services in another country. As India has a stronghold on the services sector, it is one of the key interest areas for the country.

Rupee fends off dollar surge on upbeat investment sentimentPrint
Written by Sandeep Singh | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:28 am
In a deviation from the trend seen last year, the rupee over the last three months has held its ground against a surging dollar even as the euro and the currencies of most emerging economies have lost significant ground.
The domestic currency has only fallen by 2.5 per cent over the last three months whereas the Russian ruble and Brazilian real have depreciated by 15.5 and 11.4 per cent in the same period.
Even the euro has lost 8.6 per cent against the dollar which means that the rupee strengthened against the euro during the same period.
While the Chinese yuan is the only major currency, among the developing economies, to have risen against the dollar during this period appreciating by 1.2 per cent, the Indonesian rupiah and the rupee fell by 2 and 2.5 per cent respectively, thereby emerging as the most resilient currency against the surge in dollar.
The rupee during this period has benefited a lot from the rising investor confidence in India which resulted in a strong inflow of funds — both into Indian debt and equity.
In the three-month period between July, August and September the foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have pumped in an aggregate of Rs 79,149 crore into Indian equities and debt.
While the net inflow into equities stood at Rs 23,642 crore in the three months, that into debt amounted to a high of Rs 55,507 crore.
Even the foreign direct investments (FDI) during the period went up between June and August rising by 65 per cent (over the corresponding period last year) to Rs 7,806 crore. The government received 99 FDI proposals in the three-month period out of which it approved 55 and rejected 16.
Experts say that the confidence on the rupee has been reinstated on account of several factors — confidence in the governor of the Reserve Bank of India, a stable government at the Centre, softening crude prices and rising equity markets.
“The market has a lot of confidence on the new governor over the previous one. While last year speculators were speculating on big volatility on rupee, this time around they are only doing so within a range as there is a view that rupee will more or less remain stable,” said Hemal Doshi, chief currency strategist at Geojit Comtrade.
In 2013, in the five- month period between May and August the rupee fell by almost 25 per cent following a big outflow of FII money following fears of the US Federal Reserve tapering its quantitative easing programme.

76M households  7M small businesses hit by JPMorgan data breachPrint
Associated Press | Los Angeles | Posted: October 3, 2014 1:52 pm | Updated: October 3, 2014 3:12 pm
A huge cyberattack against JPMorgan Chase & Co. this summer compromised customer information for about 76 million households and 7 million small businesses, the bank said Thursday.
JPMorgan Chase said that names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses were stolen from the company’s servers, but only customers who use the websites Chase.com and JPMorganOnline and the apps ChaseMobile and JPMorgan Mobile were affected.
The New York-based bank said there’s no evidence that the data breach included account numbers, passwords, Social Security numbers or dates of birth. It also said it has not seen any unusual customer fraud stemming from the data breach.
JPMorgan Chase, the nation’s biggest bank by assets, has been working with law enforcement officials to investigate the cyberattack.
The bank discovered the intrusion on its servers in mid-August and has since determined that the breach began as early as June, spokeswoman Patricia Wexler said.
“We have identified and closed the known access paths,” she said, declining to elaborate.
She also declined to comment on whether JPMorgan has been able to determine who was behind the cyberattack on its servers.
In response to the data breach, the company has disabled compromised accounts and reset passwords of all its technology employees, Wexler said.
In a post on its Chase.com website, the bank told customers that it doesn’t believe they need to change their password or account information. It also noted that customers are not liable for unauthorized transactions when they promptly alert the bank.
The breach is yet another in a series of data thefts that have hit financial firms and major retailers.
Last month, Home Depot said that malicious software lurking in its check-out terminals between April and September affected 56 million debit and credit cards. Michaels and Neiman Marcus also have been attacked by hackers in the past year.
A data breach at Target in December compromised 40 million credit and debit cards. TJX Cos.’s theft of 90 million records, disclosed in 2007, remains the largest data breach at a retailer.
Last year, four Russian nationals and a Ukrainian were charged in what has been called the largest hacking and data breach scheme ever prosecuted in the United States. They were accused of running a hacking organization that penetrated computer networks of more than a dozen major U.S. and international corporations over seven years, stealing and selling at least 160 million credit and debit card numbers, resulting in losses of hundreds of millions of dollars.
Heartland Payment Systems Inc., which processes credit and debit cards for businesses, was identified as taking the biggest hit in a scheme starting in 2007, the theft of more than 130 million card numbers at a loss of about $200 million. Global Payment Systems, another major payment processing company, had nearly 1 million card numbers stolen, with losses of nearly $93 million, according to prosecutors.
The Chase heist is even more disturbing than the recent retail breaches because banks are supposed to have fortress-like protection against intruders, said Gartner security analyst Avivah Litan.
“This is really a slap in the face of the American financial services system,” continued…

BSE: Smaller stocks reap big gains  outshine blue chipsPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 3, 2014 3:56 pm
Driven by bullish stock market sentiment and strong participation from retail investors, the mid-cap and small-cap indices of the BSE have given big returns, surging up to 62 per cent and outperforming the larger index Sensex so far this year.
An analysis of the three indices shows that while the small-cap index of the BSE has given a return of 62.44 per cent, the mid-cap index followed with 41.84 per cent.
On the other hand, gain in the blue-chip Sensex has been at 25.49 per cent so far in 2014.
The Sensex touched its life-time high of 27,319.85 on September 8.
The mid-cap index touched its one-year peak of 10,000.86 on September 15 and the small-cap index hit its 52-week high of 11,245.52 on the same day.
Analysts said that when markets rally, these stocks make big gains than the front-lines. But during the times of uncertainty one witnesses greater losses in mid and small-cap counters.
Market experts said that positive investor sentiment following the formation of a new government and robust foreign fund inflows have been driving the domestic equity markets.
In 2013, small and mid-cap stocks had declined as much as 12 per cent.
Retail investors are major participants in mid-cap and small-cap stocks and activity in this segment has increased over the past few months.
Marketmen say smaller stocks are generally bought by local investors, while overseas investors focus on blue-chip shares.
The mid-cap index tracks companies with a market value that is on average one-fifth of blue-chips or large firms. Small-cap firms are almost a tenth of that.

US  not India or China  most attractive investment destination: ObamaPrint
PTI | Washington | Posted: October 4, 2014 10:03 am
Asserting that the once-shattered US economy was now “healthier” and had made “steady” and “real” progress over the past few years, President Barack Obama has said that it was America and not India or China that was the most attractive investment destination in the world.
“Because of all these things, our economy isn’t just primed for steadier, more sustained growth; America is better poised to lead and succeed in the 21st century than any other nation on Earth. We’ve got the best cards,” Obama said.
“Business leaders from around the world have said the world’s most attractive place to invest is not India or China, it’s the United States of America,” Obama said in his address on economy in Illinois.
“That’s because the financial sector is healthier; because manufacturing is healthier; because the housing market is healthier; because health care inflation is at a 50-year low; because our energy boom is at new highs,” he said.
Obama said the US economy was back on track and was now creating jobs than laying employees off. “As Americans, we can and should be proud of the progress that our country has made over these past six years,” he said.
“When I took office, businesses were laying off 8,00,000 Americans a month. Today, our businesses are hiring 2,00,000 Americans a month.
The unemployment rate has come down from a high of 10 percent in 2009, to 6.1 per cent today,” he said.
Over the past four and a half years, the businesses have created 10 million new jobs; this is the longest uninterrupted stretch of private sector job creation in the history.
“Right now, there are more job openings than at any time since 2001. All told, the United States has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and every other advanced economy combined,” Obama said. The US President said this progress has been hard, but it has been steady and it has been real.

Microsoft says Samsung owes $6.9 mn in unpaid interest on patent royaltiesPrint
Reuters | San Francisco | Posted: October 4, 2014 12:45 pm
Microsoft Corp is demanding $6.9 million interest from Samsung Electronics in a dispute over smartphone patent royalties, according to a lawsuit unsealed by a New York federal court on Friday.
Microsoft is asking the court to rule that it did not breach a business collaboration agreement with Samsung, and that Samsung must pay interest on more than $1 billion in royalty payments which it delayed in protest at Microsoft’s planned purchase of rival Nokia’s handset business.
A redacted version of the lawsuit was filed by Microsoft in August.
Samsung made royalty payments on time to Microsoft during the first fiscal year after they signed their 2011 agreement, the lawsuit said.
However, after Microsoft announced the Nokia deal in September 2013, Samsung initially refused to make another payment, arguing that the Nokia deal breached its licensing agreement with Microsoft. It eventually paid late without adding interest, according to the lawsuit.
Samsung did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Friday.
Microsoft has successfully argued that Google Inc’s Android mobile system uses some of its technology, and as a result most hardware makers, including Samsung, have agreed to pay patent royalties on Android handsets.
Motorola is one of the main holdouts, and that company has been in litigation against Microsoft since 2010.
The lawsuit in U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York is Microsoft Corp vs. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, 14-6039.
 

India  US working on choking support to D-Co...Dawood Ibrahim
(India and the US are working…)
NEW DELHI: India has launched efforts, seeking US cooperation, to choke all financial and tactical support to underworld don and terror mastermind Dawood Ibrahim's D-Company . National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, who was part of prime minister Narendra Modi's delegation to the US, stayed back and discussed the matter with his American counterpart and other senior Obama Administration officials, according to senior Indian officials. India and the US will work out a strategy to implement the commitment made in the joint statement following Narendra Modi-Barack Obama talks at White House last Tuesday. "The leaders stressed the need for joint and concerted efforts, including the dismantling of safe havens for terrorist and criminal networks, to disrupt all financial and tactical support for networks such as Al Qaeda, Lashkare Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, the DCompany, and the Haqqanis," according to the joint statement. Dawood is accused of playing a major role in several terror strikes in India and is currently a fugitive. Describing the PM's visit as highly successful, the officials said the US has shown interest in investing in PPP-model in India's infrastructure sector. They indicated that Doval might have also raised India's opposition to US government-approved snooping on India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistani troops violate ceasefire 9 times i...You are here: Home > Collections
Pakistani troops violate ceasefire 9 times in four days
PTI Oct 4, 2014, 09.13PM IST
Tags:
Border out Posts
(The Army said there was also…)
JAMMU: Pakistani troops continued breaching the ceasefire along the LoC for the fourth successive day today by resorting to unprovoked firing and shelling, while two persons have been injured and several houses damaged in Jammu region overnight due to the violation.
Army troops guarding the borderline with Pakistan , effectively responded to the firing.
"Pakistani troops violated ceasefire by resorting to unprovoked firing on Indian forward posts along LoC in Sabjian belt of Poonch district around 1050 hours today," a Defence spokesman said here tonight.
No casualty was reported till the last news came. This was the ninth ceasefire violation in the last four days.
After shelling border hamlets along the LoC in Poonch , Pakistani troops resorted to heavy firing of mortar bombs, small and automatic weapons in Jammu region overnight leaving two persons injured.
The Army said there was also a brief ceasefire violation along the LoC in Gulmarg sector of north Kashmir last night.
"Pakistani Rangers resorted to firing and shelling of mortar bombs targeting border hamlets and Border Out Posts (BoPs) along the International Border in R S Pura belt of Jammu district since last night," a police officer said today.
In the firing and shelling, four BoPs and Channa, Kako De Kothay, Kodwal and Devigarh villages were hit.
Two persons were injured in Kako-De-Kothay village, the officer said.
Seven houses suffered partial damage in the firing, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

General Motors recalls some Cadillac  Pontia...You are here: Home > Collections
General Motors recalls some Cadillac, Pontiac sedans
AP Oct 4, 2014, 11.10PM IST
Tags:
Cadillac
(General Motors is recalling…)
DETROIT: General Motors is recalling more than 60,000 vehicles in North America, the latest round of recalls this year for the automaker.
The biggest recall outlined by GM on Saturday affects 46,873 vehicles.
The recalls are Pontiac G8s from the 2008 through the 2009 model years and 2011-2013 model Chevrolet Caprice PPV left-hand-drive sedans imported from Australia.
GM says the ignition switch key may shift from the ``run'' position when touched by the driver's knee.
The company is aware of one crash related to the problem, but no injuries.
Another recall covers over 10,005 Cadillac CTS-V sedans from the 2004-2007 model years and 2006-2007 model Cadillac STS-Vs .
On some vehicles, the fuel pump module electrical terminal may overheat.
GM says it knows of no crashes or injuries related to the problem.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India should stop testing patience of Pakis...Line of Control
(Pakistan's former president…)
KARACHI: Pakistan's former president and military ruler General (retired) Pervez Musharraf has sought to blame India for ceasefire violations along Line of Control , saying it should stop testing the "patience and resolve" of Pakistani Army.
Musharraf, who is facing a treason case in the Supreme Court, said, "Regular ceasefire violations on the LoC by the Indians is not good for the region and deplorable."
"I think India should stop testing the patience and resolve of the Pakistani Army," he said on Express News.
Relations between the two countries have been tense in recent times due to repeated ceasefire violations along the LoC for which both governments blame each other.
According to India's Border guarding force BSF, firing by Pakistani troops along International Border (IB) in the past two months was possibly the "heaviest" since the 1971 war.
On the anti-government protests led by opposition leader Imran Khan and firebrand cleric Tahirul Qadri, Musharraf said, "The present governance, political and elections system in Pakistan have become redundant."
"I think it is now clear that all political parties have to sit together so that a consensus national government can be formed and fresh elections be held," Musharraf, who heads All Pakistan Muslim League party said.
The former military ruler said "changes are now a foregone conclusion" in Pakistan and the political and electoral system had to be changed for the better future of the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India should aim $40 bn gold jewellery exports by 2020: WGCThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Swachh Bharat: PM targets political goals with one campaignThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pakistani Taliban vows to send fighters to help IS groupThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rly passengers stageprotestPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 2:19 am
Around 400 passengers protested at the Mankhurd railway station on Saturday that led to delays in trains running between Mankhurd and Navi Mumbai by 10 to 15 minutes, said a Government Railway Police (GRP) official. The passengers started agitating after the railway authorities failed to restart services for a CST to Mankhurd-bound train, which has not been running for four months owing to water-logging on the tracks. “The services were closed after it was declared that the tracks are unsafe during monsoons.
The passengers were agitated because it was not started even after monsoons got over. However, the tracks are safe now and we will soon initiate the services,” said an official. The GRP have registered a complaint against the agitators. No railway property was damaged during the protest.

Woman arrested for conspiring with lover to killhusbandPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 2:15 am
A day after a 30-year-old businessman was shot at twice in the head by an alleged contract killer, police have arrested his wife for allegedly conspiring with her lover to kill him.
“We have arrested Kirat’s wife Khushi and her lover Nakul. A case of attempt to murder and criminal conspiracy has been registered against them,” DCP (Southwest) Suman Goyal said.
Police said Nakul and Kirat were friends. Kirat was in judicial custody in Tihar jail for having raped a woman. In his absence, Nakul was taking care of Khushi. They reportedly grew close and decided to get married, police said.
However, Kirat was soon released on bail. “Kirat suspected the two of having an affair. He fought with Nakul over this issue. Nakul and Khushi then decided to eliminate Kirat and contacted a man, Muqueem, for the job,” a senior police officer said.
Nakul then asked Kirat to Delhi Cantonment area on Friday. When Kirat was near Subroto Park in Southwest Delhi, Muqueem shot at Kirat.
The bullet hit his head and he fell on the road. Muqueem reportedly fired another shot to make sure that Kirat was dead, but he missed.
“Passersby rushed Kirat to the hospital. Doctors conducted a medical examination and said the bullet was wedged in the outer layer of his skull. Kirat underwent an operation and is now recuperating,” the officer said.

Global officials to issue warning of economi...Global officials to issue communique warning of economic risk
By Reuters | 5 Oct, 2014, 02.24AM IST
Finance and development ministers from around the world next week will warn of considerable downside risks to the global economy, and call for an effort to protect the world's poor
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Finance and development ministers from around the world next week will warn of considerable downside risks to the global economy, and call for an effort to protect the world's poor, according to the draft of a communique they plan to issue after a meeting on Saturday.
With Europe flirting with deflation, Japan not far from recession and a slowing economy in China, the world's No. 2 economy, there are worries the recovery from the deep 2007-2009 crisis is losing traction.
"The global economy remains on a cautious watch and is subject to considerable downside risks that could dent global growth and confidence," said the draft of a communique prepared for release by the joint IMF-World Bank Development Committee.
"The path to economic growth, job creation and shared prosperity will require a sustained multilateral effort to protect the poorest and most vulnerable."
A copy of the draft, which was obtained by Reuters, praised the World Bank for its response to the Ebola outbreak that has killed more than 3,400 people in West Africa and called for quick and coordinated support to mitigate its impact.
The statement said 20 percent of the impoverished countries receiving aid from the World Bank's fund for the poorest have not shown per capita output growth since 2000 and are particularly in danger of being hit hard if the global recovery founders. It urged the bank and the International Monetary Fund to monitor low-income countries' vulnerability to shocks, including the dangers their public debts might pose.
It also called for similar short- and medium-term help from the World Bank and IMF for North Africa and the Middle East, especially countries in conflict. The World Bank also was encouraged to increase private investment opportunities in nations falling into conflict.
On other topics, the communique draft called for the two leading multilateral agencies, who are holding their annual meetings in Washington in the coming week, to expand their emphasis on gender equality and climate change, while helping countries with energy supplies and infrastructure investment.
The Development Committee acts as a steering group on development issues for both the IMF and World Bank.

Haryana assembly elections: BJP releases manifesto; promises stipend for unemployed  foodgrain at Re 1 per kgHaryana assembly elections: BJP releases manifesto; promises stipend for unemployed, foodgrain at Re 1 per kg
PTI | Chandigarh | Published:  Oct 02 2014, 21:57  IST
Oct 02 2014, 21:57  IST
 

Swachh Bharat  is nothing but a UPA scheme  says P ChidambaramE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

White US woman sues over sperm from black donorE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gas price pooling  subsidies to help stranded power firmsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

ISIS video shows second British hostage beheadedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hrithik Roshan s  Bang Bang  5th biggest opener of all-time at Rs 27.54 crHrithik Roshan's 'Bang Bang' 5th biggest opener of all-time at Rs 27.54 cr
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 04 2014, 07:28  IST
Oct 04 2014, 07:28  IST
 

Working long hours may raise diabetes riskE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi in battlefield HaryanaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Uddhav Thackeray vows to expose scams if Shiv Sena is voted to powerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

What s common between Google Android and RSS  Hindutva  iPhones and IslamE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pakistani Taliban declare allegiance to Islamic State and global jihadThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Association writes to BMC over criminal incidents inofficesBrihanmumbai Municipal Corporation
Written by Tanushree Venkatraman | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 2:22 am
The joint municipal commissioner (security) of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) — S S Shinde — received a leeter from the Practising Engineers Architects and Town Planners Association (PEATA), India, stressing on “criminal incidents” that are allegedly taking place at the Building Proposals Department of the civic body in Bandra.
The letter, accessed by Newsline, was sent in the last week of September. It highlights a recent incident of September 22 when a group of unknown people abused a civic employee after he refused to share contact details of the architects and builders. “When the official refused to budge to the pressure of these people, they pushed him against an aluminium partition in the cabin,” the letter said.
“These people enter the offices, disguised as Right to Information (RTI) activists and then force engineers to give contact details of the builders, architects and larger project developers to blackmail them and extort money. This has been a common practice for four to five years now. It is highly condemnable that the BMC offices are used as a platform while the employees are constantly threatened. “These people also use abusive language in front of all the civic employees,” said Shirish Sukhatme, president, PEATA.
Through the letter, the Association has now demanded a safe working atmosphere across all offices of the civic body. They have also requested the administration to initiate an inquiry into the incident and take immediate action against people who entered the official’s cabin and abused him. The letter also points out the lacunae in the security system of the civic body that leads to to such incidents.
“We recently inspected the Bandra office where the incident has occurred. There is a single entrance to the building and we will enhance security at the main entrance to avoid such incidents in future.
Apart from this, we are also asking the Building Proposals department to design a protocol for themselves, wherein they list people who should not be allowed inside their departments. We have assured them that nobody is allowed in any of the civic offices without an identity card,” said Shinde.

Ex-models suicide case: Police arrest accusedsboyfriendArchana Pandey, 26, had allegedly committed suicide at her residence here and her body was found Monday.
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 2:47 am
The Versova police have begun their search for a woman who was named by the 26-year-old former model in her suicide note, before she hanged herself at her Lokhandwala flat Monday. The police arrested the woman’s boyfriend on Wednesday night on the charge of abetment of suicide, based on the one page suicide note.
According to the police, Archana Pandey’s decomposed body was found in her flat on the 12th floor of the New Mhada building in Andheri (West). “We have arrested the woman’s boyfriend, Umar Pathan, for abetment of suicide and are investigating whether there was any other reason behind Pandey’s suicide,” said Arundhati Rane, senior police inspector, Versova police station. The police said apart from Umar Pathan, the suicide note mentioned the name of another woman, Sana. The officers, however, said that neither Pathan nor any of Pandey’s friends know who the other woman is or how the deceased knew her.
Police are now tracing Sana. “Sana’s name is clearly mentioned in the suicide note and it is essential to question her in the case,” said a police officer from Versova police station.
The police suspect that Sana is associated with Pandey’s brother Ashwin, who is lodged in a Gujarat jail. “Ashwin was arrested by the Crime Branch in Ahmedabad in a cheating case, where his bank account was used to transfer Rs 78 crore to the account of a Nigerian. Ashwin had allegedly got 10 per cent of the deal,” said the officer.
The police have recorded the statements of Pandey’s friends. They are now going to question Ashwin by requesting the Ahemdabad police, to get an idea about Sana.
Rane said Pandey’s body was sent to Cooper Hospital on Monday for post-mortem. “From the decomposed state of the body, we can assume that Pandey might have committed suicide three days ago,” said Rane.
The police said Pandey, who stayed alone in the city, used to work as a finance consultant for the Mirza Production Company, after she quit modelling in 2009. The investigating officers said that in her suicide note she has named Pathan and Sana for abandoning her at time of need.
Police sources said Pandey was earning well and did not have any financial problems, but was suffering from depression after Ashwin’s arrest.

Hi fiery  frankly when i entered ybrant..i did it with a long term hor...Gold Member
133 Followers
Hi Fiery, Frankly when i entered Ybrant..I did it with a long term horizon of three year keeping in mind that this was a potential multibagger over 3 years but i hardly knew then that it would have such a big potential.
Hence since last 3 months i am just not bothering myself on short term targets and i keep buying in chunks every month.
Some of our fellow boarders like Head, Aindia, Kavi, Dando, have put a lot of effort in understanding and discussing the business model, impact of various technologies/platforms and the roadmap of Ybrant.
Immi, Expert, Sree, Ravi, JP2020, Aindia and a few more have attended the AGM in Hyderabad and interacted with SKR at length.
They are all giving us inmense confidence based on their knowledge and interactions.
I personally hope to meet up with SKR whenever he is in Mumbai hopefully for the listing in NSE.
YD is already a mid cap as its market cap has touched 4000 crores and it is featured in the mid cap section of Moneycontrol newsletters.
I am confident that it will soon get into the large cap section.

Modi begins his blitz with rallies in Beed AurangabadComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at his rally in MIDC area of Aurangabad on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Pavan Khegre)
In barely eight days, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address as many as 25 rallies across Maharashtra and his party BJP seems to be banking heavily on these rallies to boost its performance in the October 15 Assembly polls in the state, especially after its bitter parting with long-time ally Shiv Sena.
Modi’s arrival seems to have enthused party’s rank-and-file which had been in a state of confusion and disarray after the blow it suffered during seat-sharing talks with the Sena.
In gullies, streets and rallies, BJP leaders and supporters were busy raising the slogan, “Deshamadhe Modi, aata Maharashtra madhe pan Modi (Modi government in the country, BJP government in the state as well),” as the Prime Minister began his campaign on Saturday.
Modi’s first rally, held at Atalji Maidan in Beed on Saturday afternoon, drew what BJP leaders said was “a massive response.”
The scene was no different Aurangabad where the crowd had begun to fill the rally ground hours before Modi landed in the evening.

PM rally in riot-scarred Sangli today  BJP faces the Shiv SenahurdlePM rally in riot-scarred Sangli today, BJP faces the Shiv Sena hurdle
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Sangli |       October 5, 2014 9:39 am
Comments
As it attempts to repeat or better its performance in 2014, the BJP faces a division of loyal Hindu votes.
Scars of communal violence of five years ago here are still visible in its epicentre of Sangli-Miraj even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses a rally in Sangli’s Tasgaon Assembly constituency Sunday.
In 2009 Assembly polls, which took place after the violence ripped across the town, witnessed a clear division in votes on community lines. Benefiting the most from this polarisation, the BJP managed to bag three out of the eight Assembly seats in the belt, which has traditionally remained loyal to the Congress. The three seats that went into the BJP kitty were Sangli, Miraj and Jat.
As it attempts to repeat or better its performance in 2014, the BJP faces a  division of loyal Hindu votes. Following its divorce with BJP, the Shiv Sena, which does not represent a single seat in the region, has put up candidates in seven Assembly segments.
BJP legislator Suresh Khade, who represents the Miraj Assembly seat, conceded the Sena challenge while claiming that his would ride the Modi wave and development carried out by party legislators in the belt to improve its tally. “It would be incorrect to say that we had won last time only because of the riots. Our vote margins might come down in the new circumstances,” Khade said.
Local BJP leaders admitted being wary of the Shiv Sena factor, while pointing out that a split in the Congress-NCP alliance and a presence of rebels would bolster their chances.
Besides gains in Sangli-Miraj, the BJP had also recorded gains in two Kolhapur seats in 2009.
In their bid to gain maximum votes, both BJP and Sena have been trying to woo supporters of local Hindutva icon, Sambhaji Bhede (Guruji). Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray referred to him generously during his campaign in Sangli earlier this week and did the same at another rally in Borivali a day later. Modi has already said that the former RSS activist was his role model. Sources said Modi would refer to him again during his Sunday’s speech.

Muslim leaders meet UddhavThackerayTill now, two separate delegations of Muslims have contacted Sena. (Source: PTI photo)
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 2:55 am
A delegation of select Muslim leaders approached Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray with a charter of their demands, a move that shows a noticeable shift in the community’s otherwise anti-Sena stand.
A delegation of former Congress party loyalists, who have formed the Maharashtra Muslim Ekta Parishad, have demanded more land for the Muslim population in the state and fast track courts for the accused in terror cases.
Sharfoddin Kante, an activist from the Konkan region, representing the association, said, “The condition of Muslims in the state is worse than that of the Dalits. We have now decided to put across our demands to other parties we were warned against and see how they can help us.”
The three-month-old organisation — spread across the state including Latur, Solapur, Nashik, Thane and Mumbai — alleged that the former state government has occupied the land belonging to the Wakf board including the Imail Yusuf College in Jogeshwari. The association has requested the Shiv Sena to the “give the land back” to the Wakf board.
Moreover, the group has also demanded that the terror accused be tried at the fast track courts and maintained that the judgments in terror cases should materialise within a year. The accused in such cases, if acquitted, should be provided with ‘sufficient’ compensation, the parishad added. The group also demanded fund allocations of Rs 4,000 crore for the Muslims in the state and have sought a “Danga Mukt Mharashtra”. The change in heart comes after the Lok Sabha elections in which the BJP-Sena alliance swept votes by a huge margin. According to parishad president Dafedar Aakif, Thackeray has promised to look into all their needs if they win the 2014 Assembly elections.
Till now, two separate delegations of Muslims have contacted Sena. Shabbir Ansari, a community leader, said, “Different groups are approaching different party leaders for the community. Even we approached them to look into issues that the minority community is facing.”

ET recommendations: Book  game and appET recommendations: Book, game and app
By ET Bureau | 5 Oct, 2014, 04.20AM IST
0
Share More
This Norwegian action thriller, adapted from the book by famed crime writer Jo Nesbø, still surprises. To reveal more about the plot than the bare basics would be a sure spoiler. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
You just can't escape Scandinavian thrillers in this age. Colleagues can be seen turning up at work with a tome belonging to the genre under their arms and conversations around films inevitably bring movies from that stable to mind. Much has been written about the 'why' of this: tracing the old, drink-and-gore Scandinavian epics through an age when the focus changed to the dark brooding psychological-social examinations of Scandinavian society, and then jumping quite a bit, to a preoccupation with secrets, guilt, crime and violence lurking under the surface. This Norwegian action thriller, adapted from the book by famed crime writer Jo Nesbo, still surprises. To reveal more about the plot than the bare basics would be a sure spoiler. Hence, just the tidbits: Roger (Hennie) is a corporate headhunter with a trophy wife Diana (Synnove), and is a guilty, insecure man to boot. Seeking thrills and showering the wife with expensive stuff makes him an art thief on the side. This, logically, can't last.
Enter the cool killer, Clas (Nikolaj), who inverts Roger's attempts to steal from him and weaves a web of deceit and savage determination to exterminate that leaves you gasping for breath. For sheer twists and turns, darkly comic moments amidst cringe-worthy scenes of violence and a man's struggle to stay alive and in the game despite the odds stacked against him, this film is a bit of a shocker. In a successful sort of way. Not for nothing did this film become a quick hit across the world, with, as happens in such cases, Hollywood wanting to do a remake. And if anyone can do half of what director Morten Tyldum did with this film, it'd still be watchable. It's that good.
— Najeeb Mubarki

Why Kuntal Patel is making headlinesWhy Kuntal Patel is making headlines
By ET Bureau | 5 Oct, 2014, 05.58AM IST
She contacted an American poisons dealer and said she needed a “tasteless” and deadly toxin to get her mother “out of the way”.
ET SPECIAL:
Let me guess... she's the mother of Parthiv Patel .
Yeah, right!
Wait. bet she's an Indian-American Modi fan.
Wrong, brother. Where do you get your news?
Fine, who is she?
She is from the UK and allegedly poisoned her mother in a Breaking Bad-inspired plot after her mother forbade her to marry her boyfriend.
That's vile. Tell me more.
In her defence, she said poisoning was just fantasy and she never got to it.
Hmmm. But what's the breaking bad connection?
She contacted an American poisons dealer and said she needed a "tasteless" and deadly toxin to get her mother "out of the way".
Oh! just like Walter White...
...spiked a rival's drink with deadly ricin. Not bad. I thought you had no clue about Breaking Bad too.
Dude, I've watched the show like five times. So what was her plan?
Patel got the deadly abrin sent to her hidden in a candle and slipped it to her mother in her Coke. It did not work though. Anyway, she has been acquitted.
Thank God. To think love can inspire so much hate...
Stop right there. Don't get all philosophical on me. At least not on a Sunday.

U.S. military force fighting Ebola virus could grow to 4 000 troopsBy Dan Lamothe October 3 Follow @danlamothe
A Liberian Red Cross worker looks on Friday for dead people in Monrovia, Liberia, where the Ebola virus has crippled the country’s already weak health services, killed at least 89 health workers and prompted stark warnings of an explosion of cases and complete collapse of the fragile post-war society. (Pascal Guyot/AFP/Getty Images)
The U.S. military could deploy up to 4,000 troops to western Africa as part of Washington’s broader response to the threat posed by the deadly Ebola virus, the Pentagon press secretary said Friday.
Rear Adm. John Kirby disclosed the number to reporters at the Pentagon, stressing that while the Defense Secretary has approved the potential deployment of up to 4,000 service members, “that doesn’t mean it’s going to get to that number.”
Still, military officials had previously said that about 3,000 service members would deploy in response to the global health crisis developing in Liberia and other neighboring countries. It has killed more than 3,300 people in western Africa. Ebola was diagnosed for the first time in the United States on Wednesday, when it surfaced in Dallas.
Military officials have been quick to stress that U.S. troops will not be directly treating infected patients. But Kirby added Friday that a series of precautions will be taken to protect U.S. troops, and they’ll be monitored regularly in case they get Ebola.
“We’re going to train them up on what Ebola looks like, feels like, does,” he said. “While they’re there, they’re going to be constantly monitored on a regular, frequent basis. I was talking to a senior officer that was down in Liberia just recently. He was there for one day, and they took his temperature 10 times during that day just to make sure that throughout the day, there had been no changes.”
The bulk of the military’s deployments will come from the Army. A headquarters unit from the 101st Airborne Division, of Fort Campbell, Ky., will oversee the mission from Monrovia, Liberia’s capital, under the command of Maj. Gen. Gary Volesky.
The Army plans to deploy 3,200 soldiers, service officials said Friday. Other units involved include the 101st Sustainment Brigade; the 86th Combat Support Hospital, 44th Medical Brigade; and a military police company with the 16th Military Police Brigade. All of those units are based at Fort Campbell, and will combine to provide medical, logistical and security support for the mission, known as Operation United Assistance.
Extra help arrives to help contain the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, which has claimed more than 3,300 lives. (Reuters)
Other Army units from Fort Hood and Fort Bliss in Texas, Fort Stewart and Fort Benning in Georgia, Fort Carson in Colorado, Fort Bragg in North Carolina, and Aberdeen Proving Ground in Maryland also will send forces as part of the Army’s 3,200-soldier deployment.
The soldiers from Fort Hood include 500 soldiers from the 1st Medical Brigade, the 36th Engineer Brigade and the 85th Civil Affairs Brigade, officials said. Fort Carson will send about 160 soldiers from the 4th Engineer Battalion, and Fort Bragg will deploy 120 soldiers for engineering and public affairs. The 20th Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear and Explosives Command at Aberdeen will send 10 soldiers for laboratory work, and about 100 soldiers from Fort Benning, Fort Stewart and Fort Eustis will round out the force.
The units will begin deploying by late October, and may continue to through November, depending on the need and transportation available, Army officials said.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

The annoncements in the agm were very good and i learnt a lot more abo...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

On eve of Modis Nashik rally  ally Raju Shetti fights shy ofBJPOn eve of Modi’s Nashik rally, ally Raju Shetti fights shy of BJP
Written by Parthasarathi Biswas | Baglan (nashik) |       October 5, 2014 9:42 am
Comments
A few days back, the farmers in Nashik had even organised a demonstration in which they burnt an effigy of Union Agriculture Minister Radhamohan Singh.
As Nashik prepares for the first public rally of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Swabhimani Shetkari Saghtana (SSS) MP Raju Shetti, whose party is contesting the October 15 state Assembly polls in alliance with the BJP, says the policies of the central government will cost the BJP heavily in the onion belt where the saffron combine had won all the three parliamentary seats in the Lok Sabha polls earlier this year.
Since the Lok Sabha elections, prices of onion had soared due to shortage. To control the prices, the central government had twice increased the minimum export price (MEP) and also announced import of onion from other countries. Onion prices had peaked in the national capital, which  prompted the central government to resort to these measures, which in turn brought the wholesale and retail prices down again.
However, onion farmers now complain of a steep decrease in prices of their produce, which they say has resulted in financial hardships for them. At present, farmers are forced to sell their produce at Rs 10-12 per kg, which they sold at Rs 30 per kg a few months ago.
A few days back, the farmers in Nashik had even organised a demonstration in which they burnt an effigy of Union Agriculture Minister Radhamohan Singh. SSS members were also present during the agitation.
Speaking about the crisis, Shetti alleged that the central government was intentionally going soft on the NCP-backed onion traders who were responsible for reducing the price in the wholesale markets. “I had written to the prime minister and the agriculture minister, asking them not to raise the MEP as it was not beneficial for the farmers. Also, when the question of procuring onions for Delhi came up, I had asked them to buy it from farmers in Maharashtra. But the government refused to listen to me. During my talks with BJP leaders, I had warned them they would have to pay for it politically, but nothing happened,” he said.
Shetti, who will not be attending the PM’s rally on Sunday, said the BJP would fail to make any electoral inroads in the onion belt.
Of the 20 MLAs from Nashik district, BJP has just one at present. Both Shiv Sena and MNS have three MLAs each. Of the four MLAs from Dule, BJP has just one.
Deepak Pagar, who heads north Maharashtra wing of the SSS, said this region would see a sharp decline in voting percentage during the Assembly polls. “During the Lok Sabha elections the voting percentage had crossed 70, but this time it will go down. Farmers are very angry with the BJP and they are unlikely to come out and vote,” he continued…

12% rain deficit: Why is the picture of rural economy uncertainAgriculture
(While the Modi government…)
Dinkar Patil, a farmer from Buldhana district in Vidarbha, Maharashtra, normally cultivates cotton on his 13-acre farm land. This year, however, he has skipped the cotton crop and opted for soyabean and tur dal. "The rainfall started late. I did not cultivate cotton because of the delayed rains and the huge increase in cost of cultivation of the crop," said Patil. He is expecting a fall of about 15% in soyabean yields as the grain size is likely to be smaller due to the absence of rainfall at the time when grains gain in size. He also fears a drop of more than 40% in tur production. The area on which cotton is being sowed is 40.29 lakh hectares, 20% higher than the average area of the last five years and higher by 6% over the area targeted by the agriculture department. Despite the increase, farmers expect a decline in profits due to a reduction in the per acre yield of the crop, an increase in input (fertilizer) and labour costs and a fall in prices. As sowing was delayed by about 20 days to a month, farmers had to use more seeds to make up for the loss in production, which led to an increase in cost of cultivation.
BR Patil, a cotton scientist formerly working with the Punjabrao Deshmukh Agricultural University in Akola, estimates that the cotton farmers in Vidarbha could see a drop of about 15-20% in yields. "Only if this region gets some rainfall in the next few days can cotton and soyabean crops hope to get some returns. Else, the farmers are going to bear big losses," he said. It's a similar story in other parts of the country. In Punjab and Haryana, which have seen rainfall deficits of well over 50%, farmers have been forced to rely on groundwater to irrigate crops, pushing up costs in those regions as well.
This is the other side of India's agricultural economy that has not come through in the big numbers. Officially at least, and much to
everyone's relief, this year's monsoon season ended with just a 12% deficit in rainfall, far short of the massive deficit of over 43% in June. Indeed, while private weather forecasters have described the monsoon season as a 'drought' (albeit a mild one), the government refuses to go that far. The first estimates of agricultural output for the kharif season indicate a fall of 7% in foodgrain production from a year earlier (see Falling Yield).
The final deficit in agricultural production is likely to be even lower than this, say experts. But while the Modi government talks up overall economic sentiment, the picture for the rural economy is far more uncertain.
Action Replay
The weak rainfall in June, and the expectation that the El Nino weather phenomenon would hurt the monsoon rains, prompted fears of another drought year like 2009 or 2002. But a better comparison could well be 2012. In 2012, the monsoon started off badly, with heavy deficits in rainfall in the early weeks; however, rainfall picked up in August and September, and the season ended with a shortfall of about 8%. Foodgrain production fell by 2.4%. Though 2012 was hardly a good year as far as the monsoon was concerned, it was far milder in its impact on agricultural production than 2002 and 2009.
What happened with prices, though, was dramatic. In January 2012, consumer prices of food items were growing at a tad under 4%. By August 2012, the consumer price index for food had soared to over 12%, pushing overall consumer price inflation to 10%. "What we saw that year was a big spike in food prices," says Abhijit Sen, professor of economics at JNU and former member of the Planning Commission.
Will we see such inflation again this year? Food price inflation is hovering above 9% currently and even the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), while noting earlier this week that overall inflation rates had fallen, was quick to point out that food prices still pose a risk. "Future food prices... impart some uncertainty to an otherwise improving inflation outlook..," it noted.
The Wild Card
The big difference between 2012 and 2014 though is arguably the international commodities market. In October 2012, the RBI, in an assessment of the economic environment then, noted that the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) forecast that global cereal production would decline by 2.6% that year: "The uptick in commodity prices in recent months has been driven by crude oil and food prices," the central bank noted.
Despite the weak agricultural production and high food price inflation at home, India actually became a big exporter of agri-commodities to an international market facing a foodgrain shortage. Rice exports in 2012-13 rose by 41% from a year earlier while wheat exports jumped from 740,000 tonnes to over 6.4 million tonnes (a whopping 773% jump). "In recent years, the government has attempted to bring down the economic costs of the food subsidy by resorting to heavy exports when international prices are high," says an agricultural expert with an international organization.

Patna stampede: Jitan Ram Manjhi promises action  trashes  Dummy CM  tagE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Unemployment is under 6 percentBy Matt O'Brien October 3 Follow @ObsoleteDogma
(Karen Bleier/AFP/Getty Images)
It only took six years, but unemployment is finally under 6 percent again. Don't break out the champagne just yet, but if you want to do a little victory dance, go ahead.
It was pretty much good news all around. The economy added 248,000 jobs in September, 69,000 more in revisions, and, yes, the unemployment rate fell from 6.1 to 5.9 percent, mostly for the good reason that people were finding work. (Although the labor force did shrink by 97,000).
Now, this is the part where we round up the usual caveats: these are just provisional numbers with a margin of error of 100,000. As always, it makes more sense to look at the longer-term trend instead of trying to divine too much from a single data point. But, as you can see below, the three-month jobs average is still at a respectable 224,000. Our slow and steady recovery might, every-so-slightly, be getting a little less slow.
Which brings us to the Federal Reserve. It's just about to finish winding down its bond-buying program, and the question now is when it will start raising rates. The Fed has said it will wait for a "considerable time" after QE3 ends to do so, but it's given itself enough wiggle room thanks to the vagaries of Fedspeak to move that up if necessary. So would this kind of job growth, assuming it's sustained, get the Fed to start lift off in, say, March instead of June, like people expect?
Probably not.
Even though unemployment is approaching something close to normalcy, there are still plenty of reasons to think there's plenty of slack left in the economy. There are over 7.1 million people who want full-time jobs, but can only find part-time ones; almost 3 million people who have been unemployed for six months or longer; and fewer prime-age workers between 25 and 54 years old than you'd expect in a healthy economy. These are all getting a little bit better each month, but there's still a long ways to go.
And all this "shadow unemployment," as economists David Blanchflower and Adam Posen show, is why workers haven't really gotten raises even as joblessness is officially falling. Indeed, as you can see below, wages were flat in September, up just 2 percent on the year. The Fed, in other words, can afford to keep rates low for a long time, because inflation isn't coming anytime soon.
It would probably take, by the sad standards of this recovery, sustained and substantial growth of something on the order of 300,000 jobs a month for the Fed to move up the first rate hike. That's because it wants to be sure, really sure , that the economy can handle higher interest rates before it raises them. Otherwise, it might have to backtrack and cut rates to zero again, like Japan did in the 2000s, or Europe has today. Raising rates too soon, in other words, might paradoxically force rates to stay at zero longer than if they'd been more patient — which, not-so-coincidentally, has become the Fed doves' byword . With shadow unemployment still so high and wage inflation still so low, there's no reason that even a good jobs report like this one should change the Fed's thinking.
Let's see how long this recovery can keep chugging along.
Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic.

Small business hiring picks upSmall business hiring picks up but remains well shy of summer’s blistering pace
U.S. economy, Main Street economy suffering similar slowdowns
By J.D. Harrison October 2 Follow @jd_harrison
Small businesses expanded at a slightly faster clip last month. However, compared to this summer, autumn appears to have brought with it a cooldown in hiring on Main Street, mirroring a trend across the broader economy.
Small companies added 88,000 jobs in September, up from an upwardly revised 82,000 the month before, according to the latest data released by payroll services firm ADP. That’s a good sign for the economy, as the small-business sector, generally considered a reliable source of economic growth , was coming off back-to-back months of slowdown.
Companies of all sizes added 213,000 positions last month, marking a similar reversal after two straight months of shrinking job gains.
“It’s a positive sign for the economy to see the 200,000-plus trend continue,” Carlos Rodriguez, president and chief executive of ADP, said in a statement.
Still, the numbers are down considerably from their peaks in July, when the economy added a total of 297,000 jobs, 133,000 of which were generated by small businesses (considered by ADP to be those with fewer than 50 workers).
Within the small-business sector, it’s the smallest of firms that continue to contribute the most new jobs. Companies with fewer than 20 workers added more than 48,000 positions in September, compared to more than 39,000 added by businesses with between 20 and 50 workers.
Goods-producing small businesses, meanwhile, continue to show slow growth, adding only 6,000 jobs last month, their lowest monthly output since January. Over the past few years, nearly all of the jobs added by companies with 50 or fewer workers have come from service-producing businesses.
Another small-business hiring index from payroll firm Paychex and information services company IHS shows a similar slowdown, with the pace of growth still heading in a positive direction, but at a slower pace than the month before.
“Though still performing stronger than in 2013, the small business job market has cooled a bit in the second half of 2014,” James Diffley, IHS’s chief regional economist, wrote in the groups’ report.
Follow J.D. Harrison and On Small Business on Twitter.
J.D. Harrison covers startups, small business and entrepreneurship, with a focus on public policy, and he runs the On Small Business blog.

California Tries Giant Water Coolers to Save FishAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

India Inc back to M&A deals  driven by positive sentimentE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Reforms agenda for Narendra Modi s  Make in India  campaignE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

First Develop India is plain and simple economicsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GM Issues Three New RecallsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pay u money and enstage strong competition if rss wants to concentrate...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Good to see you flagged for spamming n misguiding..0 Follower
Dear Valine,
Hi MAN has proved good but the problem is in many cases like JP associates , stopless is being triggered. All other suggested scrips runs but the stopless triggers in the script purchased by us like Jindal Steel, JP Asso.
Can we have few accurate calls rather then many please?
Have a good day.

The anti-retirement planBy Jonnelle Marte October 3 Follow @jonnelle
WASHINGTON, DC: Paul Hyman is a lawyer in Washington, D.C. who still works full time at age 74. He said that not only does he still enjoy working but he fears boredom if he were to retire. (Photo by Michael S. Williamson/The Washington Post)
Paul Hyman doesn’t much care for golf or beach resorts. He doesn’t have a boat and isn’t any good at painting.
Hyman, 74, isn’t into many of the things the friends his age say they like doing in retirement. The things that are important to him – social connections, friends, new challenges – he gets at work. So the partner at Hyman, Phelps & McNamara, a food and drug law firm based in Washington, says he isn’t retiring, at least not for now.
“Most of my contemporaries in law school, or a lot of them, have retired,” says Hyman, who helped launch the firm nearly 35 years ago. “A lot of them were sort of happy to stop doing what they were doing. I kind of like what I’m doing.”
Hyman is among a growing group of people working full time beyond age 65, generally considered full retirement age. As of September, 60 percent of workers age 65 and older had full-time jobs, up from about 55 percent in September of 2007, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Over that time, the share of workers with part-time jobs fell to 40 percent from about 45 percent.
Economists say it’s only natural that people are working longer because they’re living longer. Today, one in four people who reach age 65 will live past 90, according to the Social Security Administration. One in 10 will live past 95. With such longevity, financial advisers say, people need to be more creative about finding new income in retirement – which more often makes a job a regular part of the plan.
“The old idea of retirement of moving somewhere sunny and playing a lot of golf, that’s a 50-year-old idea,” says Andy Sieg, head of Global Wealth & Retirement Solutions for Bank of America Merrill Lynch, which is releasing a series of reports on how the views of retirement are changing. “People are screaming out for a new proposition. They want to stay engaged and be in the workplace.”
Forty-seven percent of today’s retirees say they have either worked or plan to work in retirement, according to a survey by Merrill Lynch and Age Wave, a research group. And people aren’t just staying at their jobs for the money, the study found. Sixty-two percent of retirees said their top reason for working in retirement was to stay mentally active, double the 31 percent who said they worked mostly for the money.
Not that the money isn’t a strong motivator. A survey released by the Federal Reserve in August found that 31 percent of Americans have no money saved for retirement and are not receiving a pension. That included 19 percent of people ages 55 to 64. How did they plan to make up for that shortfall? About 25 percent of those surveyed said they would work as long as possible.
Today’s workers also have greater financial incentives to keep working than previous generations did, says Richard Johnson, a senior fellow at the Urban Institute. Fewer workers are earning pensions. And working longer can help people sock away more savings – which more people are relying on for retirement income. Those who delay collecting Social Security see their annual benefits grow by 8 percent for every year beyond their full retirement age, until they reach 70.
Paul Brown, a 67-year-old security guard in Baltimore, says that because he’s in good health, he plans to keep working and to put off Social Security until 70. The money he makes is enough to cover his food, housing and transportation. And Brown, who worked for nearly three decades as a painter for a federal agency before transitioning to security, says the bigger Social Security benefit will be a nice supplement to the income he is expecting from his pension.
He also likes the daily routine. While many of the retired people who live with him in the senior home spend a lot of time indoors, he likes walking 15 minutes to work in the afternoons to a nearby building, where he keeps watch at night with another guard. “When I was a kid, I thought I would grow up and retire and play all day again,” he said. “But it doesn’t work that way.”
Even though he works 40 hours a week, he says, he still has plenty of time to see his cousins, go to church and volunteer at a local food bank. Retirement, he expects, will involve more of the same, with more time free for volunteering.
Another factor making it easier to work longer: the rise in education. People with office jobs or other positions that aren’t physically demanding can work longer than people in blue-collar jobs that are harder to keep up with age. Nearly 32 percent of people 25 and older had completed at least four years of college in 2013, up from about 18 percent in 1983, according to Census Bureau data. In 1940, just under 5 percent of people 25 and older had completed that much schooling.
Job flexibility helps. John Lowe, an energy law professor at Southern Methodist University’s Dedman School of Law in Dallas, says his flexible schedule is one of the main reasons he works full time at 73. Between summer breaks and winter holidays, he says he can teach abroad and take extended trips with his family.
The job also allows for longer breaks. On sabbatical for the fall semester, Lowe first spent a few months over the summer in Maine, where he spent afternoons sailing on his 36-foot boat. He is now in Thailand teaching a short course in petroleum law. When that’s over, he’ll travel with his wife and daughter.
In the spring, Lowe will return to his full-time job on campus, where he will teach two courses and guide students conducting research projects. Even with the full course load, he can sneak away early some afternoons for the occasional round of golf. “It’s not a hard job,” he says. “The culture of university is such that elderly people are respected and given a lot of support - and it’s fun.”
Of course, some people who intend to keep working are forced to retire early when their health changes. According to another Merrill Lynch and Age Wave survey, 86 percent of people over 65 say they have chronic conditions , including heart disease, diabetes, cancer and arthritis. Thirty-seven percent of respondents said they had to retire early because of a health reason.
For workers still in good health, especially those who like their work and are in well-paying jobs, there is little reason to stop. “There’s a big opportunity cost to retiring,” says Sara Rix, an analyst with the AARP Public Policy Institute who studies labor trends for older workers. “If they retire they lose a lot of money.”
Hyman, who started his law career with the Food and Drug Administration, is one of two founding partners still at the firm. (The other, who fellow partners used to call “the kid” because he is several years younger, is in his 60s.) One passed away, and another retired to Florida, where he takes pictures of birds and plays golf.
Hyman says he normally gets to the office about 9:30 a.m. and leaves most days by 7 p.m. While he doesn’t spend his days in court anymore, he still talks frequently with clients, consulting them and other lawyers at the firm about the language that should be used on ads and product labels – a part of the job he really enjoys.
Between the money he has saved in his 401(k) and other outside investments that have done well, Hyman says he could retire today if he needed to. Retiring will lead to a pay cut, but because his house and cars are paid off, he thinks he’ll be able to cover his expenses just fine. In the meantime, he’ll keep saving.
When Hyman and his fellow partners entered their 50s, they instituted a mandatory retirement policy under which the firm’s lawyers over the age of 70 would need to be approved each year by the board. Hyman has been cleared three times without issue. “Now, it won’t last forever,” he said one recent afternoon while sitting in his corner office. “Something will happen.”
“One of two things – one will be physical and the other will be mental,” he says, adding that an emotional change may make him feel ready for something new. “Something may set me off.”
For now, that day seems far away. Maybe it’s in his genes, he says. After all, his father, who was on a tax appeals board in Atlantic City, didn’t retire until he was 84.
Read more: 

I think five for one split and decent interim dividend is nearly guara...Reposted about 50 days 5 hrs 8 min 46 sec ago by indiaboy
USA employment rate falls to 5.9% WOW.
69K UP job revisions for past 2 months.
WE R GOING TO FLY. TML 2700 here i come

REPORT: U.S. Strikes On Al Qaeda Faction FailedU.S. Strikes On Al Qaeda-Linked Khorasan Group Failed: Sources
Reuters
reddit
By Mark Hosenball
WASHINGTON, Oct 3 (Reuters) - U.S. airstrikes in Syria in  September that were aimed at a faction of al Qaeda militants  said to be plotting attacks against the West failed to deliver a  decisive blow against them, U.S. officials familiar with the  operation said late this week.
While U.S. intelligence agencies are still assessing the  results of the Tomahawk cruise missile strikes, three U.S.  officials said indications are that many suspected leaders and  members of the Khorasan Group escaped, along with high-tech  explosive devices they were said to be preparing to attack civil  aviation or similar targets.
"They thought people were there but they were not there,"  said one U.S. official familiar with the Obama administration's  plan.
This official and others spoke on condition of anonymity to  discuss the Sept. 22 airstrikes, many details of which are  classified.
The targets of the strikes were fighters from the Khorasan  Group, which is how the U.S. government refers to a cell of al  Qaeda veterans who had relocated to Syria from the  Afghanistan-Pakistan border region.
At the time of the strikes, Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm.  John Kirby said they were conducted to "disrupt imminent attack  plotting against the United States and Western targets."
Federal Bureau of Investigations director James Comey told  reporters on Sept. 25 that he was "not confident" that the plots  against the United States had been disrupted.
A White House spokesman declined to comment on the strikes'  effectiveness.
In the aftermath of the strikes, U.S. officials have dialed  back their warnings, saying that any planned attacks by Khorasan  may not have been imminent.
The U.S. government still maintains that the group is  sufficiently skilled and well armed to launch a surprise attack  against the West.
The sources who spoke about the strikes said that since the  raids apparently missed their main targets, Khorasan members are  likely still actively planning attacks.
The U.S. attack on the Khorasan Group's base was part of the  first night of air strikes that were launched in Syria last  month by the United States and allies. Subsequent strikes have  primarily targeted militants from Islamic State, which has  seized territory in Syria and Iraq.
The Khorasan base targeted in the strikes was part of a  larger encampment operated by the al Nusrah Front, al Qaeda's  designated affiliate in the region, near the northern Syrian  city of Aleppo, U.S. officials have said.
Some of the officials who disclosed the airstrikes' limited  impact said they blamed news leaks for helping tip off  Khorasan's leadership that it was in Washington's crosshairs.
U.S. media reports published in the two weeks before the  strikes disclosed the American government's concern about   Khorasan and Muhsin al Fadhli, one of the group's alleged  leaders. Previously, their names had not been widely used in  public.
"Discussion and speculation in the media about this group,  Khorasan, tempered expectations for what could be accomplished  in the strikes," said one of the sources, a U.S. intelligence  official.
Since the U.S. attacks, conflicting reports have circulated  on social media and elsewhere about whether al Fadhli was killed  in the air strikes. U.S. officials said on Friday they were not  sure if Fadhli was dead or if he had himself declared dead and  was still operating in the shadows.
The U.S. officials described Khorasan as a group of a few  dozen veteran militants who had fought with core al Qaeda forces  in such places as Afghanistan and Pakistan.
The group recently relocated to al Nusrah-controlled  territory in Syria because they regarded it as a safe haven  where they would have time and space to hatch plots. Khorasan is  playing no direct role in Syria's civil war, U.S. officials have  said.
To carry out attacks outside Syria, Khorasan's members built  or acquired explosives designed to evade Western security  measures, including airport checkpoints, U.S. security and  intelligence officials said.
In response, officials have said, U.S. authorities this  summer publicly ordered stepped-up security checks on devices  such as mobile phones and computers carried by passengers  boarding international flights to the United States.
Where Khorasan members acquired sophisticated bomb-making  skills is the subject of debate.
Some of the officials said the know-how came from al Qaeda's  Yemen-based affiliate, which has produced innovative devices in  the past, including bombs hidden in underwear and printer  cartridges.
But other officials said that the Yemen affiliate, al Qaeda  in the Arabian Peninsula, would not want to supply other groups  with its most advanced technology because it wanted sole credit  for designing and using it.     (Reporting by Mark Hosenball; Editing by Warren Strobel, Andrew  Hay, Toni Reinhold)
More:

Yes this is a profit making  dividend paying company. safer than many ...Silver Member
0 Follower
its great if it goes below 20... will give an opportunity to pick up an undervalued stock for supernormal returns....one has to have patience and look at valuations. If someone bought this stock @ 27/28 around 3- 5 years ago clearly it was relatively expensive on a P/B consideration - similarly 35-36 that happened a month or two back is about 1.5 times book which is the high end of valuation range for SIB -- so rather than blame the stock look at buying the business when it is relatively cheap - ideally at book and lower than book given that from pst parameters the cycle appears to be turning. The view of the investor should be to buy at 0.8 to 1 times book and sell at 1.5 to 2 times book .. don`t look at absolute prices - they are meaningless. Secondly about 50% of this stock is owned by investor ( PE funds / FII`s / HNI`s et all ) who have been with this business for some time -- so it is going down basis selling of the shares by small retail investors who are gutting out to chase hot momentum stocks - I am not saying thats wrong -- to each his own style... the returns could be vastly different...

Any stock that comes thus far in such a short time has to consolidate ...144 Followers
@ kanakbhai
you seem to be amongst the rare ones on this board to be bearish on the stock. specific reasons?
expect bad results? overbought? stock being puntered?
i have already said some time back,stocks wont move up before 13th october.
10.44 PM Oct 4th

I expect it to be in upper circuit on next trading day  the mgmt. wil...Platinum Member
64 Followers
I expect it to be in  upper circuit on next trading day, The mgmt. will give fantastic dewali gift. May be in form of stock split and/or Bonus.
6.32 AM Oct 5th

Chinese incursions during President Xi Jinping s visits a mystery: IAF chief5
0
New Delhi: The Indian Air Force (IAF) chief, Air Marshal Arup Raha said on Saturday that it was "mysterious" how border incursions take place during high-profile visits.
"It is always mysterious... the way incursions get timed with visits," Raha said responding to a question in the recent incursion by Chinese troops in Ladakh.
"In diplomacy, there is little of signalling done but I am not going to guess. The questions that arises is why the incursion took place when the senior-most leader of their country's hierarchy was here," said Raha, who is also the chairman of Chiefs of Staffs Committee (COSC) told reporters at the annual press conference ahead of Air Force Day on October 8.
Chinese soldiers intruded into Indian territory in Chumar area of Ladakh last month while President Xi Jinping was in India on a three-day visit.
#chinese incursion #china #xi jinping #india
He, however, did not name any leader.
Chinese soldiers intruded into Indian territory in Chumar area of Ladakh last month while President Xi Jinping was here on a three-day visit. The issue was raised by Prime Minister Narendra Modi with the Chinese president, and the two sides announced that they would settle the festering boundary issue as soon as possible.
The military stand-off ended earlier this week and both sides have now withdrawn their troops.
2

Eight MBA aspirants pursuing mgmt studies  but not for cushy jobsEight unusual MBA aspirants pursuing management studies, but not for cushy jobs
T V Mahalingam, ET Bureau Oct 5, 2014, 06.45AM IST
Tags:
career
(These youth are not pursuing…)
Ten years ago, if you had chucked a stone in the campuses of India's premier Bschools, chances are it would have hit a student with a BTech degree. If you were to do the same experiment today, the likeliness of the stone finding a doctor, a former soldier, an aspiring politician, a fashion designer or even a journalist is pretty high.
Today, the buzzword in B-schools, like in Indian Inc, is diversity. "During the selection, aspirants are not only evaluated on the basis of their leadership potential, academic background and work experience but also on the value they add in terms of diversity," says Munish Sapra, senior director of admissions at the Indian School of Business (ISB).
As one-year management programmes for professionals with work experience have become popular, B-schools have begun to focus on increasing the diversity of the batches to maximize peer-to-peer learning. This has also meant that students are looking at different outcomes. In the past, an MBA was the stepping stone to a consulting job with a fat pay packet. But, that's not the case these days — not always. Registrations for CAT, the admission test for IIMs, have fallen to a seven-year low despite the number of seats (and IIMs) increasing. Whilst this could be a sign of the MBA degree losing its lustre, it perhaps could also indicate that the IIMs are keener these days to take in non-engineering students. After all, starting a new venture or pursuing a passion as a career is the flavour of the season.
ET Magazine met several students across India's top B-schools who are doing exactly that. They have unusual resumes or have switched tracks to do interesting things before they pursued an MBA. What made them do so? And where do they plan to go after they are done with their education?
A doctor from Pathankot who wants to set up his own hospital, a student who used to handle the social media campaign for Narendra Modi's prime ministerial campaign, a visually challenged student who wants to become a science evangelist are some of the people we spoke to. These youth are not pursuing an MBA as a means to bag a cushy corporate job but to add value to the interesting things they have already done. Read on:
BoP CRUSADER
Medha Dixit, 31
STUDYING AT: IIM-Ahmedabad
BEFORE THAT: A computer science engineering graduate; worked in IT before switching to the not-for-profit sector
WHAT NEXT: Return to the not-for-profit sector and serve bottom-of-the-pyramid customers
AAt first blush, she appears the conventional MBA aspirant - an engineer, from the Army Institute of Technology, Pune, who has worked for four and a half years across diverse functions like IT, business development and marketing in a number of big companies and banks, including ICICI.
It's after those four and a half years that the resume begins looking less predictable. In 2011, five years after pocketing the engineering degree, Dixit joined Teach for India, an education not-for-profit. For two years she worked full-time as a teacher in a low-income school in Dadar, in the heart of Mumbai. That was followed by a stint at Acumen, a non-profit venture fund that raises philanthropic capital to invest in social enterprises. "I managed the launch of Acumen's leadership development programme for outstanding social entrepreneurs and change-makers. This involved leading the recruitment strategy, administration, selection and candidate evaluation for over 450 entrepreneurs across India," says Dixit. It made for a great education, she recalls. "The biggest learning was that businesses serving customers at the base of the pyramid can be highly innovative in their approach, scalable, as well as financially sustainable."
Take the case of the Bihar-based Husk Power systems (HPS), which Acumen invested in. The company provides power to thousands of rural Indians by converting agricultural residue (rice husk, grass etc) into electricity. "It is a low-cost solution that offers customers savings of at least 30% and allows for usage of a cleaner energy source over diesel and kerosene," explains Dixit. Also, the bio-char left behind from the use of rice husk is used for the production of incense sticks, providing employment to hundreds of rural women.
An army brat hailing from Lucknow, Dixit sees herself being associated with the development sector after her course at IIM-A. "I find work in the development sector extremely meaningful and stimulating. I am keen to work in this sector and the knowledge and expertise gained during my MBA course at IIM-A will help sharpen my skills," says Dixit. "Working to serve customers at the bottom of the pyramid and enhancing growth opportunities in the development sector require a more innovative and professional management approach," she sums up.
  EPIPHANY IN SURINAME

Dummy stun-grenade found on Air India plane  Govt orders probe  2 officials suspendedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Voters  loyalties put to test after BJP-Sena & Cong-NCP splitsAjit Pawar
(In the run-up to Maha polls…)
BARAMATI, KARAD SOUTH, CHIPLUN: It has been just less then four days since the two main political alliances in Maharashtra have broken ahead of the assembly election on October 15 when we reach Baramati, the Pawar family fiefdom in Pune district of western Maharashtra.
Naturally, the city is yet to be gripped by political fervour. There are no posters or banners carrying candidates' oversized visages, and not too many campaign vehicles with speakers hollering their praises.
But as we stop for tea, it is evident that people can't have enough of discussing the election as a group intersperses its conversation with glances at their newspapers and slurpy sips of tea. "Is baar toh maza aayega," says one of them, alluding to the challenge posed to the Pawars' Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) from three other major parties — its former partner, the Congress, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Shiv Sena.
Pawar Power
The new political scenario does not bother Kiran Gujar, a Pawar family aide in Baramati, which is on the state's sugar belt. "Other parties just put up candidates for the heck of it. None of them stands a chance of winning. Everyone knows that," he says, smiling.
Hyperbole aside, it seems a herculean task to dislodge the Pawars here. Sharad Pawar, co-founder of the NCP and a Maratha strongman, and his nephew and till recently deputy chief minister of the state, Ajit Pawar, have held the Baramati assembly seat for a staggering 47 years (Ajit has won since 1991).
In the past two elections, in 2004 and 2009, Ajit, referred to as 'Dada', got over two-thirds of the votes. His cousin and Pawar's daughter, Supriya Sule, won the Baramati Lok Sabha constituency in 2009 and 2014, after her father vacated the seat he had held since 1991 for the Madha constituency.
The confidence in Gujar's tone wanes when asked if he was as so sure before the alliances broke, as he admits that the NCP would have not had as easy a ride to victory had the BJP and the Shiv Sena stuck together.
According to him, the Pawars, who wield significant influence over western Maharashtra's sugar co-operatives, have a tradition of not canvassing in their constituency, returning only on the last day of campaigning after filing their nomination.
Balasaheb Gawde, the BJP candidate in Baramati, is certain of his win, thanks to his alliance partners, Vinayak Mete's Shiv Sangram, a Maratha organization; Ramdas Athavale's Republican Party of India, a Dalit party; Mahadev Jankar's Rashtriya Samaj Paksha, an other backward classes (OBC)-scheduled tribes (ST) party; and Raju Shetti's Swabhimani Paksha, whose vote bank is farmers. The Shiv Sena, which was part of the 'Mahayuti' till last week, is now fighting it alone.
While steering Marathas, the largest community in the region, away from the NCP in Baramati may not be easy, the BJPled combine will look to tap into the votes of the Dhangar community (shepherds).
  Along with the Modi factor, Dhangars played a key role in Jankar, who belongs to that community, giving a scare to Sule in the 2014 general election, bringing down Sule's victory margin to just 70,000 votes from 3.37 lakh votes in 2009.
Besides caste, water scarcity is the biggest issue in the election. Baramati could be the envy of small cities across the country in that it has a 130-acre campus with schools, engineering, law and biotechnology colleges run by the Pawars' Vidya Pratishthan, and also companies like Bharat Forge in the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) cluster.
The villages near Baramati, however, are a different story. Ramesh Kupwal, a resident of Supa village, says more than half of the 117 villages in the constituency are dry:
"We get water only during the election. Forget water for land, there is no water for household use." Sugarcane, a waterguzzling crop, accounts for over a fourth of the total farm land.
A drive through the villages is enough to illustrate the magnitude of the scarcity. Almost every house has three to four water cans of different sizes and, in some cases, a large tank in which the residents fill the water they get once in three days. Ajit's opponents, including Shiv Sena's Rajendra Kale and Akash More of the Congress, are likely to bring up Ajit's remarks in Indapur, near Baramati, in April 2013, in response to a Solapur farmer's strike, demanding more water.
"If there is no water in the dam, how can we release it? Should we urinate into it? If there is no water to drink, even urination is not possible," Ajit had said. He later apologised for the remark.
They also allude to allegations of corruption in the awarding of irrigation projects against Ajit during his term as water resources minister which forced him to resign as deputy CM in 2012; he was reinstated a few weeks later after a white paper denied these allegations. Ajit has a tougher fight on his hands than usual but he is still very much the man to beat in Baramati.
Chavan's Challenges

It is certain multibagger.looks better than r-power interms of future....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Wait for elections the deal will go through.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I appreciate your optimistic view.it is certain that ds company has go...Gold Member
28 Followers
Ready For Up Ward Journey From Here 1 St TGt 42/= 2nd 62/= 3rd 72/= 4th 92/= With in 6 Months  Modi ji ka Vision Power & Energy 2nd Vision Infra ab Blast ho Jayega  Shorter Short Kare Bulls Buy Bare For 6 Months Without any Loss  Keep Pateince
4.02 PM Sep 30th

One should have patience. i sold hester bio(@15) by listening to advic...Silver Member
74 Followers
One should have patience. I sold Hester bio(@15) by listening to advices and opted Ankur drugs in 2005.Today Hester bio is at 475 and Ankur drug has been delisted. NET LOSS is few lakhs on investment of few thousands.Wait and watch this Arl will oneday start trading above 3 digit.
7.18 AM Oct 5th

Tatkal tickets on dynamic pricing system  fares to go upTatkal tickets on dynamic pricing system, fares to go up
PTI
Normal tatkal fare for 50% of the total tickets available. After selling 50% tatkal tickets, Railways will keep increasing the fare with the sale of tickets.
New Delhi, Oct 2:  
In a move that could be described as "festival dampener", the rates of the tatkal tickets will go up with the Railways deciding to sell 50 per cent of the quota tickets using dynamic fare system.
"It has been decided that 50 per cent of the existing tatkal quota ticket shall be sold under dynamic fare scheme," said a senior Railway Ministry official.
After booking of the first 50 per cent of the tatkal quota under the present tatkal scheme, the subsequent 50 per cent of the tatkal quota, defined as premium tatkal quota shall be issued on dynamic pricing which means more the demand, more the price.
The 'Premium Tatkal Ticket scheme' became operational in 80 trains from October 1 and is available only for online bookings.
"All zones have been asked to identify five popular trains in their respective zone," said the official.
There is a tremendous rush for tickets during the festive season as passengers prefer to travel to their home towns for celebrating Dusshera and Diwali.
However, railways has described the scheme as a preventive measure to deal with the menace of touts.
"There were reports of genuine passengers being fleeced by touts. This will help facilitating needy passengers to get tickets," the official said.
The scheme, applicable on selected trains, will increase the prices of tatkal tickets and as an end result the train fare.
Under the scheme, passengers will have to pay normal tatkal fare for 50 per cent of the total tickets available.
But for subsequent 10 per cent tickets, 20 per cent more will be charged which means after selling 50 per cent of tatkal tickets, the national transporter will keep increasing the fare with the sale of tickets.
For example, if there are 60 seats available in third AC coach of any train, then 30 tickets will be sold on normal tatkal fare. Out of rest 30 tickets, 10 per cent or nearly 3 tickets will be sold on 20 per cent increased fare.
Again, out of 27 remaining seats, it will cost 20 per cent higher cost. Similarly, the charges will keep on rising with ever sale of ticket.
The Railways is also running three Premium trains on dynamic fare system.
The Railways had increased tatkal charges last year in April by ten per cent of the basic fare for reserved second class sitting and 30 per cent of basic fare for all other classes.
(This article was published on October 2, 2014)
Related

Sarita Devi should have skipped Asian Games medals ceremony  she behaved badly: Mary Kom24
0
Asian Games gold-medal winner MC Mary Kom on Saturday said though she is sorry for what happened with her fellow boxer L Sarita Devi at Incheon, nothing can be done about it and that she could have behaved better at the medal distribution ceremony.
Upset at her controversial defeat in the semi-finals, Sarita refused to wear her bronze medal and even gave it to the South Korean who beat her in the semis, which didn't please the game's governing body that threatened to take action against Sarita.
"We were very sorry for her [Sarita], but we are helpless, can't do anything. It would be great if this [unfair judgement] does not happen in future," Mary Kom told CNN-IBN on Saturday.
#asian games 2014 #asian games #mary kom #sarita devi
But Mary Kom didn't support Sarita's behaviour at the podium. "If she did not want to take the medal, it would have been good that she did not go for the medal ceremony. Little upset with her behaviour at medal ceremony. The judges did everything, the [South Korean] boxer did not know anything about this," she said.
However, on her return home, Sarita offered an "unconditional apology" for her behaviour.
In a statement issued, the International Boxing Association (AIBA) said that the disappointed boxer has regretted her actions.
"The Head of the Indian Mission at the Incheon Asian Games 2014, Mr Adille J Sumariwalla, has forwarded to the President of the International Boxing Association, Dr Ching-Kuo Wu, a letter of apology of woman boxer Sarita Laishram Devi (57-60kg) who had refused to receive the bronze medal at the Award Ceremony for the 17th Asian Games," the AIBA said in a statement.
"Mrs Devi expressed 'an unconditional apology' for her 'emotional outburst' at the ceremony yesterday, writing that 'I regret and apologise. Such an incident will never reoccur in the future'," it added.
Her medal was reinstated on Friday after a hearing by the Olympic Council of Asia during which the Indian delegation expressed regrets over the incident.
43

Kerala: FIR filed against singer Yesudas for his remarks on women wearing jeans140
0
Thiruvananthapuram: An FIR has been filed on Saturday against the music legend KJ Yesudas on his women wearing jeans remarks.
On Thursday sparking a controversy, Yesudas resented women wearing jeans, saying this went against Indian culture.
"Women should not cause trouble to others by wearing jeans. What should be covered should be covered," Yesudas said at a function organised by a voluntary organisation in connection with the Gandhi Jayanti celebrations.
The 74-year-old singer said this kind of dress went against Indian culture which valued simplicity and amiability as the greatest qualities of women.
Taking exception to the singer's comment, Mahila Congress activists took out a protest march in the city.
"This is a totally unacceptable view. This could be seen only as a transgression on the freedom of women," Mahila Congress leader Bindu Krishna said.
"Yesudas is a great singer and all Indians are proud of his contribution to music. It is unfortunate that this sort of an anti-woman comment has come from him," she added.
189

Maharashtra CEO seeks Congress s reply on TV ad  depicting  Prithviraj Chavan as CMOct 04, 2014 at 09:49pm IST
Maharashtra CEO seeks Congress's reply on TV ad 'depicting' Prithviraj Chavan as CM
10
0
Mumbai: The Chief Electoral Officer of Maharashtra has sought clarification from the state unit Congress committee (MPCC) on complaints regarding a television advertisement purportedly depicting Prithviraj Chavan as chief minister even though the state is currently under President's rule.
The state Chief Electoral Officer Nitin Gadre said that he had received complaints about the television advertisement. "...So we have asked the state Congress to clarify on the objections," he said on Saturday.
The Assembly election for all 288 seats in the state will be held on October 15 and counting of votes on October 19.
President's rule was clamped on the state after the NCP snapped its ties with the Congress reducing the Chavan government to minority.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #prithviraj chavan #congress
When contacted, state Congress spokesman Anant Gadgil said that the advertisement, currently being aired on television, was prepared before the state was brought under the President's Rule.
"The advertisement does not say that Chavan is chief minister, but only shows Chavan's signature where the word-- chief minister--is mentioned," Gadgil said, adding that, "We will examine if electoral rules are violated and take corrective steps."
Shiv Sena candidate Ravindra Waikar, who is contesting from Jogeshwari (East) constituency in suburban Mumbai, had demanded that the airing of the advertisement showing Chavan as chief minister, be stopped.
Similarly, the electoral office had received two more complaints in this regard.
President's rule was clamped on the state last Sunday after the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) snapped its 15-year-old ties with the Congress reducing the Prithviraj Chavan government to minority.
2

Living it up: Prevent gym injuriesJharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

http://usat.ly/Z2K3MBTalk about tight credit: Even Bernanke rebuffed
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke says even he was unable to refinance his mortgage recently.
Post to Facebook
Talk about tight credit: Even Bernanke rebuffed Former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke says even he was unable to refinance his mortgage recently. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vBxGUF
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Talk about tight credit: Even Bernanke rebuffed
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 6:17 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
Even former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke had trouble refinancing his mortgage.
(Photo: Michelle Siu, The Canadian Press, via AP)
300 CONNECT 52 TWEET 47 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Former Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke oversaw the mortgage market until early this year, but even he couldn't refinance his home loan.
At a conference in Chicago on Thursday, Bernanke told moderator Mark Zandi of Moody's Analytics, "I recently tried to refinance my mortgage and I was unsuccessful in doing so," according to Bloomberg News.
The audience chuckled, prompting Bernanke to say: "I'm not making that up."
He added, "I think it's entirely possible" that lenders "have gone a little bit too far on mortgage credit conditions,"  Bloomberg reported.
Bernanke was speaking at a conference of the National Investment Center for Seniors Housing and Care.
Since leaving the Fed chief in January, Bernanke has been a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and is now writing a book on the Fed and the Great Recession.
In an interview, Zandi said many qualified borrowers can't get mortgages if they don't have wage income. "I think the credit box is too tight," he said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vBxGUF
USA NOW
Boy with toy gun shot and killed by Cleveland Police
Nov 24, 2014

Comparison with aug 14 --------------------- domestic (sept 14) sr.no....1 SCV 33 106.63 97.88
2 LCV 1,115 8,419.81 7,692.38
3 UV & SUV 996 5,384.28 4,453.01
4 TRACTOR 517 `t,899.70 1,897.3
Aug 14
1) SCB (43) 2)  LCV (1151) 3)UV and SUV   (268)   4)Tractor   (282)
Sp LCV/ UV/SUV and Tractor has gone up pretty significant..
Exports and production has shot up too
I need more experienced veterans to compare this against bench mark and see where it is heading but all I can see is up, up............
7.58 AM Oct 5th

we were not talking of my knowledge-n-anal-y-sis but yours.despite his "regular" postings encouraging Minority Public(MP)
to get out, no MP is getting out bec their shareholding remains
constant around 2.5%. The volumes with high delivery seem only
circular trading of many many transactions of smaller qtys between
AA`s agents; such small qty transactions donot qualify as `bulk"
and therefore are UNREPORTED so one can not find who is buying
and who is selling. Stay invested; someday AA himself is going to
get tired trying break out spirits and find out his wealth has
not grown either.But do any boarder think following:
1)AA has already covered the $7bn cost of his investment in Cairn
by various fradulent stealing etc from the company??
Like:reporting FOREX losses (instead of gains)??;
high CAPEX 20 times OVERinvoiced thru associates in Dubai etc something lke CBI dir recently said about some companies??
I`ve been saying this in ET for past ten years though.
3) There was an item of Rs11,000 cr sometime back in balance
sheet P/L account: was that stealing too?
4) other expenses similarly OVERinflatted?
5) Cosolidated sales seem to be static for past several years
while output from S.African gas fields may be full stream;
is he stealing the gas outright from there by bribing south african politicians/officials??
7.47 AM Oct 2nd

I think the sureshot guy......valine got redflagged for misguiding.......15 Followers
Reposted about 47 days 23 hrs 34 min 56 sec ago by sandy3126
I think the sureshot guy......valine got redflagged for misguiding....was telling from long his calls are fully wrong.....next his best friends number...raj2009

Up close and personalPredators of the deep
(James RD Scott/Getty)
Under a darkening Florida sky, with lightning flashing in the distance, we rode our 46ft dive boat away from Ft Lauderdale’s strip of beach hotels, on a mission to find the animals that most humans fear.
Leading our expedition was Derek Burkholder, an imposing, barefoot encyclopaedia of shark biology and a research associate at the Nova Southeastern University’s Guy Harvey Research Institute . Under his direction – and through a new periodic weekend offering at the Westin Beach Resort and Spa – we were participating in a new study that aims to protect the sharks off Florida’s eastern coast; catching the animals, fixing them with identification tags, taking tissue samples and returning them unharmed – though possibly irritated – to the ocean.
Related video: Swimming with sharks in Mexico 
Personally, I hate boats. I hate the seasick feeling that settles in about half an hour into a trip. I hate the clouds of diesel exhaust. I hate being trapped on a rolling, pitching craft until the captain decides to return to shore.
But for a good cause, I was willing to endure a certain amount of nausea. As a newspaper reporter in South Florida, I've written dozens of stories about sharks. I’ve covered attacks – a kite boarder killed by a bull or tiger shark, a woman attacked while floating on an inner tube, a diver in the Bahamas suffering a fatal leg bite – but the score has been sharply in favour of humans, who kill an estimated 100 million sharks every year. They die as accidental by-catch on commercial fishing gear and they're caught for their valuable fins – sometimes hacked off while they're still alive – to make shark fin soup, considered a delicacy in China. About one-fourth of the world's sharks and rays are threatened with extinction.
"For the last couple of decades, they had a really bad reputation because of [the movie] Jaws," said Sonja Fordham, president of Shark Advocates International . "There have been some terrific advances in shark conservation over the past 20 years. You see kids getting more and more fascinated with them, like they do with dinosaurs. But that doesn't mean we have all the protections in place. For the most part, sharks are still in deep trouble, and we need to channel that fascination into sound policy."
As a slow-to-mature species, sharks give birth to few young and can't easily recover from years of industrial-scale fishing. And even though Florida, a leader in shark conservation, has banned the killing of 25 shark species, including the sandbar, dusky, lemon, tiger and great hammerhead, many of these species migrate thousands of miles, so a shark protected by state or even national laws could end up on a hook someplace else.
Burkholder’s plan was to set out 10 baited hooks marked by red buoys, let them sit for an hour and then check for sharks, using the collected data to establish exactly which species live where, at what depths and at what times of year, as well as what they eat and how far they travel over the course of their lives. The hooks, fist-sized arcs of stainless steel, are too big to catch anything else.
"This gear is designed to be as healthy for the shark as can be," Burkholder said. "We are going to hook them, but only in a way that doesn't hurt the shark."
(Andrew Milne Photography)
Like most stretches of ocean, the waters off southeast Florida have seen few systematic studies on the dozens of shark species that live there. Bull sharks, lemon sharks, great hammerheads and several others prowl the coral reefs near shore, often seen by snorkelers and divers. Tiger sharks and the occasional great white and whale shark can be seen farther out to sea. Vast swarms of blacktips migrate along the coast, coming close enough to prompt lifeguards to whistle swimmers out of the water. In the 12 expeditions Burkholder had led so far, he and his usual corps of graduate students had obtained data on 59 sharks.

Photos: Modi  Manmohan  Sonia join Dussehra celebrationsEYE BROWSE
Modi, Manmohan, Sonia join Dussehra celebrations
Former Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh, Congress President Sonia Gandhi on Friday shared the dais with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Pranab Mukherjee at Dussehra celebrations near the historic Red Fort in New Delhi.
At the Subhash Maidan, they witnessed the burning of the effigies of demons - Ravana, Meghnath and Kumbhakarna.
Vice President Hamid Ansari and Union Health Minister Dr. Harsh Vardhan were also present at the venue.
As part of tradition, 'Ramlila' is enacted over nine days to depict the life of Lord Ram. The festivities culminate on the tenth day called Vijay Dashami or Dussehra.
The final episode of the Ramlila, which takes place before the effigies are burnt, depicts the battle between Lord Rama, and Ravana. At most of the venues, the battle is a visual treat with all the action and use of special effects.(Agencies)
Gallery View:Modi, Manmohan, Sonia join Dussehra celebrations

Blame game over Patna stampede  BJP wants CM Manjhi to quitThe Dussehra-day stampede which killed 33 people in Patna  has set off a blame game with opposition BJP and other party leaders holding the state government responsible.
  
Play Pause
Family of injured victims weep outside a hospital where the stampede victims were admitted. PTI Photo
An aerial view of the crowd gathered during the Dussehra celebrations at Gandhi maidan in Patna on Friday. PTI Photo
An injured woman is carried on a stretcher to a hospital for treatment in Patna on Friday. AP
People stand near footwears of stampede victims during Dussehra function at Gandhi Maidan in Patna on Friday. PTI Photo
A woman takes an injured kid to hospital after a stampede during Dussehra celebrations at Gandhi Maidan in Patna on Friday. PTI
Police personnel takes a victim to hospital after a stampede during Dussehra celebrations at Gandhi Maidan in Patna on Friday. PTI Photo
Union ministers Ravi Shankar Prasad and  Ram Vilas Paswan demanded the resignation of chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi, saying the tragedy happened because the administration had no system in place.
Describing the tragedy as "regrettable and shameful", Ravi Shankar Prasad said the state government miserably failed to learn from past incidents.
Read: ‘Poor lighting led to the tragedy'
"There was a stampede during Chhath puja in 2012 and bomb explosions during Narendra Modi's rally in October last year. Still no proper arrangements were made," he said.
Prasad said the Centre would extend all help to the state government to deal with the situation. "I have already spoken to home minister Rajnath Singh and health minister Harsh Vardhan. A team of NDRF has already left for Patna to assist the state administration," he added.
Union minister Ram Vilas Paswan, hitting out at the JD(U) government said: "There was no security, no lighting, one gate was open while more than five lakh people were present there and the police were there only to rain lathis on the hapless people."
"This is not the first time it has happened. The state government is insensitive and solely responsible for this.  It took hours for them to react. I will submit a report to Union home minister and the prime minister once I return," he said.
Watch: Patna stampede toll rises to 33, centre seeks report
Even RJD leader Lalu Prasad who supports the Manjhi government said it was an "administrative lapse" and that there were no foolproof crowd control measures despite past incidents.
"The Gandhi Maidan stampede appears to be a matter of administrative lapse ( sic).  Stern action should be taken against officials found guilty. I am keeping a watch over the event," Prasad tweeted.
Prasad said the RJD had been demanding the boundary wall of the Gandhi Maidan should be lowered and that there should be more entry and exit points to the grounds.
The Bihar government  meanwhile constituted a two man committee consisting of  principal home secretary Amir Shubhani and additional director general, headquarters Gupteshwar Pandey to probe the reasons for the stampede.
The investigation report will be submitted to the government and the ministry of home affairs within 24 hours, officials said.
Read: Lessons learnt and unlearnt from stampedes
Patna MP Shatrughan Sinha criticised the district administration for improper preparations and demanded an impartial probe  to bring the guilty to book.
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Tariq Anwar too demanded strict action against the officials responsible for the stampede.
JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav assured strict action against those responsible. "The incident will be probed and those found guilty of laxity and carelessness will face strong action," he said.
Thirty three people were killed, all of them due to suffocation, and 29 others injured in the stampede that happened towards the end of the Dussehra day celebrations on Friday evening.
Of the dead, 21 were women, 10 were minors and two men, according to the list available at the Patna Medical College Hospital.

WATCH: Unlikely Hero Steps In Orioles  Come-From-Behind WinDelmon Young Is The Orioles' Unlikely Hero In Come-From-Behind Win Over Tigers (VIDEO)
 | By                                                                DAVID GINSBURG
reddit
BALTIMORE (AP) — Down by three runs in the eighth inning, the Baltimore Orioles had every reason to believe they could rally against the Tigers.
Not only because the Orioles are capable of scoring in bunches, but more importantly, they were going up against Detroit's leaky bullpen.
Delmon Young drove in three runs with a pinch-hit double, and Baltimore used a four-run eighth to pull out a 7-6 victory Friday for a 2-0 lead in the best-of-five AL Division Series.
Baltimore will try for a sweep in Game 3 Sunday at Detroit, when Miguel Gonzalez starts against the Tigers' third straight Cy Young winner, David Price.
"It's huge going into Detroit up 2-0," said J.J. Hardy, who scored the go-ahead run with a sweeping slide. "We've got to go over there and do our job."
A day after the Orioles battered Detroit relievers during an eight-run eighth that produced a 12-3 win, they pushed the Tigers to the brink of elimination with an uprising against the beleaguered duo of Joba Chamberlain and Joakim Soria — the primary victims on Thursday night.
It was 6-3 with one out in the eighth when Chamberlain hit Adam Jones with a pitch and gave up a single to Nelson Cruz. Steve Pearce singled in a run, and the towel-waving, orange-clad fans among the sellout crowd of 48,058 sensed another comeback win by a team that won 10 games during the regular season during its final at-bat.
Soria entered and walked Hardy to load the bases for Young, who lined the first pitch into the left-field corner.
"We did it yesterday, we've been doing it all year against teams in our own division," Young said. "So any time we have an opportunity and get guys on, we think we can win."
Young went 10 for 20 as a pinch-hitter during the regular season. He also was the AL championship series MVP in 2012 — for the Tigers — when they swept the Yankees.
"It's very hard to sit around and not know where the consistent at-bats are coming," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "He has done the things that you need to do to give yourself a chance to be successful."
In the top of the eighth, baserunning was a key point. Miguel Cabrera was thrown out at the plate when he tried to score right behind Torii Hunter on Victor Martinez's double with no outs.
"I was watching the play develop and hoping they both would make it," Tigers manager Brad Ausmus said.
Zach Britton got three straight outs for the save.
Soria wound up with the loss, but Chamberlain took the blame.
"This one is on me. There's no getting around it," he said. "Obviously, if I don't put us in that situation, then we're having a different conversation."
The defeat left Detroit's bid to reach the ALCS for a fourth straight year in serious jeopardy. The Tigers wasted home runs by J.D. Martinez and Nick Castellanos, along with a solid start by Justin Verlander.
"We're 0-2. We understand it," Ausmus said. "It doesn't really affect us playing Game 3. If you win Game 3, you go on to Game 4."
Rooted on by girlfriend Kate Upton, Verlander left in the sixth with a 5-3 lead. Unless the Tigers stage a comeback, it was his last outing of the season.
"This is frustrating. This isn't easy," he said. "I don't think anybody's walking out of this clubhouse feeling great, but you've got to stay positive. We win two games and the pressure is squarely back on these guys."
Brad Brach got the win, getting two outs in the eighth after Kevin Gausman allowed one run and three hits in 3 2-3 innings.
Detroit trailed 2-0 before peeling off five straight hits against Wei-Yin Chen. Hunter singled, Cabrera doubled and Victor Martinez delivered an RBI single.
J.D. Martinez and Castellanos followed with consecutive home runs, the second day in a row that Detroit's done it.
Chen lasted only three more batters in his shortest outing since June 28 and left down 5-2.
Baltimore got a run back in the bottom half with a two-out RBI single by Hardy, and the Orioles turned a 5-4-3 double play against Cabrera in the fifth that began with a diving stop by Ryan Flaherty.
Nelson Cruz led off the sixth with a single to chase Verlander, and Anibal Sanchez held the lead through the seventh.
After that, however, Detroit's bullpen crumbled.
"Anytime you can go into the eighth inning winning by three like that, you have all the confidence in the world with Joba going out there," J.D. Martinez said. "But unfortunately it just didn't happen today."
The game started shortly after noon, and the boisterous crowd had plenty of enthusiasm left from the night before.
The volume decreased, however, after Verlander began mowing down a potent lineup that one night earlier banged out 12 hits in a lopsided victory.
He retired the first eight batters before Jonathan Schoop bounced a single up the middle. Nick Markakis then hit a 3-2 pitch off the roof of the grounds crew enclosure in right field.
A replay confirmed the drive as a home run, ending Verlander's 32-inning scoreless streak in the ALDS. Markakis' first homer off the right-hander in 50 career at-bats came on Verlander's 50th pitch.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Tigers: CF Rajai Davis (pelvic strain) was replaced in the fourth inning by a pinch-runner.
"It tightened up on him coming out of the box," Ausmus said.
UP NEXT
Tigers: Price owns a lifetime record of 7-3 against the Orioles. Cruz is 7 for 19 (.368) with two homers against the left-hander.
Orioles: Gonzalez will make his second career postseason start Sunday. He's 0-2 with a 9.00 ERA in three lifetime starts against Detroit.
J.J. Hardy made a nifty slide home, touching the plate with his hand barely ahead of the tag, for the go-ahead run. A Camden Yards crowd that saw the O's fall behind Justin Verlander 5-2 in the early going erupted in an orange wave.
Now Baltimore will try for a sweep in Game 3 Sunday at Detroit, when Miguel Gonzalez starts against the Tigers' third straight Cy Young winner in David Price.
A day after the Orioles battered Detroit relievers while scoring eight runs in the eighth for a 12-3 win, they came back from a three-run deficit.
Orioles fans cheered when Joba Chamberlain came in to pitch the eighth with a 6-3 lead — the crowd knew that Detroit's bullpen was beleaguered.
Chamberlain hit Adam Jones with a pitch and gave up a single to Nelson Cruz, setting up Steve Pearce's RBI single.
Joakim Soria entered and walked J.J. Hardy to load the bases for Young.
Young quickly cleared them with a liner into the left-field corner. J.D. Martinez bobbled the carom for an instant, and Hardy never broke stride in scoring.
Young went 10 for 20 as a pinch hitter during the regular season. He also was the AL championship series MVP in 2012 — for the Tigers — when they swept the Yankees.
In the top of the eighth, baserunning also was a key point. Miguel Cabrera was thrown out at the plate when he tried to score on Victor Martinez's RBI double with no outs.
Zach Britton got three straight outs for the save.
Soria wound up with the loss.
The defeat left Detroit's bid to reach the ALCS for a fourth straight year in serious jeopardy. The Tigers wasted home runs by J.D. Martinez and Nick Castellanos, along with a solid start by Verlander.
Rooted on by girlfriend Kate Upton, Verlander left in the sixth with a 5-3 lead. He appeared to try to talk first-year manager Brad Ausmus out of being pulled.
Brad Brach got the win, getting two outs in the eighth after Kevin Gausman allowed one run and three hits in 3 2-3 innings.
Detroit trailed 2-0 before peeling off five straight hits against Wei-Yin Chen. Torii Hunter singled, Cabrera doubled and Victor Martinez delivered an RBI single.
J.D. Martinez and Castellanos hit consecutive home runs, the second day in a row that Detroit's done it.
Chen lasted only three more batters in his shortest outing since June 28 and left down 5-2.
Baltimore got a run back in the bottom half with a two-out RBI single by Hardy, and the Orioles turned a nifty 5-4-3 double play against Cabrera in the fifth that began with a diving stop by Ryan Flaherty.
Nelson Cruz led off the sixth with a single to chase Verlander. Anibal Sanchez entered, and Cruz advanced on a groundout. But that turned out to be the first of six straight batters that Sanchez retired.
Sanchez had pitched only one inning since Aug. 8 while recovering from a pectoral strain. He led the AL in ERA last year and had been another starter for the Tigers before getting hurt.
The game started shortly after noon, and the sellout crowd of 48,058 had plenty of enthusiasm left from the night before.
The volume decreased, however, after Verlander began mowing down a potent lineup that one night earlier banged out 12 hits in a lopsided victory.
He retired the first eight batters before Jonathan Schoop bounced a single up the middle. Nick Markakis then hit a 3-2 pitch off the roof of the grounds crew enclosure in right field.
A replay confirmed the drive as a home run, ending Verlander's 32-inning scoreless streak in the ALDS. Markakis' first homer off the right-hander in 50 career at-bats came on Verlander's 50th pitch.
The lead didn't last past the next half inning.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Tigers: The saga of CF Rajai Davis (pelvic strain) took a downturn when he was replaced in the fourth inning by a pinch-runner. The reason for his departure was announced only as "tightness."
UP NEXT
Tigers: Price owns a lifetime record of 7-3 against the Orioles. Cruz is 7 for 19 (.368) with two homers against the left-hander.
Orioles: Gonzalez will make his second career postseason start Sunday, looking for a suitable encore to his performance in 2012 against New York (7 innings, 1 run). He's 0-2 with a 9.00 ERA in three lifetime starts against Detroit.
Related on HuffPost:

First Dengue death in Delhi this season  8-yr-old diesComments
8-year-old Rishi Qaddafi died of dengue on Friday becoming the first confirmed case to succumb to the mosquito-borne infection in 2014.
The Srinagar-resident was admitted to Sir Ganga Ram Hospital on September 28 with high fever. The child had leukaemia, a type of blood cancer, for which he was being treated since birth.
In 2014, 98 cases of dengue have been reported in Delhi till September 27, with the number of cases rising by 30% each week over the past fortnight. The recorded cases were 75 till September 20.
Read: Dengue may prove fatal for people with diabetes, cancer
There have been no deaths in 2014.
This year, most cases have been reported from South Delhi, shows data from the South Delhi Municipal Corporation. To date, the confirmed cases are 18 (north corporation), 39 (south corporation) and 13 (east corporation), 15 cases from outer Delhi and 13 from neighbouring states.
In 2013, Delhi had 5,574 cases and six deaths.

Empty grenade in PMs standby plane  AI and NSG launch probesComments
A dummy stun grenade was found on Saturday aboard an Air India Boeing 747 aircraft, one of two standby planes for Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent US visit.
As it turned out, the fake grenade had been used by the National Security Guard (NSG) for an ‘aircraft intervention drill’ a day after the PM’s departure, when the plane was released for commercial use and flown to Mumbai.
But given that such a lapse took place on an aircraft that was to serve as a replacement for Air India One if the need arose, the incident has exposed a gaping hole in the country’s aviation safety.
After its release to Air India on September 25, the double-decker plane flew on the Mumbai-Hyderabad-Jeddah route on Friday and landed in the Saudi Arabian city early Saturday, when the discovery was made by cabin crew.
In response, Air India dismissed the “suspicious object” found on the upper deck of business class as a “plastic wrapper”, and also denied the plane was a stand by aircraft for the PM.
But late evening, civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju confirmed the discovery of the empty stun grenade, calling the incident a “serious security failure”.
The government suspended four AI employees, including security managers at Mumbai and Hyderabad airports, and appointed a high-level inquiry committee chaired by AI’s joint managing director Nasir Ali. Ground-handling officers and security supervisors could also face strict action.
The NSG has said it will probe the matter. “We have ordered an inquiry to see how even an empty casing of a stun grenade, which was without any explosive material, was left behind,” said a senior NSG official. The Special Protection Group, responsible for the PM’s security, will also look into the incident.
No actual weapons or explosives are used in such drills, a senior security official said. In fact, the NSG — the country’s elite anti-hijacking and anti-terror commando force — gives a certificate to AI saying no live ammunition will be used.
The 747’s crew noticed the grenade as it rolled out from beneath one of the seats.
The pilots informed Jeddah air traffic control and the plane was moved to a remote bay for checks. “Had it come to light when the plane was airborne, it would have led to force-landing, resulting in a mid-air scare,” said a security source.
The grenade carried the marking ‘anti-riot stun grenade’ and was produced at the BSF’s Tekanpur-based Tear Smoke Unit.
In Vizianagaram in Andhra Pradesh, the civil aviation minister said, “Corrective measures must be taken. The incident must not be repeated.”

Northeast: Fighting a lone battle in times of needComments
Assam’s valleys are used to floods. But what hit the state’s western region, bordering Meghalaya, last month was unprecedented; people there had never imagined that killer waters would rise up in moments and sweep their entire lives away.
Ask cousins Nayan and Rupam, 13. They both lost their parents when a flash flood — the result of incessant rainfall from September 20 to 23 — struck Kamarpara, a village of potters 100 km west of Guwahati.
River Singra, flowing down from the hills of adjoining Meghalaya to join the Brahmaputra downstream, never seemed like a threat to these villagers on higher ground. “We shifted here from a flood-prone area. We were wrong to think that the floods wouldn’t chase us,” says village elder Nakul Kumar, 69.
In Dilinga village nearby, Padma Das, 66, recounts the ‘water attack’. “Suddenly, we found ourselves in 10 feet of water. Our houses are damaged and paddy fields ruined,” he says.
These Assam villages were perhaps luckier than Bholarbitha in Meghalaya’s West Garo Hills district. River Jinjiram, a tributary of the Brahmaputra, wiped out more than 80% of this village’s 300 homes.
“Our village used to be inundated every monsoon, but this time was different. The current of the water was too strong; it was as if we were hit by a cyclone in liquid form,” says Zubair Hussain.
Villages in this part of Meghalaya, close to Bangladesh, are acquainted with Bordoichila, the annual springtime storm eulogised in Assamese folklore. But this year’s floods were an unprecedented disaster.
Meteorologists attribute it to unusually high post-monsoon rain, but ecologists blame it on climate change, encroachment on hill slopes and a degradation and even partial destruction of a network of wetlands that once were natural absorbers of excess rainwater.
In Meghalaya, chief minister Mukul Sangma admitted that illegal stone quarries have affected the ecology of the hills and the course of rivers.
“Letting people [mostly migrants] settle on riverbanks and sandbars has complicated matters,” says environment scientist JD Goswami. “All this is making the flooding more intense and more widespread.”
He has a point; this year, most of the 179 victims across Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Meghalaya were from areas beyond traditional flood-prone zones. And in the urban bustle of Guwahati, where a construction boom has claimed many beels or expansive ponds, a total of six died from drowning, electrocution and landslides.
Rescue operations began fairly promptly, as the affected areas have an active Border Security Force presence, in addition to the Army and units of the National Disaster Response Force.
Union minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju and union minister of state for sports and youth affairs Sarbananda Sonowal — both originally from the region — responded relatively quickly on behalf of the Centre, arriving to take stock of the situation.
But the victims, particularly in Meghalaya, complained of not receiving adequate relief.
This is a persistent problem in the flood-prone north-east. Though 179 people have been killed by flooding here in 2014 alone — 68 in Assam, 56 in Arunachal Pradesh, and 55 in Meghalaya — only Rs. 887 crore has been allocated in relief by the Centre; Rs. 674 crore of this for Assam. By comparison, when the city of Mumbai was inundated in the 26/7 deluge of 2005 — nine years ago — the Centre allocated Rs. 476 crore in relief funds.
Meanwhile, across 28 districts in the north-east — 23 of these in Assam — floods have caused losses worth an estimated Rs. 4,350 crore in infrastructure damage and crop loss this year alone, with Assam accounting for Rs. 2,010 crore of this loss.
“We are trying our best to provide succour to the victims besides offering compensation to families of those who have died,” says Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi.
Meanwhile, even online — where some local NGOs have gone to try and raise funds and material for relief operations — the response has been nothing like the outpouring, say, in the wake of the recent Kashmir floods.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced Rs. 2 lakh as compensation for the families of each person killed, promising to do more for the region as rain-bearing clouds threaten more havoc over the coming weeks. For the time being, though, the states and Centre are still arguing over who should do how much.
As Patricia Mukhim, editor of The Shillong Times, says: “The north-east will always remain a periphery. It needs bombs and blood and dead bodies to make news.”

Modi kicks off campaign trail in Maharashtra  Haryana; launches attack on CongressComments
Five months after a highly successful Lok Sabha election campaign, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is back to doing what he does best — working the crowds, wooing them with his one-liners and boundless energy. His request: absolute majority for the BJP in Maharashtra and Haryana.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at an election campaign rally in in Karnal. (PTI photo)
Kicking off his campaign for the October 15 assembly polls on Saturday, Modi slipped easily into his role of champion vote-seeker at his first rally of the day — in the northern state’s Karnal district. Accusing the ruling Congress and opposition Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) of neglecting farmers and promoting goondaism, he appealed to voters to give the BJP a chance.
Alleging irregularities in land allotment, he asked, “Who among the poor has got a plot? ...But where have thousands of acres of land disappeared, who has taken this? Does Haryana want to settle the account?”
In a veiled attack on the INLD, he asked the people if they would like to be governed from jail. INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala, serving a jail sentence in a corruption case but currently out on bail, had said he’d take oath as CM from Tihar.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being presented with a momento during the election campaign rally in favour of BJP candidates in Aurangabad. (PTI Photo)
Promising development and jobs, he hinted that Karnal may be part of his 100 smart cities project. And carrying forward his Swachh Bharat mission, he said, “We may be living in the age of Hi-Fi and Wi-Fi but safai (cleanliness) is equally important.”
Ending the day in Mumbai, he told a crowd at the Mahalaxmi Race Course, “Mumbai and Maharashtra’s growth is important for the country’s growth. I can’t leave Mumbai helpless any longer. The city is the birthplace of the BJP, which has achieved so much in such a short time.”
Attacking the ruling Congress and its ally, the NCP, but choosing to ignore former ally Shiv Sena, Modi said, “Amitabh Bachchan hosts a TV show, Kaun Banega Crorepati, but these Congress and NCP leaders have been playing Kaun Banega Arabpati all these years. Did 15 years of Congress-NCP government do any good to you, to farmers, to the poor?”
Watch: Modi, sounds poll bugle, tells Haryana voters to oust Congress
“Believe me, I can change Mumbai and Maharashtra. This is the city where most terrorist attacks happened, where most communal riots happened. Who is responsible? Do you not want to get rid of this?”
Earlier, in Beed and Aurangabad in drought-affected central Maharashtra, he appealed to voters to work towards a majority government of the BJP.
At each of his rallies, the PM also made it a point to recall his American trip, telling people, “I think small, but I think of doing big things for small people. Did India’s name ever reverberate in the US before? It did this time, not because of Modi but because of its 125 crore people.”
The audience, hanging on to Modi’s every word, didn’t have time for other speakers. Karnal MP Ashwini Kumar Chopra Minna had to leave his address mid-way after being booed. “I know you all have come to listen to Modiji, I can talk to you some other day,” he said.
Empty vessels make the most noise: Sonia Gandhi
Barely two hours after his Karnal speech, Sonia hit out at Modi at a rally in Meham, saying “empty vessels make the most noise”.
“They are creating such an atmosphere as if nothing has happened in the country since Independence,” she said.
"Has inflation come down? Is the poor man getting food at cheaper rate? Have the unemployed got jobs?" she asked.
Over the next 10 days Modi will be on a campaign blitzkrieg in the two poll-bound states, with over 10 rallies in Haryana and more than 20 in Maharashtra.
With no local face in these two states, the BJP is banking heavily on him for campaigning, especially since the party split with its allies, the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and the Haryana Janhit Congress in Haryana.

Beware the glitter as gold prices dropThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Popularity of Korean food in India on the riseThis was kvass, a mildly fermented drink made from bread soaked in water that had all the appeal of mouldy smelling soda water.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Metro cities with large expat communities and a few consulates sometimes have charity events where the foreigners present their foods to the locals. Chennai's was called International Night in '90s and was much attended then because of rumours of Russians selling alcohol. This was kvass, a mildly fermented drink made from bread soaked in water that had all the appeal of mouldy smelling soda water.
More interest was to be found with the Germans, who sold sausages and potato salad, the Japanese, who fried fresh tempura and, above all, the Koreans, whose grilled meats were accompanied by wonderfully spicy and sour shreds of cabbage. It was, of course, kimchi , the preserved cabbage (also made with other vegetables) that is the cornerstone of Korean cooking. The Koreans in Chennai at that time were a small community, mostly traders operating between Korea and India. But their numbers exploded when, in the mid '90s, Hyundai picked Chennai for its first Indian plant. It was a windfall for those pioneers, many of who set up services for their compatriots. Sunny Jun, an amiable gentleman who had come to India to manufacture soft toys, set up Korea House, the first Korean restaurant in the city.
Authentic Play
Like all the Korean restaurants that were to come up since, they always seemed surprised to see Indians, and a bit apprehensive. Koreans restaurants are big on beef, which they think Indians won't like, and there may be discreet supply of shoju, the clear spirit that Koreans drink so much of that Jinro Shoju is the largest liquor brand in the world. But if you persist you can get excellent bulgogi (grilled beef ), bibimbap (rice, vegetables, spicy sauce and other extras, mixed in a hot stone bowl), jjigae (stews), pajeon (green onion pancakes) and of course several kinds of kimchi, all served in the array of small starters called banchan that is automatically placed on your table at most Korean restaurants.
Korea House closed years back (Mr Jun now runs a Korean supermarket in the city), but others took its place. Their names and locations have changed over time, but Chennai usually has at least three Korean restaurants running, of which InSeoul is the most permanent. Other Korean restaurants have come up across India, in Delhi and Gurgaon, Bangalore and Pune. They follow Korean companies and students, which is why Mumbai, with no major Korean corporate presence, has no formal Korean restaurant. Korean food may now be the foreign cuisine with the most number of really authentic restaurants in India — meaning, no Punjabi-Chinese, Gujju-Italian, Mexican-Marwari, Japanese-Jain dishes, but food that you would get in Korea. (It is an interesting irony that Manchuria, which lent its name and nothing else to Chicken Manchurian, the defining dish of Indofusion, is relatively close to Korea, and parts of it were actually part of ancient Korean kingdoms.)
Yet Korean food gets overlooked when people talk about foreign food in India. Thai food, Vietnamese, regional varieties of Chinese, Japanese and, the latest fad, Burmese food all get talked about, along with Western cuisines and the occasional Brazilian, Ethiopian and Uzbeki restaurant. With the possible exception of Delhi's Gung The Palace, which recently got attention when word leaked that Rahul Gandhi went there, most Korean restaurants stay under the radar, and that seems to be how Koreans want it.

Harsh Vardhan calls for healthier India  wants people to join forces to fight diseasesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Govt agencies missing in paddy procurement  minister steps inJayani went to the mandis of Fazilka to make sure that government agencies start purchasing paddy. (Source: Express photo by Gurmeet Singh)
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Ludhiana | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:57 am
Four days since the start of the paddy procurement season, government procurement agencies are still missing at most places, leaving farmers with no option but to sell to private agents.
After getting numerous complaints from farmers, Mandi board chairman and Bharti Kisan Union (Lakhowal) president Ajmer Singh Lakhowal today took up the matter with Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal. Health Minister Surjit Kumar Jayani went to the mandis of Fazilka to make sure that government agencies start purchasing paddy. The agencies purchased 154 metric ton paddy today.
Regarding the delay on the part of procurement agencies such as PUNSUP, Punjab Agro, FCI, Jayani said, “I myself went to the mandis and got procurement started, and 81 procurement centres have been established in Fazilka. Our duty is to get the work started and I have done that.” About 6.07 lakh metric ton paddy and basmati arrived in various mandis across the state till today, which is 2 per cent more than last year. Of this, 3.94 lakh ton is basmati. According to Mandi board records, 5.98 lakh metric ton has been purchased, the majority by private firms.
Sukhdev Singh Kokri Kalan, general secretary of BKU (Ugrahan), told The Indian Express, “We cannot see government purchase agencies in mandis. Private shellers are purchasing paddy below MSP (Rs 1400) from farmers and those who have compulsions are selling it below Rs 1400 per quintal. I could not find a single government procurer in Moga, Bathinda, Ludhiana, Ferozepur, Faridkot.”
Farmers are selling basmati at low rates compared to last year. The price of basmati was Rs 2000 per quintal while a few varieties were sold out in the range of Rs 2400-2800 per quintal compared to previous year’s price of not less than Rs 3500 per quintal.
Basmati, however, is not controlled by MSP and hence its prices are determined by demand and supply.

J&K flood victims need long-term comprehensive health care: DoctorsNearly 10,000 patients have been examined.
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Ludhiana | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:51 am
People in the disaster affected areas of Jammu and Kashmir are reeling under severe health problems and economic difficulties. They require long-term planning for a comprehensive health care, economic uplift through massive aid by the central government. This was the impression gathered by the medical relief team which left Ludhiana on September 27 and returned on October 3.
The team which had split in two groups to work in flood-affected areas, found the cities stinking, distribution of relief material was too slow, major hospitals were still under water and much more. Nearly 10,000 patients have been examined.
Particularly women and children were found to be anaemic and poorly nourished. The infectious diseases particularly abdominal, skin, allergic reactions, joint pains were in very high number as a result of staying in water for long time. People were suffering from anxiety, post traumatic stress disorder, said Dr A K Handa. The doctor added, that the team was shocked to see the two major hospitals, the GMCH and JVC Medical College and Hospital still under water. Most of the small hospitals and clinics had been severely damaged. Almost all the equipment in these hospitals had been completely destroyed. Dr Arun Mitra, General secretary, IDPD and Former President IMA Ludhiana, who led the team said that they found filth and silt all around the city. The whole city was stinking. Many areas around the Jhelum river were still submerged under water.
Most of the commercial establishments were damaged. Many people lost their houses as well as shops.  The cleaning effort was found to be at a very low pace. This can pose a serious health problems from time to come.
There is need for a continuity of work on the health care and economic uplift of the people. There is need for proper planning to preserve ecology by preventing deforestation and adopting development strategy keeping the environment into consideration to avoid any such disaster in future, said Dr Manoj Sobti, former President IMA Punjab.
Major Sher Singh Aulakh (retd) from Bharti Jan Gyan Vigyan Jatha said that they appeal to the government to clear the city of garbage on war footings; immediately give sufficient aid to restore working of the medical institutions; to announce economic measures such as interest free loans for building houses and commercial establishments. Give aid to the economically lower strata.
The mission was a joint effort by Indian doctors for peace and development, Indian Medical Association, Ludhina, Rotary club Ludhiana greater, wholesale chemists Association, Ludhiana District Chemist Association, All India Bank Officers Association and All India Youth Federation.

8 booked for ferrying calves  attack on copsSeveral police vehicles were damaged in the attack. (Source: Express photo by Javed Raja)
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:36 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 4:37 am
Ahead of Bakra Eid, a group of people clashed with the police on Friday midnight after a mini-truck, allegedly carrying calves for slaughter, was stopped. Eight persons have been booked for ferrying calves and attacking the police. The entire incident has been caught in the CCTV camera, the police said.
At around 1 am, a police team apprehended a mini-truck near Mirzapur meat market that falls under Shahpur police station in the old city of Ahmedabad.
Police officials claimed that the truck was carrying 14 calves and therefore it was detained. The FIR states that the driver of the truck and his assistants allegedly attacked the policemen on duty. Moments later, a group of persons led by one Mohammad Hanif alias Langda attacked the police team. They pelted stones in which several police vehicles were damaged.
However, the police said the situation was brought under control within couple of minutes. “There was a minor clash which we controlled within minutes,” said Virendra Yadav, Deputy Commissioner of Police, Zone-one. An FIR has been lodged against Langda and seven others.
VHP protests
The group of Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) members staged a protest on Saturday in Dariapur area of the city demanding ban on cow slaughter. Following the protest, the police detain about a dozen members. Earlier on Friday, in a press conference, the VHP announced that it would set up check points on the main entries of the city and keep vigilance of the vehicles ferrying animals.

Court refuses extension of Sharmas police custodyPrint
Express News Service | Rajkot | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:28 am
A local court in Bhuj refused to extend police custody of suspended IAS officer Pradeep Sharma in connection with a corruption case on Saturday saying that sufficient time had been given to Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB), which is investigating the matter. Meanwhile, the court deferred the hearing of Sharma’s bail plea till Tuesday.
Sharma was arrested by the ACB on Tuesday and a court in Bhuj had sent him to five-day police custody. As his police remand expired on Saturday, the ACB moved the court and sought extension of his custody. The prosecutor submitted that the probe agency required Sharma’s further custody to verify signature of his wife Shyamal and also wanted to conduct searches at the residence of the officer’s mother.
The ACB had arrested Sharma under Prevention of Corruption Act alleging the officer allotted land to Welspun Gujarat Stahl Rohren Limited in Anjar taluka of Kutch below market rate in 2004 when he was collector of Kutch district.
The ACB further claimed that Welspun returned favour to Sharma by making his wife Shyamal a 30-per cent partner in Value Packaging, another company which had long-term contract of supplying packaging material to Welspun. Value Packaging extended financial benefits worth Rs 29.5 lakh to Shaymal who in turn transferred some of the money to Sharma from her bank account in Rajkot. The ACB suspected the veracity of documents provided to open the bank account since Shyamal lives in the US and sought further remand of Sharma on this ground.
However, Sharma’s lawyer Ratnakar Dholakia raised objection saying material related to the case was already in possession of Criminal Investigation Department (Crime) which was investigating another case filed against the IAS officer.
“The alleged offence in the present case was investigated by the CID (Crime) in an FIR lodged in 2011. We only requested and prayed to the court that second FIR is not maintainable. However, we don’t want to stall the entire process of investigation at this stage, but drew attention of the court that certain material relating to the case was already in possession of CID (Crime) and which was also submitted with the court at relevant time,” Dholakia told The Indian Express.
Sharma’s alleged connection with Welspun had come to light when he was allegedly caught by the CID (Crime) using a mobile phone purchased by the company and the firm had also paid Sharma’s bill for mobile services. This had happened while the officer was being investigated in another corruption case in 2011.
After hearing the arguments, Dholakia said that the court of additional sessions judge J B Dhandhal observed that sufficient time had been provided to the ACB and there was no ground to extend police custody of Sharma.
Incidentally, Sharma was one of the subjects of an alleged illegal surveillance mounted by Gujarat Police on a woman architect in 2009 on the instructions of then Minister of State for Home Amit Shah.

Three accidents in a day  advocate killed  8 injuredThe damaged car outside Sector 19 police station in Chandigarh on Saturday. Source: Express
Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:27 am
In an accident which took place at the Fun Republic light point, Manimajra on Friday night an advocate in the Punjab and Haryana High Court, Urmila, 45, was injured and succumbed to her injuries in wee hours of Saturday. The accused, Sonu and the deceased were on two wheelers. Sonu was allegedly inebriated and escaped from the hospital.
The accident took place at 10 pm on Friday. Police received a call from a passerby. Urmila was coming from Manimajra and was going to Panchkula. Accused Sonu was on his way from Housing Board lightpoint and was going towards the Kalka road.
Sonu jumped the traffic lights and rammed his two wheeler into that of Urmila’s on the left side. “Urmila fell on the road and was conscious. A passerby took her the Civil Hospital, Manimajra from where she was referred to GMSH-16. Doctors at GMSH-16 referred her to PGI where she was admitted. Urmila had sustained a fracture in her thigh bone. She succumbed to internal injuries at 4 am”, said Station House Officer (SHO) of Police Station Manimajra, Inspector Charanjit Singh.
Her body was handed over to the family after postmortem that was carried out at GMSH-16 on Saturday.
Sonu was also taken to the civil hospital. The police officials said that Sonu sustained minor injuries and escaped from the hospital. “We have his address and his relatives are being informed. He was drunk and jumped the lights. Teams have been dispatched to arrest the accused. Police have booked him for causing death due to negligence.
In another accident which took place at the Sector 19-20 dividing road, three youths and a woman were injured when the driver of the car lost control and rammed the car into a tree. Assistant Superintendent of Police (ASP) East, Parvinder Singh said, “driver of the car was a minor who did not have a driver’s license”.
Two others, Sehbaz and Dansih are 18 years of age. According to their statements, all are residents of Sector 29. They were returning from Aroma and saw the woman, who is physically challenged and asked for a lift. The trio were trying to help her.
The woman, aged around 25 years was referred to PGI. She sustained a fracture in her leg. The three youths were discharged from the hospital after they were administered first aid. A case has been registered against the minor for rash driving.
The impact of the accident was such that the car was completely damaged and all the airbags were open when the police reached the spot.
In the third accident, a car rammed into an autorickshaw. Police said that it was a head on collision four of a family who were travelling in the auto were injured and the driver of the car was booked and the four members of the family continued…

Yuvraj Singh fondly remembers first cricket lessons in city  his first loveThe moment I reach the Chandigarh airport, first thing that comes to my mind is that I am back to the place where I have hit thousands of sixes and broken hundreds window panes. Source: Jasbir Malhi
Written by Shalini Gupta | Chandigarh | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:24 am
Cricketer Yuvraj Singh might have shifted to Gurgaon from Chandigarh few years back, but his heart still beats for the city where he learnt the early lessons of cricket. Be it the Sector 16 Cricket Stadium, DAV School, Sector 8, ground or the ground at the DAV College, Sector 10, Yuvraj at 32 still remembers the time spent at these places during his growing years so vividly.
During his visit to The Indian Express office here for an Idea Exchange, the hero of 2011 World Cup triumph recalled, “I get very warm response from the people, friends and relatives living in Chandigarh whenever I am here. The moment I reach the Chandigarh airport, first thing that comes to my mind is that I am back to the place where I have hit thousands of sixes and broken hundreds window panes. I spent amazing years while I trained with my father Yograj Singh in Chandigarh. I was exposed to my first love, ‘skating’ in Chandigarh and that love is still there.
Yuvraj was in Chandigarh for taking part in the 21st JP Atray memorial cricket tournament from the Punjab Cricket Club (PCC) team. With 40 Tests and 293 ODIs behind him, Yuvraj Singh, shared more memories with the Express staffers and felt that he will pick up skates once again when he is retired from international cricket and pursue his passion. “I am still in love with skating. Although, I do not have time to start playing the sport again as I am totally involved in cricket but once I am over with my cricket career, I will be back in the skating rink with a bang.”
It maybe recalled that Yuvraj, who is son of former Indian Test bowler Yograj Singh, was coaxed to take up cricket by his father. Yuvraj was into skating while he was young and one day Yograj, threw away his skates and was taken away for cricket training at the Sector 16 Stadium. The swashbuckling cricketer, who holds the record for hitting six sixes in an over (He smashed England bowler Stuart Broad for six sixes in an over during the 2007 T-20 World Cup in South Africa), was also keen on starting up with his sports school near Chandigarh in order to help and nurture young talent in the region.
“It will be great to be near my roots and provide a platform to the youngsters at the grass-root level.” It was in the year 2012 that the Punjab government led by Prakash Singh continued…
I am still in love with skating. I am totally involved with cricket now but once I am over with my cricket career, I will be back in the skating rink with a bang

Akhilesh to tweak  revive  Mayas Ganga ExpresswayCurrently, the shelved project has a liability of only Rs 32 crore which needs to be returned to Jaypee Group before starting the project afresh.
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:21 am
The Akhilesh Yadav government has decided to take up the ambitious project of Mayawati, Ganga Expressway, albeit with some revision.
The 1047-km-long stretch from Ballia to Noida, the Ganga Expressway was conceived during the previous BSP regime with Jaypee Group bagging the contract for the construction work. The project, however, was shelved after Mayawati was voted out of power while Jaypee pulled out of the project withdrawing its bank guarantee.
Now, after initiating Agra-Lucknow Expressway, the Samajwadi Party government has decided to revive the Ganga Expressway. Files pertaining to the project are being updated in Uttar Pradesh Expressway Industrial Development Authority (UPEIDA). Currently, the shelved project has a liability of only Rs 32 crore which needs to be returned to Jaypee Group before starting the project afresh.
“This amount was provided by the Jaypee Group to respective District Magistrates to be distributed as compensation to farmers. Since land acquisition did not take place, the money is lying idle and has to be returned,” Navneet Sehgal, Chief Executive Officer, UPEIDA, told The Indian Express.
For the project’s revival, a fresh route is being planned. There is, however, no consensus yet on the model that is to be adopted. “It will be decided at a later stage whether the model adopted will be Public Private Partnership or Engineering, Procurement, Construction (EPC). As of now, we are only reviving the project,” Sehgal confirmed.
Special concern will be taken to obtain all environmental clearance before launching the project as it was the lack of this (environmental clearance) that put the project amid a legal tussle at the Allahabad High Court during Mayawati’s regime in the first place. The project also witnessed farmers’ unrest over land acquisition.
“Double the speed, triple the economy – that is the CM’s slogan. There may be changes, but the project will soon take off,” a senior official informed.
However, state government is hesitant on providing large parcels of land unlike during Mayawati regime. Akhilesh himself on various occasions has stated that he cannot afford “sweeteners” in the project due to which companies are apprehensive of coming to the state.
The project was conceived as an eight-lane controlled expressway, originating at Ballia and passing through Ghazipur, Varanasi, Mirzapur, Bhadohi, Allahabad, Pratapgarh, Raebareli, Unnao, Hardoi, Shahjahanpur, Farrukhabad, Kanshiram Nagar, Badaun, Aligarh, Bulandshahr and Gautam Budh Nagar. The initial estimated cost was around Rs 30,000 crore with a requirement of 15,120 hectares of land for the expressway and 11,254 hectares for land parcel in 1,949 villages.

To counter BJP  rivals target outsider PMTo counter BJP, rivals target ‘outsider’ PM
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |       October 5, 2014 4:04 am
Comments
In poll meetings, most top leaders have taken a decision to target Modi since he does not belong to the state.
The echoes of Marathi asmita (pride) are getting shriller as the Congress, NCP, Shiv Sena and MNS decide to intensify their campaign against “outsider” Narendra Modi. With the Assembly elections for 288 seats in Maharashtra centred around the “insider versus outsider” rhetoric yet again, parties opposing the BJP have decided to train guns at the prime minister.
In poll meetings, most top leaders – NCP president Sharad Pawar, former CM and Congress leader Prithviraj Chavan, senior Congress leader Narayan Rane, MNS president Raj Thackeray and Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray – have taken a decision to target Modi since he does not belong to the state.
The PM, who arrived in the state Saturday, will hold 23 public rallies between October 4 and October 10 across western Maharashtra, Marathwada, Konkan, north Maharashtra and Vidarbha.
A political manager from the Congress said, “The BJP has made Modi its mascot and star campaigner. We will definitely attack him to counter his aggressive campaign.”
A senior Sena MP confided, “We have to assert ourselves by stepping up the attack on Modi. We have to keep hammering that Modi did nothing to save the Sena-BJP alliance. We won’t launch personal attacks, but we will drive home the alliance point. This would help us to consolidate our base among the sons of the soil.”
The MNS leadership is also keeping the “Marathi manoos” issue alive. Party president Raj Thackeray Saturday stoked the debate when he said that the state’s interests would be best served by leaders from Maharashtra.
However, unlike in the past when Shiv Sena and MNS attacked people from north Indian – especially Uttar Pradesh and Bihar – the aggression this time would be focused on Modi.
In separate rallies on Saturday, top leadership of the Congress, NCP, Sena and MNS exhorted people to guard their “Marathi asmita” and warned against “outsiders” who try and tell the state how to move ahead.
Urging farmers to ensure that their rights are protected, Pawar Saturday suggested that the state’s welfare should be left to those who have served them for the past 15 years.
In Vidarbha, Uddhav took on Modi and the BJP, warning people against “trespassers” and saying, “It’s my responsibility to look after your welfare in Maharashtra. I will provide you education, health and houses. I will look after your interests in employment.”
He added, “Every individual should guard himself against intruders on the home turf.” In a veiled suggestion that Modi puts the interest of Gujarat ahead of others, he said, “The PM never belongs of any state. The PM should belong to the entire nation.”
In Marathwada, the MNS chief cited the example of a Maharashtrian industrial who went to Himachal Pradesh to set up an industry.

Voters  loyalties put to test after BJP-Shiv Sena & Congress-NCP splitsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Boarder77 : since this is your area of expertise cd u answer these que...Platinum Member
58 Followers
1. Biocon’s ANDA pipeline is a work-in-progress my dear and there is no “line 17 chapter 6” that says you can’t leverage the distribution and reach of your trusted partner. In fact when testing a new product an / or new geography firms do prefer to reduce the big bang risk by partnering with a local agent – this not only reduces the demand on internal resources but can help scale-up globally in the fastest possible way. Am not suggesting that this comes without the “hold-up” risk but hey what is risk free in business?
2. That’s jumping the gun a bit in my view
3. “Easing” is a misnomer or a wrong choice of word in this context as per my understanding the regulatory environment is being clarified and made consistent rather than lowering the entry barriers.
4. In the context of biosimilars this is where the issue is – a biosimilar produced in the same plant with same cGMP can at best be deemed a “similar” version let alone spreading that same production at different locations. Example could be: Roche making Herceptin at 2 or more locations – well they are already making biosimilar version!
PS: My flight from schiphol has just been announced -:)

Hi raheela   gud morng   ya yu are right  no action for so many days  ...Hi Anandji,
Good Afternoon. I want to confess something with you.
I had bought 50 Force Motors aroud Aug 22 at price of 790 per share. I sold 50 shares of Force Motors it on 30th Sep at price of 1365 per share. I have made good profit, but i am not happy as i should not have sold it.
I know that you will not be happy with my decision, but i have around 65K in my account idle. I am hoping Force Motors will come down, but i need your advice.
Regards,

Big issue of wanbury is the still pending winding up petition filed b...Silver Member
9 Followers
Big issue of Wanbury is the still pending  winding up petition filed by Hutton Group  .This company need to shell out $2.1 million and interest  for repayment in 2015.How this loss making company can pay back this amount by next year is a question mark.Since the conversion price is more than 3 times of the current market price no chance for conversion of these bonds .
Earlier bond holders filed one winding up petition and the news below.
Hutton Group Files Winding-up Petitions against 2 Cos
------------------------------------------------
British Virgin Islands-based finance company Hutton Group has filed winding-up petitions against drug maker Wanbury and export house Faze Three for non-payment of bond dues,according to people familiar with the matter.Wanbury and Faze Three had raised 2.7 million and $2.14 million,respectively,from HGL through the issue of foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs).However,both companies failed to redeem the bonds,forcing Hutton to file the petitions in the Bombay High Court.According to the petitions,which were reviewed by ET,Wanburys bond matured on April 2012 while Faze Threes expired in October 2011.Both companies did not respond to ETs emailed query on the development.On Friday,Wanbury reached a settlement with bondholders while Faze Three,which exports textile to multinational retailers Wal-Mart,Sears and JC Penny,referred to BIFR.Wanbury has agreed to pay the face value of the bond along with 10% premium and 6% interest.The company will pay the dues in installments within four years.The offshore lender is being represented by Nishit Dhruva of MDP & Partners.Wanbury is the second pharmaceutical firm after Wockhardt to default on its FCCB dues.Earlier this year,Chennai-based Orchid Chemicals had to sell its key business to Hospira to pay off foreign dues worth $167
8.21 AM Oct 5th

A billion dollars and counting - - - - -$$$$$ october 3rd  20...Gold Member
685 Followers
PM Modi`s US Visit: India-US agree to fight climate change through better use of information - - - - -$$$$$
NEW DELHI: India and the United States have agreed to work together on efforts to adapt to the impacts of climate change and improve climate resilience through better use of information and planning. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama issued ajoint statement in Washington, DC on Tuesday, laying out the broad contours of a new partnership between India and the United States for climate resilience.
The two leaders propose to identify opportunities to jointly advance capacity for strengthening climate resilience, including development of actionable information, data and tools to help national, state, and local officials with climate adaptation planning. They agreed to specify areas of partnership to improve India`s renewable energy capabilities and production, thereby help contain the dependence on fossilfuels for energy generation and move to a low carbon growth path.
The focus on adaptation comes at a time when both countries have been dealing with extreme weather events like droughts in parts of the United States, and excessive rainfallin parts of India.
The joint statement is a recognition of India`s contention that development, energy access, and improving the living standards of its people is as much a priority as addressing climate change. The Export-Import Bank of the United States and the Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency (IREDA) have agreed to enter into a memorandum of understanding (MoU), to make available financing of up to $1 billion to support export of Made-in-America renewable energy goods and services for clean energy projects in India.
The understanding between the two institutions includes establishing a framework for cooperation under the MoU to increase mutually beneficial business opportunities in support of India`s energy initiatives, including the doubling of the upcoming phase of Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission (JNNSM) to 3,000 MW. In a similar effort, the two governments have agreed to create a bilateral Clean Energy Finance Forum through which public and private sector officials from the two countries can explore specific opportunities to mobilise finance for clean energy.
The two countries have agreed to a new partnership on energy smart cities that will showcase the policies, technologies, and business and finance models needed to turn clean energy into a commercial opportunity that will draw in private capital and allow commercial scale-up to take off.
The two governments have also agreed to a new multi-million dollar, multi-year effort, Greening the Grid, to ensure reliable delivery of clean energy through a stronger, more flexible power system.
The focus will be on enabling large-scale deployment of clean energy and energy efficiency, thereby improving India`s capacity to absorb into its grid an increasing proportion of renewable energy.
The US is also evaluating new activities that would help India reduce imports, become more efficient, and meet new international environmental standards for fuels.

Haider: A risky  dangerous filmThe Hindu To be or not to be Shahid, however, has no qualms about experimenting Photo: G.P. Sampath Kumar
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
Haider is not Shakespeare’s Hamlet as much as it is Vishal Bhardwaj’s quirky Indianised family revenge drama for the Hindi-movie goer, says its star Shahid Kapoor
Filmmaker Vishal Bhardwaj’s Haider completes his Shakespearean trilogy after Maqbool and Omkara. And with Haider comes actor Shahid Kapoor’s chance to be his best as an actor, getting to play the ultimate tragic hero, Hamlet — something actors world over would kill for. “It was a risky, dangerous and a very different film to do. It is a labour of love. We’ve done what convention tells you not to do,” said Shahid Kapoor, who’s been stuck in a rut of comedy and action.
“Playing Hamlet is the most complex part for any actor. It’s a mental and emotional journey. Not to mention the physical transformation,” said Shahid who was in Bangalore to promote the film, which releases on October 2. Hamlet’s famous “To be or not to be” soliloquy has become a rage in Gulzar’s ‘Main rahoon ki main naheen’ and Shahid has been in the news for shaving his head for a five-hour shoot for a shot comprising a six-page monologue. “This is the scene I will always remember as an actor,” stressed Shahid. All praise for his director, he spoke of Bhardwaj’s ability to convert Shakespeare into Hindi and maintain its quirkiness in Hindi. Excerpts from an interview.
Any film based on a literary work always comes with great expectations. And this is Shakespeare! What was your thought on being offered the film?
First of all I want people to know that this is an adaptation of Hamlet. It’s not Hamlet. It’s a film called Haider which has been made for the mainstream Indian audience, for the normal guy, who likes to go watch Hindi movies in the theatre. It is a differently commercial film. At least that’s how we see it.
How is it different, as you just mentioned?
To begin with, it’s a revenge family drama. Revenge is a rather universal emotion and we’ve seen many films on it. It has family dynamics and relationships between son and mother, father and wife, lovers, brothers, uncle and nephew. All the drama and histrionics of the film lie with these characters, who are local Kashmiri people. Normal people, with normal lives, with complex emotions. Like you and me. That’s what makes it very relatable for anyone to connect with it.
And Haider?...
Haider is a very real guy, very vulnerable, emotional, attached to his father and mother. He loves Arshiya’s character truly from the bottom of his heart. And he’s trying to deal with the complexities of where life has brought him. And Haider is trying to understand how to ride above this feeling. Whether he’s able to do that, or chooses to take revenge — that’s the story that’s so human.
Even though it’s the title role, I do feel that it’s not just about my character. If anybody has read Hamlet, or any of Shakespeare, the supporting characters — even calling them that is unfair — because each character is equally crucial. And Vishal sir has been amazing in always providing strong performance opportunities to good actors, especially female actors. There are very few directors in our country who write strong roles for female characters.
What is it about Vishal Bhardwaj that he gets dark, brooding movies right?
He’s cool enough not to care about what people say. He makes what he believes in and he makes it from his heart. He has his unique way of telling stories. He has the honesty to talk about conflicted emotions. He’s not worried about portraying emotions how they are, he doesn’t try and sugar-coat them. That’s what makes his films hard-hitting and original. Raw.
You seem to get both your comic timing right, and manage the dark, angsty, brooding act well too…
I just copy my directors. I really try and sink into the mind of the filmmaker I work with. You have to let yourself go and not worry about how you will come across. Trust the filmmaker. Because, for him, the first concern is to get his protagonist right. And once you let go, you feel liberated and you know that someone else is looking out for you. Go with the creative flow.
Search
RELATED NEWS

A book for the good timesUpdated: August 7, 2014 12:12 IST
A book for the good times
ESTHER ELIAS
The Hindu L. Suresh. Photo: M. Karunakaran
TOPICS
books and literature
Author L. Suresh’s debut novel The Pilani Pilgrims takes readers back to the best of their college days
Through the mid-80s and early 90s, Chennai Central witnessed a strange sight once a year. Hundreds of young men, lugging suitcases and backpacks, would congregate on Platform Number 1 in the late hours of a July night, waiting for the Tamil Nadu Express to pull in. Amidst many hi-fives and much back-slapping, there’d be a mad scramble for seats as the shrill whistle blew. It never really mattered who sat where though, for with almost 700 engineers-in-the-making headed to a remote town in the middle of a desert near Delhi for college, the train was theirs for merrymaking over the next 32 hours.
For author L. Suresh, this annual ritual marked the beginning of the four years that changed his life as a civil engineering student of BITS Pilani. It is this journey that he takes readers on in his debut book The Pilani Pilgrims (Notion Press).
The book traces two timelines, the first of nine alumni who head back to college for a reunion, their memories often harking back several decades, and the second, of a college fresher in 2010, cautious about starting life anew in a faraway place. As their stories slowly unfold toward each other, they finally converge for a big reveal. “Pilani, to me, was this mystical, almost paradise-like place, and BITS, surrounded by desert all around, had its own optic-fibre network, its own Internet backbone, with never a water problem, never a power cut, lush lawns and peacocks for company,” says Suresh. It is this ethos that lets him couch the story in terms of reverence — Pilani as the site of pilgrimage, and the alumni trekking back in time, as pilgrims. Nostalgia certainly frames this story, but Suresh says, it is as much about friendships forged that last lifetimes, and the discovery of passions that lead to your true calling.
The last is true for Suresh himself, who came to author-hood the long-winded way. Far before he joined college, Suresh harboured the desire to become a writer. But the lack of choice back then, ensured he enrolled in a professional course. He made up for this by spending his years there writing, editing, printing and publishing for the college magazine, association journals and press clubs. “I remember our typeset process with presses manned by hard-core Rajasthanis who knew not a word of English. They understood letters like kindergarten children do, in standing, sleeping and curved lines. So we’d spend entire nights at the press proofing page after page, till we arrived at the zero-error copy.” This rigour stood Suresh in good stead through his brief stint at Hewlett Packard, 10 years in advertising and another eight years as a freelance branding consultant. The plot of The Pilani Pilgrims story lay on the backburner all along though, but after 14-hour days of writing for work, Suresh found that fatigue trumped creativity when he sat down to write his book. A year ago, though, he finally gathered his guts and quit. “With no job and the fear of God in me, this book wrote itself in nine months.”
But debut books in this age of the Indian publishing boom are, as Suresh puts it, like abandoned orphans. The answer to this plight he found in Steve Jobs’ ‘Connecting The Dots’ commencement address. “I realised that as an engineer and technology writer, I knew how to leverage technology to my advantage; through advertising I’d honed my writing skills for various needs and as a consultant, I’d done the branding for numerous products and companies. Because my experiences had been lateral, not linear, I could draw from all of it for this book.”
So off came the writer hat, and on came the ad-man hat. “AIDA,” he says. “Attention, Interest, Desire and Action. That’s what will make people pick up the book.” His 45-day campaign and communication plan took off on August 1, BITS alumni day, and spans promotion efforts on social media and elsewhere, targeted first at the captive ex-BITSian readership and eventually the larger public. “You don’t need insider know-how to get this book,” says Suresh, “Anyone who’s ever been to college will enjoy this story.”

Congress to gherao Doordarshan over airing of RSS chief Bhagwat speechOct 04, 2014 at 11:20pm IST
Congress to gherao Doordarshan over airing of RSS chief Bhagwat speech
13
0
New Delhi: Slamming the government for live telecast by Doordarshan of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh chief Mohan Bhagwat's address in Nagpur, Delhi Congress on Saturday said it will gherao the state broadcaster on Sunday to protest against the "misdeeds".
Chief spokesperson of Delhi Congress Mukesh Sharma said the RSS was a controversial religious and political organisation and showing Bhagwat's address live on Doordarshan was not at all acceptable.
The live telecast of Bhagwat's address in Nagpur on Friday by Doordarshan stoked a controversy with almost all major opposition parties slamming the government for "misusing" the state broadcaster while BJP defended it.
Delhi Congress leader Mukesh Sharma said showing Bhagwat's address live on Doordarshan was not at all acceptable.
#rss #mohan bhagwat #doordarshan #congress
"The Doordarshan is being saffronised. This is a very serious issue. Showing the speech live was an attempt to propagate a certain ideology," Sharma said.
He said scores of Congress MLAs, municipal councillors, leaders and workers will launch an agitation against the government and Doordarshan on Sunday.
"We will gherao the Doordarshan headquarters," he said.
The decision to launch the agitation was taken at a meeting of DPCC office bearers. The meeting was presided by DPCC president Arvinder Singh Lovely.
0

Ground realty: Small cities lap up office spaceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Akhilesh to tweak  revive  Mayas GangaExpresswayCurrently, the shelved project has a liability of only Rs 32 crore which needs to be returned to Jaypee Group before starting the project afresh.
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:21 am
The Akhilesh Yadav government has decided to take up the ambitious project of Mayawati, Ganga Expressway, albeit with some revision.
The 1047-km-long stretch from Ballia to Noida, the Ganga Expressway was conceived during the previous BSP regime with Jaypee Group bagging the contract for the construction work. The project, however, was shelved after Mayawati was voted out of power while Jaypee pulled out of the project withdrawing its bank guarantee.
Now, after initiating Agra-Lucknow Expressway, the Samajwadi Party government has decided to revive the Ganga Expressway. Files pertaining to the project are being updated in Uttar Pradesh Expressway Industrial Development Authority (UPEIDA). Currently, the shelved project has a liability of only Rs 32 crore which needs to be returned to Jaypee Group before starting the project afresh.
“This amount was provided by the Jaypee Group to respective District Magistrates to be distributed as compensation to farmers. Since land acquisition did not take place, the money is lying idle and has to be returned,” Navneet Sehgal, Chief Executive Officer, UPEIDA, told The Indian Express.
For the project’s revival, a fresh route is being planned. There is, however, no consensus yet on the model that is to be adopted. “It will be decided at a later stage whether the model adopted will be Public Private Partnership or Engineering, Procurement, Construction (EPC). As of now, we are only reviving the project,” Sehgal confirmed.
Special concern will be taken to obtain all environmental clearance before launching the project as it was the lack of this (environmental clearance) that put the project amid a legal tussle at the Allahabad High Court during Mayawati’s regime in the first place. The project also witnessed farmers’ unrest over land acquisition.
“Double the speed, triple the economy – that is the CM’s slogan. There may be changes, but the project will soon take off,” a senior official informed.
However, state government is hesitant on providing large parcels of land unlike during Mayawati regime. Akhilesh himself on various occasions has stated that he cannot afford “sweeteners” in the project due to which companies are apprehensive of coming to the state.
The project was conceived as an eight-lane controlled expressway, originating at Ballia and passing through Ghazipur, Varanasi, Mirzapur, Bhadohi, Allahabad, Pratapgarh, Raebareli, Unnao, Hardoi, Shahjahanpur, Farrukhabad, Kanshiram Nagar, Badaun, Aligarh, Bulandshahr and Gautam Budh Nagar. The initial estimated cost was around Rs 30,000 crore with a requirement of 15,120 hectares of land for the expressway and 11,254 hectares for land parcel in 1,949 villages.

To counter BJP  rivals target outsiderPMTo counter BJP, rivals target ‘outsider’ PM
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |       October 5, 2014 4:04 am
Comments
In poll meetings, most top leaders have taken a decision to target Modi since he does not belong to the state.
The echoes of Marathi asmita (pride) are getting shriller as the Congress, NCP, Shiv Sena and MNS decide to intensify their campaign against “outsider” Narendra Modi. With the Assembly elections for 288 seats in Maharashtra centred around the “insider versus outsider” rhetoric yet again, parties opposing the BJP have decided to train guns at the prime minister.
In poll meetings, most top leaders – NCP president Sharad Pawar, former CM and Congress leader Prithviraj Chavan, senior Congress leader Narayan Rane, MNS president Raj Thackeray and Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray – have taken a decision to target Modi since he does not belong to the state.
The PM, who arrived in the state Saturday, will hold 23 public rallies between October 4 and October 10 across western Maharashtra, Marathwada, Konkan, north Maharashtra and Vidarbha.
A political manager from the Congress said, “The BJP has made Modi its mascot and star campaigner. We will definitely attack him to counter his aggressive campaign.”
A senior Sena MP confided, “We have to assert ourselves by stepping up the attack on Modi. We have to keep hammering that Modi did nothing to save the Sena-BJP alliance. We won’t launch personal attacks, but we will drive home the alliance point. This would help us to consolidate our base among the sons of the soil.”
The MNS leadership is also keeping the “Marathi manoos” issue alive. Party president Raj Thackeray Saturday stoked the debate when he said that the state’s interests would be best served by leaders from Maharashtra.
However, unlike in the past when Shiv Sena and MNS attacked people from north Indian – especially Uttar Pradesh and Bihar – the aggression this time would be focused on Modi.
In separate rallies on Saturday, top leadership of the Congress, NCP, Sena and MNS exhorted people to guard their “Marathi asmita” and warned against “outsiders” who try and tell the state how to move ahead.
Urging farmers to ensure that their rights are protected, Pawar Saturday suggested that the state’s welfare should be left to those who have served them for the past 15 years.
In Vidarbha, Uddhav took on Modi and the BJP, warning people against “trespassers” and saying, “It’s my responsibility to look after your welfare in Maharashtra. I will provide you education, health and houses. I will look after your interests in employment.”
He added, “Every individual should guard himself against intruders on the home turf.” In a veiled suggestion that Modi puts the interest of Gujarat ahead of others, he said, “The PM never belongs of any state. The PM should belong to the entire nation.”
In Marathwada, the MNS chief cited the example of a Maharashtrian industrial who went to Himachal Pradesh to set up an industry.

Kashmir gears up to celebrate Eid in the shadow of floodsOct 05, 2014 at  08:04am IST
Kashmir gears up to celebrate Eid in the shadow of floods
17
0
Srinagar: Even as Kashmir gears up to celebrate Eid al Adha it will take some time for the valley to truly recover from the floods that nearly ravaged the state. But gritty Srinagar residents are making the best of what they can. Kashmir will bounce back on its feet, they say.
Mohammad Muzaffar has run his business in Srinagar for the last 4 decades - but the floods almost detroyed his shop. Today, as he gets busy to clean his store, he invokes the Kashmiri spirit of fighting back.
"I am a shopkeeper here for last 4 decades. We have seen everything. Bombs, blasts but the damage in 2014 is colossal. But by the grace of Allah, we will come out of this too," Muzaffar said.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #srinagar #eid
Eid this year may be a far cry from the colours and festivities of the past but traders in Central Lal chowk are not giving up. The youth of the city who risked their lives in the rescue operations are confident they will get Srinagar back on its feet.
Shanawaz Ahmad said, "We should not sit back at home, that will make us depressed. Kashmir will bounce back."
The old part of the city which was untouched by the floods is now emerging as a new market for Eid shoppers. Even though celebrations are limited, people have pledged to work hard to help Srinagar regain its former glory.
Ruhail Ahmad, a Srinagar resident said, "Inshallah, Lal chowk will shine again."
8

Patna stampede: Police failed to enforce safety measures despite 2 similar tragedies in the past30
0
Patna: Almost like a ritual after every tragedy, the Bihar government has ordered a high level enquiry into the stampede which killed 33 people and injured 29 others at Patna's Gandhi Maidan on Friday. But the incident has yet again put the state police in the dock, which despite two tragic incidents in the recent past, failed to enforce adequate safety measures.
In 2012, a similar stampede happened at Ganga Ghat during Chhath festival while in 2013, the same Gandhi Maidan witnessed serial bomb blasts during a rally addressed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
People are raising serious questions about the capability of the Patna Police to handle crowds as the state government seems to have learnt no lessons from the past.
#patna stampede #patna #ganga ghat #chhhat
All these disasters had a few things in common. The size of the crowd at all these spots was well expected. The date, time and venue of all the three events were also known well in advance.
There are questions that even when over a lakh people were expected to throng Gandhi Maidan for the function, why were 3 out of 4 entry/exit gates of the venue not completely thrown open. The gates had been chained which led to chaos at exit pointd.
The lights at Gandhi Maidan, too, had not been repaired before the event. What also highlighted the callous attitude of the local administration was that adequate force was not stationed at the exit points for managing the crowd. The emergency services were not kept ready at the spot.
Had the gates been kept open, and had the administration acted more swiftly, the immensely tragic incident could have been averted. It is now time for officials to be made accountable for the incident and fix those with callous attitude who contributed towards this stampede.
Under attack from opposition parties over the stampede, Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi on Saturday admitted that there have been lapses on the part of his administration. While he assured action against the culprits, he admitted that it has come at a very heavy cost.
14

I received an information that the company had invented medicine for e...Platinum Member
140 Followers
I received an information that the company had invented medicine for ebola disease also. This is not from any insiders but may be a rumour. Can anyone received
8.57 AM Oct 5th

Further to my statement invite u to read mobile.biopharma-reporter.com...Platinum Member
126 Followers
Boarder777 while the returns from biocon will be good . I am not sure they will be extraordinary as u seem to suggest. Let me explain : The returns  will come sure. Insulin  is a very competitive  therapeutic field. In 2014 itself there are more than 24 patent applications by Sanofi and its Jv partners. Eli lily and others would have equivalent. Development are likely to overtake Biocon unless it learns to capitalise on its IP related Strength . As Stoctin Says Timing is important. insulin Demand is rising That will give Biocon good returns , Oral insulin also is in race.. for approval. Lets hope some novel drug to b introduced and yet in pipeline, That may take some time
9.18 PM Oct 4th

Most illiquid stock. buy & sell difficultCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Stockflash # tata chem going good.....just waiting for blast to 430......Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Man In The Moon  Mystery Finally Solvedreddit
"How many people have looked up at the moon and wondered what produced the pattern we see -- let me tell you, I’ve wanted to solve that one!"
That's Maria Zuber, a geophysics professor at MIT and principal investigator for NASA's GRAIL (Gravity Recovery and Interior Laboratory) mission to understand the moon's interior, according to a written statement from MIT.
Previous theories held that an asteroid created the massive Oceanus Procellarum basin on the lunar surface -- often called the " man on the moon ." But Zuber and a team of colleagues at MIT, the Colorado School of Mines, and NASA say they've found a new explanation for the mysterious feature on the lunar surface: ancient volcanic eruptions.
Earth's moon as observed in visible light (left), topography (center, where red is high and blue is low), and the GRAIL gravity gradients (right).
According to the scientists, an asteroid would have created a circular basin upon impact. But a new high-resolution map created from GRAIL data revealed that the area surrounding the Procellarum basin is more rectangular, made up of sharp angles and structures the scientists call "gravity anomalies."
"We interpret the gravity anomalies discovered by GRAIL as part of the lunar magma plumbing system -- the conduits that fed lava to the surface during ancient volcanic eruptions," Zuber said in a written statement released by NASA.
The scientists believe that soon after the moon formed, a large plume of magma bubbled up from the interior. The temperature difference between the molten material and cool crust fractured the lunar surface, allowing magma to spill onto the surface to create the rift valleys and strange rectangular features that make up the Procellarum basin.
With one puzzle solved, the team say they're on to the next one.
"How such a plume arose remains a mystery," Zuber said in the statement. "It could be due to radioactive decay of heat-producing elements in the deep interior. Or, conceivably, a very early large impact triggered the plume. But in the latter case, all evidence for such an impact has been completely erased. People who thought that all this volcanism was related to a gigantic impact need to go back and think some more about that.”
The research was published online on Oct. 1 in the journal Nature.
Also on HuffPost:

This Is What The Changing Of The Seasons Looks Like From Spacereddit
A NASA satellite captured these spectacular images of the arrival of fall foliage in Canada and the northeastern United States at the end of September. Fall officially began last week with the autumnal equinox, but these changing colors are still a welcome signal that hot summer days are finally giving way to cooler weather.
Color change between June 16, 2014, and Sept. 27, 2014.
When days shorten in autumn, trees slow and then stop their production of green-pigmented chlorophyll as they prepare to drop their leaves. As chlorophyll degrades, it allows other red, yellow and orange pigments to shine through. Watch this video for more info on the science behind leaves changing color.
Want to get out there and see beautiful fall foliage before it fades? Check out these maps from the Weather Channel, which show the typical peak foliage times across the country as well as this season's progress . Some areas are already at or past their peak, so get out and catch these colors before they're gone!
Color change between Aug. 9, 2014, and Sept. 26, 2014.
All images from NASA Worldview. Explore more fall foliage near you using Worldview's interactive satellite imagery .
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Physicists Observe New Particle That s Also Its Own Antiparticlereddit
Princeton University physicists built a powerful imaging device called a scanning-tunneling microscope and used it to capture an image of an elusive particle that behaves simultaneously like matter and antimatter. The research team includes, from left, graduate student Ilya Drozdov, postdoctoral researcher Sangjun Jeon, and professors of physics B. Andrei Bernevig and Ali Yazdani.
After decades of searching, physicists at Princeton University say they've observed an elusive particle that behaves both like matter and antimatter .
Yes, the discovery is an exciting step forward for particle physics, but it may also help advance the creation of powerful quantum computers.
In the early 20th century, as quantum theory emerged, scientists predicted that most common particles, like electrons, had mysterious " antimatter " counterparts with the same mass and opposite charge. Scientists even thought that if a particle came in contact with its "antiparticle," the two would annihilate one another.
Italian physicist Ettore Majorana first hypothesized in 1937 that one particle -- called the " Majorana fermion " -- could serve as its very own antimatter particle, and scientists have been searching for that particle ever since.
(Story continues below.)
An experiment revealing the atomic structure of an iron wire on a lead surface. The zoomed-in portion of the image depicts the probability of the wire containing the Majorana fermion. The image pinpoints the particle to the end of the wire, which is where it had been predicted to based on years of theoretical calculations.
For their study, the Princeton researchers designed a simple experiment to observe what they call "emergent particles" which can be found within a material -- rather than in the vacuum of a giant collider, where the Higgs boson was discovered.
"This is more exciting and can actually be practically beneficial," Ali Yazdani, a physics professor at the university who led the research team, said a written statement, "because it allows scientists to manipulate exotic particles for potential applications, such as quantum computing."
The researchers placed a thin, long chain of pure magnetic iron atoms on a superconductor made of lead. Then they cooled the materials to -457 degrees Fahrenheit and peered at them through a two-story-tall scanning-tunneling microscope . Just check out the video above.
What did the researchers find? An electrically neutral signal at the ends of the iron wires, which is considered to be the "key signature" of the elusive Majorana fermion. The researchers say the fermion's observed properties make it a good candidate for building quantum bits in computers.
"One of the first steps in making a quantum computer is to make a quantum bit," Yazdani said in an email to the Huffington Post, "The ideal quantum bit should [be] one that you can control but it does not interact with its environment, so as to be changed."
While other scientists find the study intriguing, many believe further research should be conducted to confirm the results.
“We should keep in mind possible alternative explanations -- even if there are no immediately obvious candidates,” Jason Alicea, a physicist at the California Institute of Technology, who did not participate in this research, told Scientific American.
The research was published online on Oct. 2 in the journal Science.
Also on HuffPost:

Had nothing to do with BJP-Sena split: PawarPawar in Pune, Friday. (Source: Express photo by Arul Horizon)
Express News Service | Pune | Posted: October 4, 2014 12:55 am | Updated: October 4, 2014 9:25 am
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar has denied MNS chief Raj Thackeray’s claim that he engineered the split between BJP and Shiv Sena.
Speaking at a campaign rally on Thursday, the MNS chief had claimed that Pawar had conveyed to the BJP leaders that the NCP would break ties with the Congress if they broke their alliance with the Sena. On September 26, the NCP announced its decision to break the alliance, within an hour of the BJP making the decision to part ways with the Sena public.
Addressing the media in Pune on Friday, Pawar denied the charge. “I played no role whatsoever in the Sena-BJP break up. I must thank Raj Thackeray for portraying me as a leader who can influence the decisions of a rival national party. We announced our decision to break the alliance with the Congress the same day because there wasn’t much time left. With only 24 hours to go for the nomination filing deadline, we had to announce our decision so that we could file nominations for all Assembly constituencies,” said Pawar.
Pawar said he did not anticipate that the NCP would be forced to take the extreme step, as Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and several other senior Congress leaders had appeared “extremely positive” about continuation of the Congress-NCP alliance in Maharashtra.
“When I met Sonia Gandhi, she was extremely positive about the continuation of the alliance in the state. Several other senior leaders also shared her feelings. We also had several rounds of meetings with national leaders and state leaders. However, while these talks were on, we learnt that the Congress had announced a list of 110 candidates, which also contained names of constituencies which we had demanded. This showed their intentions, so we did not have any other option but to fight alone,” said Pawar, adding that the party had prepared to contest only 130-135 seats and, hence, had to do a lot of running around at the last moment to field candidates from all constituencies.
Pawar also said the Narendra Modi wave would not be a factor and ruled out a post-poll alliance with the BJP.

At least 3 killed  11 injured in two blasts in PakistanPress Trust of India | Islamabad/karachi | Posted: October 4, 2014 1:38 pm
At least three persons were killed while 11 others got injured on Saturday in two different explosions in Khyber-Pakhtukhwa province in Pakistan’s northwest and Quetta, the capital of Pakistan’s southwestern Balochistan province.
In the first incident, explosive material was hidden in a bag placed in a vehicle parked in Peshawar Chowk of Kohat city. There passengers died and four others injured in the blast, Geo News quoted a police official as saying.
Meanwhile, in the other incident, at least seven persons were injured when another powerful explosion rocked Quetta, police said.
A police official said that the explosive was fitted with vehicle loaded with fruits.
“The vehicle was parked on the roadside at the time of bombing,” he said.
A senior police official was apparent target of the blast as the explosion occurred when his vehicle was near the site of bombing, the reports said. However the official remained unhurt.
Nobody took responsibility for the attacks but the Taliban and Baloch nationalist often targets the civilians and security forces in their respective areas.

With huge search area mapped  MH370 hunt resumingPrint
Associated Press | Sydney | Posted: October 4, 2014 3:56 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 3:57 pm
In a bid to finally solve one of the world’s most perplexing aviation mysteries, the hunt for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is about to resume in a desolate stretch of the Indian Ocean, with searchers lowering new equipment deep beneath the waves.
The GO Phoenix, the first of three ships that will spend up to a year hunting for the wreckage far off Australia’s west coast, is expected to arrive in the search zone Sunday, though weather could delay its progress.
Crews will use sonar, video cameras and jet fuel sensors to scour the water for any trace of the Boeing 777, which disappeared March 8 during a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board.
The search has been on hold for months so crews could map the seabed in the search zone, about 1,800 kilometers west of Australia. The 60,000-square kilometer search area lies along what is known as the “seventh arc” a stretch of ocean where investigators believe the aircraft ran out of fuel and crashed, based largely on an analysis of transmissions between the plane and a satellite.
“We’re cautiously optimistic; cautious because of all the technical and other challenges we’ve got, but optimistic because we’re confident in the analysis,” said Martin Dolan, chief commissioner of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau, the agency leading the search. “But it’s just a very big area that we’re looking at.”
Two ships have been surveying the seabed using on-board multibeam sonar devices, similar to a fish-finder. The maps thus formed are considered crucial to the search effort because the seafloor is riddled with deep crevasses, mountains and volcanoes.
Two of the search ships will be using underwater search vessels worth around USD 1.5 million each.
“You can imagine if you’re towing a device close to the seafloor, you want to know if you’re about to run into a mountain,” said Stuart Minchin, chief of the environmental geoscience division at Geoscience Australia, which has been analysing the mapping data.
“In all sorts of ways we’re operating towards the limits of the technology that is available,” Dolan said.
Malaysia and Australia are each contributing around USD 60 million to fund the search.
David Gallo, who helped lead the search for Air France Flight 447 after it crashed in the Atlantic Ocean in 2009, said that even if the fuel tanks had survived the impact, strong currents in the search area probably would have dispersed any leaking fuel by now. Still, he said, it’s worth a try.
There will be between 25 and 35 people on each ship, and crews will likely work around the clock. The ships can stay at the search site for up to 30 days before they must head back to shore to refuel and resupply.
“The most efficient way is to keep going,” Dolan said. “But you have to be continued…

Asian Olympic boss slams India over cricket no showTweet
0
The head of the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) has launched a scathing attack on India over its refusal to enter a cricket team at the Asian Games, saying its decision was "killing" the sport.
Twenty20 Cricket was added to the Asian Games programme four years ago as a way to try and promote the sport in the region.
But India, the world's richest and most influential cricketing nation, has steadfastly refused to send a men's or women's team to either the 2010 or the 2014 Asian Games.
Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-SabahThe Board Of Control For Cricket In India (BCCI) said its players were too busy with their other commitments. The Asian Games, which ended in South Korea on Saturday, clashed with the lucrative Champions League Twenty20 taking place in India.
But the OCA president, Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Sabah, said India's stance was short-sighted and damaging the game.
"They are killing cricket, limiting the NOCs (National Olympic Committees) participating in cricket and killing the market," Sheikh Ahmad told a news conference at the Asian Games on Saturday.
"Sorry to say this as a sports fan, but this is the reality. This is why cricket is only a Commonwealth sport."
India has also opposed the inclusion of cricket at other multi-sports events, including the Commonwealth Games and Olympic Games, a stance that has put them at odds with other cricketing nations and players.
Sri Lanka, the current Twenty20 world champions, sent a team to the Asian Games and won the men's gold medal, beating Afghanistan in the final.
Pakistan won the women's gold medal for the second time in a row, but followed India's lead and did not send a men's team because many of its best players are competing in the big-spending Champions League.
Australia's players have been very vocal in arguing that cricket should be on the Olympic programme but the International Cricket Council (ICC) has been opposed to the idea.
Sheikh Ahmad, one of the most powerful men in the Olympic movement, said the OCA could not force India to compete at the Asian Games but he was disappointed by its stance.
"When we put a sport in a programme, we always wish to have the top athletes here," he said.
"I'm sorry that the Indian delegate did not attend. We have to respect their own request.
"The people in charge want money. This is not a sport, this is business," the OCA chief said.
"I hope in future they will understand to keep it as your baby in your chest -- it's not your personal toy, it's the people's game and you have to deliver it for the people.
"You can be rich by the game but you have to cover the other sector, and this is why cricket is still only a Commonwealth sport," he added.
The increasing influence of India's mega-rich Twenty20 leagues has come under widespread criticism in recent years with former players and administrators complaining it has become too powerful and could be fuelling corruption in the game.
Just last month, former England all-rounder Ian Botham called for the Indian Premier League (IPL) to be scrapped because it was taking players away from representing their own countries.
Botham said he also feared that the IPL could unwittingly fuel corruption and gambling -- a scourge which has tarnished the sport's image in recent years.
The current chairman of the ICC is Narayanaswami Srinivasan, an Indian industrialist who is currently being investigated over a betting scam on IPL matches.
Earlier this year, Srinivasan was ordered by the Supreme Court to stand down as president of the BCCI after his son-in-law was indicted for illegal betting on IPL.
"Corruption is enough of a problem in itself, but the IPL compounds that problem given it provides the perfect opportunity for betting and therefore fixing," Botham said.
(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Tiny Horse Lives Large With Labrador Palreddit
This pint-sized horse is a big celebrity.
Acer the miniature horse stands 22 inches tall and is said to be Britain's smallest horse . That distinction comes with perks. According to a Barcroft TV segment, posted to YouTube on Oct. 2, Acer makes himself at home on Maureen O'Sullivan's farm in Corringham, England, and at the local pub.
He corrals plenty of attention wherever he goes. But one place he's forbidden is around the big horses on the farm, because he might get hurt, explains O'Sullivan, who believes both of Acer's parents carried the dwarfism gene.
Demon, the black Labrador of the house, is around Acer's size, and the two get along smashingly. In fact, O'Sullivan says, Acer "thinks he's more of a dog than a horse."
As cute as the little guy is, he apparently isn't the world's tiniest equine. According to Guinness World Records, that honor belongs to the 17.5-inch Thumbelina in St. Louis -- at least as of July 2006.
H/T Laughing Squid
More:

J&K flood victims need long-term comprehensive health care:DoctorsNearly 10,000 patients have been examined.
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Ludhiana | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:51 am
People in the disaster affected areas of Jammu and Kashmir are reeling under severe health problems and economic difficulties. They require long-term planning for a comprehensive health care, economic uplift through massive aid by the central government. This was the impression gathered by the medical relief team which left Ludhiana on September 27 and returned on October 3.
The team which had split in two groups to work in flood-affected areas, found the cities stinking, distribution of relief material was too slow, major hospitals were still under water and much more. Nearly 10,000 patients have been examined.
Particularly women and children were found to be anaemic and poorly nourished. The infectious diseases particularly abdominal, skin, allergic reactions, joint pains were in very high number as a result of staying in water for long time. People were suffering from anxiety, post traumatic stress disorder, said Dr A K Handa. The doctor added, that the team was shocked to see the two major hospitals, the GMCH and JVC Medical College and Hospital still under water. Most of the small hospitals and clinics had been severely damaged. Almost all the equipment in these hospitals had been completely destroyed. Dr Arun Mitra, General secretary, IDPD and Former President IMA Ludhiana, who led the team said that they found filth and silt all around the city. The whole city was stinking. Many areas around the Jhelum river were still submerged under water.
Most of the commercial establishments were damaged. Many people lost their houses as well as shops.  The cleaning effort was found to be at a very low pace. This can pose a serious health problems from time to come.
There is need for a continuity of work on the health care and economic uplift of the people. There is need for proper planning to preserve ecology by preventing deforestation and adopting development strategy keeping the environment into consideration to avoid any such disaster in future, said Dr Manoj Sobti, former President IMA Punjab.
Major Sher Singh Aulakh (retd) from Bharti Jan Gyan Vigyan Jatha said that they appeal to the government to clear the city of garbage on war footings; immediately give sufficient aid to restore working of the medical institutions; to announce economic measures such as interest free loans for building houses and commercial establishments. Give aid to the economically lower strata.
The mission was a joint effort by Indian doctors for peace and development, Indian Medical Association, Ludhina, Rotary club Ludhiana greater, wholesale chemists Association, Ludhiana District Chemist Association, All India Bank Officers Association and All India Youth Federation.

8 booked for ferrying calves  attack oncopsSeveral police vehicles were damaged in the attack. (Source: Express photo by Javed Raja)
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:36 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 4:37 am
Ahead of Bakra Eid, a group of people clashed with the police on Friday midnight after a mini-truck, allegedly carrying calves for slaughter, was stopped. Eight persons have been booked for ferrying calves and attacking the police. The entire incident has been caught in the CCTV camera, the police said.
At around 1 am, a police team apprehended a mini-truck near Mirzapur meat market that falls under Shahpur police station in the old city of Ahmedabad.
Police officials claimed that the truck was carrying 14 calves and therefore it was detained. The FIR states that the driver of the truck and his assistants allegedly attacked the policemen on duty. Moments later, a group of persons led by one Mohammad Hanif alias Langda attacked the police team. They pelted stones in which several police vehicles were damaged.
However, the police said the situation was brought under control within couple of minutes. “There was a minor clash which we controlled within minutes,” said Virendra Yadav, Deputy Commissioner of Police, Zone-one. An FIR has been lodged against Langda and seven others.
VHP protests
The group of Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) members staged a protest on Saturday in Dariapur area of the city demanding ban on cow slaughter. Following the protest, the police detain about a dozen members. Earlier on Friday, in a press conference, the VHP announced that it would set up check points on the main entries of the city and keep vigilance of the vehicles ferrying animals.

Court refuses extension of Sharmas policecustodyPrint
Express News Service | Rajkot | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:28 am
A local court in Bhuj refused to extend police custody of suspended IAS officer Pradeep Sharma in connection with a corruption case on Saturday saying that sufficient time had been given to Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB), which is investigating the matter. Meanwhile, the court deferred the hearing of Sharma’s bail plea till Tuesday.
Sharma was arrested by the ACB on Tuesday and a court in Bhuj had sent him to five-day police custody. As his police remand expired on Saturday, the ACB moved the court and sought extension of his custody. The prosecutor submitted that the probe agency required Sharma’s further custody to verify signature of his wife Shyamal and also wanted to conduct searches at the residence of the officer’s mother.
The ACB had arrested Sharma under Prevention of Corruption Act alleging the officer allotted land to Welspun Gujarat Stahl Rohren Limited in Anjar taluka of Kutch below market rate in 2004 when he was collector of Kutch district.
The ACB further claimed that Welspun returned favour to Sharma by making his wife Shyamal a 30-per cent partner in Value Packaging, another company which had long-term contract of supplying packaging material to Welspun. Value Packaging extended financial benefits worth Rs 29.5 lakh to Shaymal who in turn transferred some of the money to Sharma from her bank account in Rajkot. The ACB suspected the veracity of documents provided to open the bank account since Shyamal lives in the US and sought further remand of Sharma on this ground.
However, Sharma’s lawyer Ratnakar Dholakia raised objection saying material related to the case was already in possession of Criminal Investigation Department (Crime) which was investigating another case filed against the IAS officer.
“The alleged offence in the present case was investigated by the CID (Crime) in an FIR lodged in 2011. We only requested and prayed to the court that second FIR is not maintainable. However, we don’t want to stall the entire process of investigation at this stage, but drew attention of the court that certain material relating to the case was already in possession of CID (Crime) and which was also submitted with the court at relevant time,” Dholakia told The Indian Express.
Sharma’s alleged connection with Welspun had come to light when he was allegedly caught by the CID (Crime) using a mobile phone purchased by the company and the firm had also paid Sharma’s bill for mobile services. This had happened while the officer was being investigated in another corruption case in 2011.
After hearing the arguments, Dholakia said that the court of additional sessions judge J B Dhandhal observed that sufficient time had been provided to the ACB and there was no ground to extend police custody of Sharma.
Incidentally, Sharma was one of the subjects of an alleged illegal surveillance mounted by Gujarat Police on a woman architect in 2009 on the instructions of then Minister of State for Home Amit Shah.

Three accidents in a day  advocate killed  8injuredThe damaged car outside Sector 19 police station in Chandigarh on Saturday. Source: Express
Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:27 am
In an accident which took place at the Fun Republic light point, Manimajra on Friday night an advocate in the Punjab and Haryana High Court, Urmila, 45, was injured and succumbed to her injuries in wee hours of Saturday. The accused, Sonu and the deceased were on two wheelers. Sonu was allegedly inebriated and escaped from the hospital.
The accident took place at 10 pm on Friday. Police received a call from a passerby. Urmila was coming from Manimajra and was going to Panchkula. Accused Sonu was on his way from Housing Board lightpoint and was going towards the Kalka road.
Sonu jumped the traffic lights and rammed his two wheeler into that of Urmila’s on the left side. “Urmila fell on the road and was conscious. A passerby took her the Civil Hospital, Manimajra from where she was referred to GMSH-16. Doctors at GMSH-16 referred her to PGI where she was admitted. Urmila had sustained a fracture in her thigh bone. She succumbed to internal injuries at 4 am”, said Station House Officer (SHO) of Police Station Manimajra, Inspector Charanjit Singh.
Her body was handed over to the family after postmortem that was carried out at GMSH-16 on Saturday.
Sonu was also taken to the civil hospital. The police officials said that Sonu sustained minor injuries and escaped from the hospital. “We have his address and his relatives are being informed. He was drunk and jumped the lights. Teams have been dispatched to arrest the accused. Police have booked him for causing death due to negligence.
In another accident which took place at the Sector 19-20 dividing road, three youths and a woman were injured when the driver of the car lost control and rammed the car into a tree. Assistant Superintendent of Police (ASP) East, Parvinder Singh said, “driver of the car was a minor who did not have a driver’s license”.
Two others, Sehbaz and Dansih are 18 years of age. According to their statements, all are residents of Sector 29. They were returning from Aroma and saw the woman, who is physically challenged and asked for a lift. The trio were trying to help her.
The woman, aged around 25 years was referred to PGI. She sustained a fracture in her leg. The three youths were discharged from the hospital after they were administered first aid. A case has been registered against the minor for rash driving.
The impact of the accident was such that the car was completely damaged and all the airbags were open when the police reached the spot.
In the third accident, a car rammed into an autorickshaw. Police said that it was a head on collision four of a family who were travelling in the auto were injured and the driver of the car was booked and the four members of the family continued…

Yuvraj Singh fondly remembers first cricket lessons in city  his firstloveThe moment I reach the Chandigarh airport, first thing that comes to my mind is that I am back to the place where I have hit thousands of sixes and broken hundreds window panes. Source: Jasbir Malhi
Written by Shalini Gupta | Chandigarh | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:24 am
Cricketer Yuvraj Singh might have shifted to Gurgaon from Chandigarh few years back, but his heart still beats for the city where he learnt the early lessons of cricket. Be it the Sector 16 Cricket Stadium, DAV School, Sector 8, ground or the ground at the DAV College, Sector 10, Yuvraj at 32 still remembers the time spent at these places during his growing years so vividly.
During his visit to The Indian Express office here for an Idea Exchange, the hero of 2011 World Cup triumph recalled, “I get very warm response from the people, friends and relatives living in Chandigarh whenever I am here. The moment I reach the Chandigarh airport, first thing that comes to my mind is that I am back to the place where I have hit thousands of sixes and broken hundreds window panes. I spent amazing years while I trained with my father Yograj Singh in Chandigarh. I was exposed to my first love, ‘skating’ in Chandigarh and that love is still there.
Yuvraj was in Chandigarh for taking part in the 21st JP Atray memorial cricket tournament from the Punjab Cricket Club (PCC) team. With 40 Tests and 293 ODIs behind him, Yuvraj Singh, shared more memories with the Express staffers and felt that he will pick up skates once again when he is retired from international cricket and pursue his passion. “I am still in love with skating. Although, I do not have time to start playing the sport again as I am totally involved in cricket but once I am over with my cricket career, I will be back in the skating rink with a bang.”
It maybe recalled that Yuvraj, who is son of former Indian Test bowler Yograj Singh, was coaxed to take up cricket by his father. Yuvraj was into skating while he was young and one day Yograj, threw away his skates and was taken away for cricket training at the Sector 16 Stadium. The swashbuckling cricketer, who holds the record for hitting six sixes in an over (He smashed England bowler Stuart Broad for six sixes in an over during the 2007 T-20 World Cup in South Africa), was also keen on starting up with his sports school near Chandigarh in order to help and nurture young talent in the region.
“It will be great to be near my roots and provide a platform to the youngsters at the grass-root level.” It was in the year 2012 that the Punjab government led by Prakash Singh continued…
I am still in love with skating. I am totally involved with cricket now but once I am over with my cricket career, I will be back in the skating rink with a bang

Hong Kong unrest continues; no dialogue in sightThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rare N Korea visit to South opens direct line to KimRare North Korea visit to South opens direct line to Kim
AFP
print
A shock visit by North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un's closest aides to South Korea has opened a high-level communication between the two rivals that has been missing for years, analysts said Sunday.
Whether it is a line of communication that will endure or produce lasting results remains to be seen, but Saturday's visit by a trio of top-ranking officials provided an opportunity that few saw coming.
"It's huge," said Andrei Lankov, a professor of Korean Studies at Kookmin University in Seoul.
"Apart from anything else, the level was pretty much unprecedented in terms of previous delegations to the South," Lankov said. "Essentially it provided a direct line to Kim Jong-Un."
It was led by Hwang Pyong-So, a newly elected vice chairman of the nuclear-armed North's powerful National Defence Commission who is widely seen as Kim Jong-Un's number two.
Accompanying him was another Kim confidante Choe Ryong-Hae and Kim Yang-Gon, a top ruling party secretary with responsibility for South Korean affairs.
The sudden visit was all the more surprising for coming after months of military tensions and vicious personal attacks in the North's state media against South Korean President Park Geun-Hye.
Seoul was only informed Friday of the trip, which was ostensibly made to coincide with the closing ceremony of the Asian Games in the South Korean port city of Incheon.
   
A 'very big deal'
"This was clearly no pro-forma visit. It was a very big deal indeed," said John Delury, a North Korea expert at Yonsei University in Seoul.
"If you are Park Geun-Hye and you want a credible channel to the leadership in Pyongyang, then this is your dream team," Delury said.
One immediate impact was an agreement to resume a high-level dialogue that has been in limbo for seven months. The last round in February had resulted in the North hosting a rare reunion for families separated by the 1950-53 Korean War.
President Park, who came to office in early 2013, has repeatedly said the door to dialogue with Pyongyang is open -- even a possible summit with Kim Jong-Un -- but insists the North must first take a tangible step towards abandoning its nuclear weapons programme.
"She's not going to be speaking with Kim anytime soon, but in the meantime this visit was about as big as it gets," said Delury.
"It was a golden opportunity for Park and the South, even if its just in terms of better understanding who they are dealing with," he added.
Park did not meet the North Korea delegation. The Unification Ministry said she had wanted to, but their tight schedule ruled out a visit to the presidential Blue House.
Park's National Security Adviser Kim Kwan-Jin, who Pyongyang had labelled a "confrontation maniac" just a few months ago, was the top South Korean official at Saturday's meetings.
   
Message about Kim's health?
Kim Jong-Un has not been seen in public for a month, fuelling speculation that recent state TV footage of him limping reflected a serious health problem.
State media had acknowledged the young leader was in some "discomfort", but the message from the top-level delegation was unequivocal.
"There is nothing wrong with the health of Secretary Kim," Unification Minister Ryoo Kihl-Jae quoted Kim Yang-Gon as saying.
Delury said Saturday's visit was partly aimed at showing the North still has its house in order.
"It's a way of saying that, even if there might be something up with the leader, the system is fine and we are even able to make bold gestures like this," he said.
As relations with its most important ally China have cooled, North Korea has gone on a diplomatic outreach of late, even sending its foreign minister to the UN General Assembly for the first time since 1999.
"There's a bit of a charm offensive going on, and this visit was part of that," said Lankov.
"The timing may seem odd given the verbal attacks on Park, but we've seen many times in the past that when the North uses the foulest language, it means it wants to talk," he added.
The South provided few details of the substance of Saturday's meetings, and most analysts warned against expectations of a dramatic breakthrough.
"It's an important visit, but it shouldn't be seen as marking any great policy shift," said Professor Yoo Ho-Yeol of Korea University in Seoul.
The cash-strapped North would like a resumption of lucrative cooperative projects, such as South Korean tours to its Kumgang mountain resort, as well as the lifting of unilateral sanctions Seoul imposed in 2010.

Its more power to the bureaucrats in Modilandprint
References to the ‘Gujarat Model’ were rife during the campaigning for the last Lok Sabha elections — both in glowing as well as not-so-glowing terms depending on which side’s spiel you were listening to. Nearly all those references related to the economic and social development of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s home state of Gujarat when he was chief minister there and the debate that swirled was about whether it was successful and could be transplanted elsewhere.
But the real Gujarat Model that is being replicated by Modi is not about development but about his style of governance. You needn’t look much further than New Delhi’s Raisina Hill to see why.
Read: Growth, job bait to woo Maharashtra
First a quick flashback to Gandhinagar, from where Modi as chief minister ran the state government for more than 12 years. Ringsiders, including journalists in Gujarat, have noted how his tenure was marked by his preference for empowering bureaucrats and according a degree of importance to them that often exceeded that of his ministers.
It is true that Modi had among his ministers a few that wielded some clout, including Anandiben Patel (his successor as CM), Amit Shah (now BJP president) and Saurabh Patel (still a cabinet minister in Gujarat with key portfolios) but his most trusted aides were all highly empowered bureaucrats whose appointments, transfers and responsibilities were closely controlled by the chief minister’s office (CMO).
Before Modi took charge as CM transfers and appointments of civil servants and senior police officers was a sort of an industry with everyone from local leaders of the BJP and the RSS to industrialists and businessmen able to influence those decisions. 
After he became chief minister, things changed. All appointments were decided by the CMO and frequent transfers became a thing of the past. The outcome of all this was a more stable team in the chief minister’s administration, which drew its strength mainly from a powerful bureaucracy.
Read: ‘Look East’ policy is now ‘Act East’
Less than five months into his administration, Modi as prime minister is transposing a model of governance that is remarkably similar to the one he had in Gujarat. His council of ministers numbers only 44 (there has been intermittent buzz about a cabinet expansion, but nothing has happened) with a few heavyweights, of course, but many first-timers; and the bureaucracy has been empowered far more than it has been in decades.
One of the first things that Modi did after he became prime minister was to hold a meeting with 77 secretaries of all government departments where he encouraged them to work fearlessly and proactively. This was followed by extensive presentations that each department made directly to the PM over the following weeks.
Those interactions, says a senior official in the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO), energised civil servants and boosted their confidence. Less abstract things have also happened: Modi has asked secretaries (and, notably, not their ministers) to identify 8-10 regulations in each ministry that can be done away with.
And on September 23, just before he went on his US visit, nearly 50 bureaucrats, mainly joint secretaries, got their assignments shuffled . Those changes were the outcome of an elaborate evaluation of each officer across a matrix of factors, including past experience, achievements, strengths and potential — a corporate-like exercise that was done by the PMO to ensure that pegs matched holes.
HT editorial: We need Modi’s brand of shock and awe
One criticism of the Modi government has been that it doesn’t have the bench strength of ministers that earlier regimes had; and that there are so few seasoned ministers that they have been overburdened with multiple portfolios. But there are many things that we’re seeing the new prime minister do differently.
In the past week itself he reached out to Indian-Americans in a New York stadium; he wielded the broom and swept New Delhi’s streets; and talked on radio to the citizens of India on the day of Dussehra. The real difference, however, is in the way he runs his government — leaning more on an empowered bureaucracy than a bloated council of ministers.
You can reach Sanjoy Narayan on Twitter @sanjoynarayan

Floods in Northeast: Fighting a lone battle in times of needComments
Assam’s valleys are used to floods. But what hit the state’s western region, bordering Meghalaya, last month was unprecedented; people there had never imagined that killer waters would rise up in moments and sweep their entire lives away.
Ask cousins Nayan and Rupam, 13. They both lost their parents when a flash flood — the result of incessant rainfall from September 20 to 23 — struck Kamarpara, a village of potters 100 km west of Guwahati.
River Singra, flowing down from the hills of adjoining Meghalaya to join the Brahmaputra downstream, never seemed like a threat to these villagers on higher ground. “We shifted here from a flood-prone area. We were wrong to think that the floods wouldn’t chase us,” says village elder Nakul Kumar, 69.
In Dilinga village nearby, Padma Das, 66, recounts the ‘water attack’. “Suddenly, we found ourselves in 10 feet of water. Our houses are damaged and paddy fields ruined,” he says.
These Assam villages were perhaps luckier than Bholarbitha in Meghalaya’s West Garo Hills district. River Jinjiram, a tributary of the Brahmaputra, wiped out more than 80% of this village’s 300 homes.
“Our village used to be inundated every monsoon, but this time was different. The current of the water was too strong; it was as if we were hit by a cyclone in liquid form,” says Zubair Hussain.
Villages in this part of Meghalaya, close to Bangladesh, are acquainted with Bordoichila, the annual springtime storm eulogised in Assamese folklore. But this year’s floods were an unprecedented disaster.
Meteorologists attribute it to unusually high post-monsoon rain, but ecologists blame it on climate change, encroachment on hill slopes and a degradation and even partial destruction of a network of wetlands that once were natural absorbers of excess rainwater.
In Meghalaya, chief minister Mukul Sangma admitted that illegal stone quarries have affected the ecology of the hills and the course of rivers.
“Letting people [mostly migrants] settle on riverbanks and sandbars has complicated matters,” says environment scientist JD Goswami. “All this is making the flooding more intense and more widespread.”
He has a point; this year, most of the 179 victims across Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Meghalaya were from areas beyond traditional flood-prone zones. And in the urban bustle of Guwahati, where a construction boom has claimed many beels or expansive ponds, a total of six died from drowning, electrocution and landslides.
Rescue operations began fairly promptly, as the affected areas have an active Border Security Force presence, in addition to the Army and units of the National Disaster Response Force.
Union minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju and union minister of state for sports and youth affairs Sarbananda Sonowal — both originally from the region — responded relatively quickly on behalf of the Centre, arriving to take stock of the situation.
But the victims, particularly in Meghalaya, complained of not receiving adequate relief.
This is a persistent problem in the flood-prone north-east. Though 179 people have been killed by flooding here in 2014 alone — 68 in Assam, 56 in Arunachal Pradesh, and 55 in Meghalaya — only Rs. 887 crore has been allocated in relief by the Centre; Rs. 674 crore of this for Assam. By comparison, when the city of Mumbai was inundated in the 26/7 deluge of 2005 — nine years ago — the Centre allocated Rs. 476 crore in relief funds.
Meanwhile, across 28 districts in the north-east — 23 of these in Assam — floods have caused losses worth an estimated Rs. 4,350 crore in infrastructure damage and crop loss this year alone, with Assam accounting for Rs. 2,010 crore of this loss.
“We are trying our best to provide succour to the victims besides offering compensation to families of those who have died,” says Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi.
Meanwhile, even online — where some local NGOs have gone to try and raise funds and material for relief operations — the response has been nothing like the outpouring, say, in the wake of the recent Kashmir floods.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced Rs. 2 lakh as compensation for the families of each person killed, promising to do more for the region as rain-bearing clouds threaten more havoc over the coming weeks. For the time being, though, the states and Centre are still arguing over who should do how much.
As Patricia Mukhim, editor of The Shillong Times, says: “The north-east will always remain a periphery. It needs bombs and blood and dead bodies to make news.”

Burdwan blast: Cellphones with jihadi video clips found at spotComments
The police investigating the blast in Burdwan on Thursday, which left two dead, have said that video clips of Islamic fundamentalist activities were found in the cellphones seized from the spot.
The officials have also started looking for the sixth suspect involved in the case and have released his sketch based on the description given by the landlord.
The landlord told the police that the man often visited the five people who took the house on rent.
On Thursday, an explosion in a house led to the discovery of a cache of arms and ammunition. Two people, Shakil Ahmed and Swapan Mondal, died in the blast. When officials reached the entered the site, they found the third person Abdul Hakim trying to burn two cellphones.
Rumi Bibi, wife of Shakil Ahmed, and Aklima Bibi wife of Hasan Saheb, have been detained in connection with the blast.
The landlord alleged that they had taken the house on rent and told him they were setting up a workshop for making burkhas.
The police have not ruled out terror links to the incident, but have sad it’s too early to say much.
“Unless our probe is over, we are not in a position to comment anything as we are not sure whether they are telling the truth,” said an officer.
The SIM cards for the two cellphones seized were purchased from Jangipur in Murshishabad, the police have found.
The NIA, CID and the police are all probing the incident.
A forensic team visited the spot on Sunday and collected samples. They also visited the banks of the Damodar river where the ammunition from the house were disposed.
 

Modi kicks off campaign trail in Maharashtra  HaryanaComments
Five months after a highly successful Lok Sabha election campaign, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is back to doing what he does best — working the crowds, wooing them with his one-liners and boundless energy. His request: absolute majority for the BJP in Maharashtra and Haryana.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at an election campaign rally in in Karnal. (PTI photo)
Kicking off his campaign for the October 15 assembly polls on Saturday, Modi slipped easily into his role of champion vote-seeker at his first rally of the day — in the northern state’s Karnal district. Accusing the ruling Congress and opposition Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) of neglecting farmers and promoting goondaism, he appealed to voters to give the BJP a chance.
Alleging irregularities in land allotment, he asked, “Who among the poor has got a plot? ...But where have thousands of acres of land disappeared, who has taken this? Does Haryana want to settle the account?”
In a veiled attack on the INLD, he asked the people if they would like to be governed from jail. INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala, serving a jail sentence in a corruption case but currently out on bail, had said he’d take oath as CM from Tihar.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being presented with a momento during the election campaign rally in favour of BJP candidates in Aurangabad. (PTI Photo)
Promising development and jobs, he hinted that Karnal may be part of his 100 smart cities project. And carrying forward his Swachh Bharat mission, he said, “We may be living in the age of Hi-Fi and Wi-Fi but safai (cleanliness) is equally important.”
Ending the day in Mumbai, he told a crowd at the Mahalaxmi Race Course, “Mumbai and Maharashtra’s growth is important for the country’s growth. I can’t leave Mumbai helpless any longer. The city is the birthplace of the BJP, which has achieved so much in such a short time.”
Attacking the ruling Congress and its ally, the NCP, but choosing to ignore former ally Shiv Sena, Modi said, “Amitabh Bachchan hosts a TV show, Kaun Banega Crorepati, but these Congress and NCP leaders have been playing Kaun Banega Arabpati all these years. Did 15 years of Congress-NCP government do any good to you, to farmers, to the poor?”
Watch: Modi, sounds poll bugle, tells Haryana voters to oust Congress
“Believe me, I can change Mumbai and Maharashtra. This is the city where most terrorist attacks happened, where most communal riots happened. Who is responsible? Do you not want to get rid of this?”
Earlier, in Beed and Aurangabad in drought-affected central Maharashtra, he appealed to voters to work towards a majority government of the BJP.
At each of his rallies, the PM also made it a point to recall his American trip, telling people, “I think small, but I think of doing big things for small people. Did India’s name ever reverberate in the US before? It did this time, not because of Modi but because of its 125 crore people.”
The audience, hanging on to Modi’s every word, didn’t have time for other speakers. Karnal MP Ashwini Kumar Chopra Minna had to leave his address mid-way after being booed. “I know you all have come to listen to Modiji, I can talk to you some other day,” he said.
Empty vessels make the most noise: Sonia Gandhi
Barely two hours after his Karnal speech, Sonia hit out at Modi at a rally in Meham, saying “empty vessels make the most noise”.
“They are creating such an atmosphere as if nothing has happened in the country since Independence,” she said.
"Has inflation come down? Is the poor man getting food at cheaper rate? Have the unemployed got jobs?" she asked.
Over the next 10 days Modi will be on a campaign blitzkrieg in the two poll-bound states, with over 10 rallies in Haryana and more than 20 in Maharashtra.
With no local face in these two states, the BJP is banking heavily on him for campaigning, especially since the party split with its allies, the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and the Haryana Janhit Congress in Haryana.

Ya it should b delistedCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dont buy the ship already sink. if u think of quick profit u have to b...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Wedding secrets: When love crossed religious barriersCelebrity Search
Bollywood and interfaith marriages
In Bollywood, love transcends everything else. When it comes to marriage, we appreciate the secular outlook of our stars.
When asked whether she will convert into Islam post her marriage,  Kareena said: "That's a very wrong question, which I will not be answering."
1 / 20
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look
Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Sun 18 Sep, 2011 3:54 PM IST
What do you prefer? Katrina and Kangna's (fake) pout or the fuller natural lips of Kareena and Madhuri? Take a look More » Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Celebrity pets
Tue 16 Sep, 2014 5:30 PM IST
Paris Hilton has gotten a new pooch for herself, which reportedly is said to be the world's smallest Pomeranian, and could even fit in a purse for $13,000. And she isn't the only one with pets. Bill Clinton, had a cat; and MJ had a pet snake! These celebrity pets are as famous as their masters. Take a look More » Celebrity pets
Designer Manali Jagtap gets engaged to Vicky Soor
Mon 8 Sep, 2014 1:59 AM IST
What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Fri 5 Sep, 2014 9:16 AM IST
Deepika was so excited that she gave our photographer a series of funny moments. Arjun was not far behind and the event was a fashion night out. More » What is Deepika and Arjun excited about
Today on Yahoo

Fights break out between HK protesters  Beijing supportersA pro-democracy student protester, left, argues with angry locals trying to remove the barricades blocking local streets in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong on Friday. (Source: AP photo)
Associated Press | Hong Kong | Posted: October 3, 2014 4:01 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 2:35 am
Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters have shelved plans for talks with the government on electoral reforms after mobs of people tried to drive them from the streets they have occupied for a week. The Hong Kong Federation of Students, one of the groups leading the protests that swelled to the tens of thousands earlier this week, said they saw no choice but to cancel the talks.
Hong Kong’s leader, Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying, proposed the talks late Thursday, seeking to defuse the standoff, the biggest challenge to Beijing’s authority since China took control of the former British colony in 1997.
The scuffles in Kowloon’s crowded Mong Kok district and other areas were the most chaotic since police used tear gas and pepper spray last weekend to try to disperse the protesters.
Police try to hold back pro-democracy student protesters during a scuffle on Friday. (Source: AP photo)
Pushing and yelling, hundreds of Hong Kong residents tried to force pro-democracy activists from the streets they were occupying on Friday as tensions rose. The protesters said that if authorities do not act to protect the unarmed, peaceful demonstrators, they would retract an agreement to hold talks with the city government. “Stop the violence or we call off the talks,’’ the groups of students and other activists said in a statement.
Police were hard-pressed to keep order as the two sides tussled in a tense standoff. The visibly older people trying to force the vastly outnumbered protesters out were yelling, shoving and at times trying to drag the younger protesters away.
The democracy activists linked arms and held hands as they tried to stand their ground against the huge crowd. Police formed cordons and escorted some of the protesters away as hundreds of onlookers chanted, “Go home!’’

Modi focus on khadi  special kidsThe audio address was aired live by most private satellite news channels as well. ( Source: Express photo by Anil Sharma )
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 4, 2014 4:08 am
A day after launching the Swachh Bharat Mission, Prime Minister Narendra Modi made his debut on public broadcaster All India Radio (AIR), and exhorted citizens to use at least one khadi product — even a handkerchief, towel or a bedsheet — so that the poorer sections of society can benefit.
“If you buy khadi clothes, the houses of the poor get illuminated… and these days, starting October 2, there’s a special discount available on khadi for almost a month, one can make use of that,” the PM said during his 15-minute “Man Ki Baat” programme that was aired by AIR and several private radio stations.
The audio address was aired live by most private satellite news channels as well. The PM said that he intended to make this a regular interaction, and was thinking of doing it once or twice a month, at 11 am on Sundays.
“Everybody should walk one step ahead… if you take one step forward, the country takes 1.25 crore steps forward,” Modi said, and asked all Indians to pledge on Vijayadashami to defeat evil and do something good.
“We need to recognize ourselves” and “recognize our inner strengths”, the PM said. He invoked Swami Vivekananda, and used anecdotes to drive home the point that recognising its strengths would put the country on the path to success.
“You know, our scientists have undertaken the Mars mission successfully at minimum expense. There is nothing lacking in our capabilities. We have only forgotten our strengths. We have forgotten ourselves, and become despondent,” he said.
The PM said he had received several suggestions — from making skill development a part of the school curriculum from Class 5 onward, to having special programmes for specially-abled children; and from installing more dustbins, to banning polythene bags, to making the process of registration of small scale industries easier. He invited the people to share with him their constructive ideas and inspirational incidents.
Specially-abled children were the “responsibility of not only their families but the entire society”, the PM said. They should be made a part of the journey of development, he said. He even recalled that as chief minister of Gujarat, he would attend a Khel Mahakumbh for specially-abled children.
The radio, Modi said, was a “simple medium” which reached far. “It will help me reach the houses of the poorest of the poor… My country’s strength lies in the hutments of the poor, it lies in the villages, in its mothers, sisters and youth, and its farmers. “I have faith in your strength, that is why I have faith in this country’s future,” he said.

The distance to disarmamentUpdated: October 4, 2014 01:12 IST
The distance to disarmament
international relations
The 1966 Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty remains on date the only agreement to prevent the spread of these weapons outside the original five nuclear weapons states.
The commemoration of the first International Day for the Total Elimination of Nuclear Weapons on September 26 was a moment for introspection. The Cold War is behind us and it is nearly 70 years since the catastrophe in Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Yet, why are nuclear arms the most contentious of all Weapons of Mass Destruction, and nuclear disarmament as distant as ever? The answers are not far to seek. The 1966 Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty remains on date the only agreement to prevent the spread of these weapons outside the original five nuclear weapons states. But then, there are more countries today that flaunt these terrible weapons as a symbol of military might and many more that are perhaps perilously close to their acquisition. This bleak history is a commentary on the discrimination inherent in the NPT. The treaty privileges the status quo; it obliges non-nuclear weapons states not to acquire nuclear weapons, without concomitant guarantees on disarmament from the Nuclear Weapons States (NWSs). The 1996 Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty aims to prohibit all tests and explosions. A potentially crucial deal, it has yet to come into force because not all of the 44 countries with nuclear power reactors would ratify it. The big players in Asia’s geopolitics including India have kept out of it, as has Washington.
Formal negotiations to finalise a Fissile Material Cut-off Treaty have not commenced in all these decades. At issue has been the question whether such a deal should cover existing or future stockpiles of plutonium and highly enriched uranium needed to produce nuclear weapons. The refusal of many non-aligned countries to sign up to a deal that would exclude current stocks from its purview, in effect preserving the hegemony of the NWSs, seem unexceptionable. The 2010 New START (strategic arms reduction treaty) limits the U.S. and Russia to 1,550 strategic nuclear warheads deployed on 700 strategic delivery systems. This is the most current legally binding and verifiable bilateral arms control accord between Washington and Moscow. Meanwhile, the five nuclear weapons free zones in different regions across the globe have not been backed by unconditional assurances by the original five NWSs not to use force. Against this overall backdrop, the recent global ban on chemical and biological weapons — other categories of WMDs — offers the hope of securing a similar abolition in relation to nuclear weapons at some time in the future. Efforts at the UN Conference on Disarmament towards the conclusion of a treaty may be long-drawn. But the stakes for world peace were never greater than they are today.

Ashwin rested  Kuldeep picked for first three ODIs against WIPress Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: October 4, 2014 5:37 pm
Rookie left-arm spinner Kuldeep Yadav was the surprise inclusion, while leg-spinner Amit Mishra was on Saturdayrecalled in India’s 14-member squad for the first three ODIs against the West Indies, starting October 8 at Kochi.
Regular off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin was rested while Murali Vijay also made a comeback in place of an injured Rohit Sharma in the squad announced by the BCCI secretary Sanjay Patel after a meeting of the selection committee in Bangalore.
The squad, to be led by Mahendra Singh Dhoni, had no place for seniors like Yuvraj Singh, Harbhajan Singh, Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag, who have remained in the sidelines for quite a while.
The 19-year-old Yadav, who hails from Uttar Pradesh, was the surprise inclusion and the lone new face in the squad, getting the nod ahead of experienced left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha.
Yadav was rewarded for his performance in the ongoing Champions League Twenty20 where he bagged seven wickets so far playing for Kolkata Knight Riders.
He will become the first cricketer in the last 10 years to make it to the national team without playing a single first-class or list A match.
Apart from the selection of Yadav, there was no other major surprise in the squad which had no place for Karn Sharma, Stuart Binny, Sanju Samson and Dhawal Kulkarni, all of whom figured in the 17-member ODI team that had toured England recently.
The pace department has seen no changes with Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Mohit Sharma and Umesh Yadav retaining their places.
With Ashwin rested, the spin department will be spearheaded by experienced leg-spinner Mishra in the company of Ravindra Jadeja and Yadav.
Vijay was lucky to get a place in the team after Rohit was ruled out of the series due to finger and shoulder injuries.
Shikhar Dhawan and Ajinkya Rahane are likely to open the innings with Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Ambati Rayudu and Dhoni batting in the middle-order.
The first ODI of the five-match series against the West Indies will be held in Kochi on October 8, followed by games in New Delhi on October 11 and Vishakhapatnam on October 14.
The last two matches of the series will be played in Dharamshala (October 17) and Kolkata (October 20).
Team for the first three ODIs: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (capt), Shikhar Dhawan, Ajinkya Rahane, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Ambati Rayudu, Ravindra Jadeja, Amit Mishra, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Mohit Sharma, Umesh Yadav, Murali Vijay, Kuldeep Yadav.
Kuldeep will become the first cricketer in the last 10 years to make it to the national team without playing a single first-class or list A match

Photos: Dussehra celebrations turn tragic in PatnaEYE BROWSE
Dussehra celebrations turn tragic
At least 33 people were killed in a stampede during Dussehra festival celebrations in Patna on Friday, most of them women and a few children.
A huge crowd had gathered at an outdoor venue for the burning of effigies at dusk, part of the Dussehra festival.
Officials said the stampede happened as people were leaving at the end of the event. Television channels quoted a witness as saying there were not enough lights when the ceremony ended.
Television showed shoes, slippers and handbags strewn over the ground. (Reuters)
Gallery View:Dussehra celebrations turn tragic

Chit fund scam: Union Minister Jual Oram urges CBI to seek information from Odisha minister & MPPress Trust of India | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 4, 2014 9:00 pm
With Odisha’s minister Damodar Rout and Rajya Sabha MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra accusing each other’s involvement in the multi-crore chit fund scam, Union Minister Jual Oram on Saturday urged CBI to seek information from both the senior leaders for a better investigation into the matter.
“Both Rout and Mohapatra have been making allegations and counter allegations against each other over the chit fund scam. CBI should seek information from both the senior leaders,” Union Minister for Tribal Affairs, Jual Oram said.
Oram said this referring to Rout’s allegation that Seashore Group CMD Prashant Dash was close to Mohapatra for which he (Dash) got certain benefits from the government. As Dash was close to Mohapatra, the Ponzi Group CMD could utilise Mohapatra’s influence on the government.
Mohapatra was expelled from BJD in June, 2012.
Dash’s ponzi group could get management of 11 government hospitals and some cold storages besides running certain tourist places. Seashore Group also got 100 acre of land at Umarkote to set up a maize processing plant in Nabarangpur district. “All these could be possible due to Mohapatra’s help,” Rout alleged.
However, Mohapatra denied having any link with Seashore Group CMD. He, however, admitted that Dash had visited him twice, once to give proposal to set up the maize processing unit and another time before launching of his television channel.
Mohapatra also alleged that Rout made allegations against him in order to escape from the CBI net.
“I had been demanding a CBI probe into the chit fund scam. I will cooperate the agency, if it seeks my cooperation,” Mohapatra said while replying to a question on Oram’s suggestion to CBI.

CLT20: I have learnt a lot in these seven years: RainaPress Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: October 4, 2014 11:48 pm
Having guided CSK to their second CLT20 trophy, Suresh Raina said that he has matured as a player taking cues from his contemporaries including Virat Kohli, who has shown the way with big hundred in ODI cricket.
“I have learnt a lot in these seven years. In the earlier years, there used to be Matthew Hayden along with Mike Hussey and also our coach Stephen Fleming, who helped me matured. In the Indian team, I learnt a lot from watching Virat Kohli convert starts into big hundreds in ODI cricket. Not to forget my partnerships with Dhoni. Also like to mention Yuvraj Singh’s name,” a beaming Raina said in a post-match interview.
“It’s important to perform on a big day. I believe they got 20 runs short bit I was determined to play till the end and see my team through. I have played Kuldeep, Yusuf bhai and Piyush earlier and wanted to be positive,” said Raina.
Having broken the trophy jinx after three years, Raina said that team environment has been key to CSK’s success.
“We have amazing players like Baz (Brendon McCullum), Faf (du Plessis) and Bravo and it’s an amazing atmosphere,” said Raina.
Skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni was happy with his team’s show.
“Overall it was a fantastic game for us,” said Dhoni. “To start off, it was a good toss to win. It was slightly difficult for the opposition bowlers. Our fielding was not up to the mark. In finals, you have to take the game to the next level. So we didn’t start well with too many easy misfields,”
he said.
He was all praise for young spinner Pawan Negi, who grabbed five wickets.
“Negi is not afraid to toss the ball. It was important to do that to get something out of the wicket. Just like Kuldeep was also not afraid to toss the ball. He has that variety and will only mature as he graduates into international cricket,” said Dhoni.
For Dhoni, more than anything else, winning four out of the eight finals (IPL and CLT20 put together) is not bad at all as it gives him a 50 percent success rate.
“What’s important is to get to the knockouts. After that you may win games, you may lose games. We have made eight finals, won four, I won’t say it is too bad. We made quite a few errors in the last two finals, so what we took out of those finals was really important. Raina was aggressive
throughout and he ensured he stayed till the end.”
KKR captain Gautam Gambhir said that he has been proud of his team’s performance.
“All of us should be proud of each other, the way we showed character,” said Gambhir.
Gambhir said that his team will only get better with time.
“The journey is not yet complete, it has just started. We thought 170-180 was a very good total, but in the second innings there was dew as well, it was difficult to grip the balls for continued…
For Dhoni, more than anything else, winning four out of the eight finals (IPL and CLT20 put together) is not bad at all

Never knew I will be playing for India at 19: KuldeepPress Trust of India | Kanpur | Posted: October 4, 2014 8:10 pm
He was heartbroken when Uttar Pradesh team management did not find him fit to be considered for playing XI in Ranji Trophy but after his maiden entry into the national ODI squad, rookie chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav wants to move on from that bitter episode of last season.
“Today is the day when my parents have been rewarded for the amount of sacrifices they made to make me a cricketer. I was disheartened and completely broken when UP management didn’t find me good enough to play Ranji Trophy. My parents and childhood coach consoled me a lot at that time. I started working harder and today, I am in the Indian team,” Yadav told PTI-Bhasha over phone from Bangalore ahead of CLT20 final.
Recently, Sunil Gavaskar in his column, praised Yadav’s performance in the ongoing CLT20.
“When Gavaskar sir praised me, it boosted my confidence and I felt like putting twice as much effort as I have been putting now. I feel as if I am living a dream right now. I never knew that at the age of 19, I will be playing for senior India team,” said Yadav.
Yadav’s father Ram Singh Yadav is an owner of a brick kiln and they live in a rented apartment having shifted from their native village in Unnao so that his talented son could pursue his dreams.
“Kuldeep’s talent came to light when I admitted him to a coaching camp. Once I knew that he was destined for bigger things, I decided to shift from Unnao to Kanpur, where there are better cricket coaching facilities. We live in a rented apartment here. Today me and my wife’s sacrifices have bore fruit,” Ram Singh was teary-eyed as he spoke.
UPCA president Rajeev Shukla congratulated the young spinner and his family on his selection in the Indian team.
“This is great news for UP cricket that another of our talented boys has been selected in the national team. I am confident that Kuldeep will perform well for the country just like Suresh Raina and Bhuvneshwar Kumar,” Shukla said.
I feel as if I am living a dream right now. I never knew that at the age of 19, I will be playing for senior India team

Man City pull off crucial win  Liverpool open accountLiverpool's Jordan Henderson (R) celebrates with Steven Gerrard after scoring his team's second goal during their match against West Bromwich Albion. (Source: Reuters)
Associated Press | London | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:01 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 1:49 am
Manchester City kept the pressure on English Premier League leader Chelsea by scoring late goals in a 2-0 win over Aston Villa, while Liverpool revived its faltering campaign by beating West Bromwich Albion 2-1 on Saturday.
Yaya Toure and Sergio Aguero produced moments of brilliance in the final eight minutes to break Villa’s stubborn resistance and provisionally move second-place City to within two points of Chelsea, which hosts Arsenal on Sunday.
“I have told the players that in May you are going to win or lose the Premier League by just a point or so, so every one you drop on the way makes it more difficult,” City manager Manuel Pellegrini said.
“It is very difficult to recover the points against a team like Chelsea, and the only way to do it is to win every game.”
Jordan Henderson set up Liverpool’s opening goal by Adam Lallana, and grabbed the winner against West Brom, lifting the anxiety around Anfield after the club’s run of three league games without victory.
“We needed to find a way to win today,” said Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, whose team has struggled to maintain the form of last season that swept it to a second-place finish behind City.
Liverpool’s problems are nothing compared to those of Newcastle, which remained winless this season after a 2-2 draw at Swansea.
The pressure on Newcastle manager Alan Pardew would have been fierce with another defeat but he was helped out by two equalizers from Papiss Cisse, who also scored twice to snatch a draw against Hull two weeks ago.
“Anybody who saw the game today will see the players gave everything,” Pardew said.
“It’s my job to try and lift the players and make sure there’s fight in their belly. The confidence will get better and this will give us belief.”
Sunderland beat Stoke 3-1, Hull defeated Crystal Palace 2-0 and Burnley scored through a 90th-minute free kick to draw 2-2 at fellow promoted side Leicester.
Toure has been criticized by some pundits for failing to keep up his high standards from last season, when he scored 24 goals for City in all competitions.
But the Ivory Coast midfielder showed his importance to the champions by finally finding a way past Villa’s American goalkeeper, Brad Guzan, who had produced a string of saves in a one-sided second half and also seen his goal frame struck by Aguero and Aleksandar Kolarov.
“I’m not a machine - I’m a man,” said Toure, who dribbled between two players and calmly stroked in a left-footed finish for his goal in the 82nd minute.
Aguero ensured there was no way back for Villa by collecting a pass just outside the area, giving himself space and smashing a low shot into the corner continued…
It was vital (we won). We needed to find a way to win today against a side that is really high on confidence

Islamic State militants behead British aid worker Alan HenningUpdated: October 5, 2014 01:28 IST
Islamic State militants behead British aid worker Alan Henning
Parvathi Menon
AP This undated image shows a frame from a video released Friday, Oct. 3, 2014, by Islamic State militants that purports to show the killing of journalist Alan Henning by the militant group.
TOPICS
terrorism (crime)
The Islamic State (IS) announced the execution of a fourth western hostage through a video that purports to show the trial and execution of the victim.
Alan Henning (47), a taxi-driver-turned-aid-worker from Manchester had been put on the IS’s equivalent of death row at the time David Haines, a Scottish aid worker, was killed three weeks ago.
Despite repeated pleas from Mr. Henning’s wife and other members of his family, and from Muslim organisations the world over, the IS went ahead with its promised action of revenge for U.K. air strikes against its bases in Iraq.

Govt agencies missing in paddy procurement  minister stepsinJayani went to the mandis of Fazilka to make sure that government agencies start purchasing paddy. (Source: Express photo by Gurmeet Singh)
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Ludhiana | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:57 am
Four days since the start of the paddy procurement season, government procurement agencies are still missing at most places, leaving farmers with no option but to sell to private agents.
After getting numerous complaints from farmers, Mandi board chairman and Bharti Kisan Union (Lakhowal) president Ajmer Singh Lakhowal today took up the matter with Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal. Health Minister Surjit Kumar Jayani went to the mandis of Fazilka to make sure that government agencies start purchasing paddy. The agencies purchased 154 metric ton paddy today.
Regarding the delay on the part of procurement agencies such as PUNSUP, Punjab Agro, FCI, Jayani said, “I myself went to the mandis and got procurement started, and 81 procurement centres have been established in Fazilka. Our duty is to get the work started and I have done that.” About 6.07 lakh metric ton paddy and basmati arrived in various mandis across the state till today, which is 2 per cent more than last year. Of this, 3.94 lakh ton is basmati. According to Mandi board records, 5.98 lakh metric ton has been purchased, the majority by private firms.
Sukhdev Singh Kokri Kalan, general secretary of BKU (Ugrahan), told The Indian Express, “We cannot see government purchase agencies in mandis. Private shellers are purchasing paddy below MSP (Rs 1400) from farmers and those who have compulsions are selling it below Rs 1400 per quintal. I could not find a single government procurer in Moga, Bathinda, Ludhiana, Ferozepur, Faridkot.”
Farmers are selling basmati at low rates compared to last year. The price of basmati was Rs 2000 per quintal while a few varieties were sold out in the range of Rs 2400-2800 per quintal compared to previous year’s price of not less than Rs 3500 per quintal.
Basmati, however, is not controlled by MSP and hence its prices are determined by demand and supply.

City-based survivors of breast cancer share stories ofcouragePrint
Written by Tanbir Dhaliwal | Chandigarh | Posted: October 5, 2014 9:00 am
Life has become beautiful and meaningful for those who have braved breast cancer. As the world observes October as Breast cancer awareness month, the city-based breast cancer survivors share their stories of courage and determination which did not let them succumb to the disease.
Right decision of getting breasts clinically examined has saved the life of Gurpreet Kaur, who is now motivating others to go for timely medical examination.
“I was living a healthy life, until my daughter started insisting me to get my mammography done. I ignored her every time, as I did not have any symptom. But, I was shocked when I saw the reports- I had breast cancer,” said Gurpreet Khaira, 72, retired principal from Government College, Dera Bassi.
In another such case, a few moments of breast self examination has given a new life to Neena Singh, 70 years old, breast cancer survivor.
“During self-breast examination, I found a lump in my breast and when clinically examined, it turned out to be breast cancer. For once, I was shattered but then the thought of my children gave me the motivation to live,” said Neena Singh.
“Never ignore an early symptom of breast cancer, learn to recognize the symptoms and if you are above 40 then get regular health check up done,” she advices.
Ranjana Tulsi, 66 was diagnosed with breast cancer around 15 years back. She still recalls the period when she underwent mastectomy and chemotherapy. “That period, has converted me to a different person altogether. I have become more confident now and live every moment, for I know the value of life,” Ranjana Tulsi said.
She has become a motivator for several other women who are suffering from breast cancer. “When I come across other women suffering from breast cancer, I tell them that I am a survivor and motivate them to win the fight against breast cancer. We have to accept the reality and move ahead in life,” she said.
All these survivors are the members of the Sahayata Charitable Welfare Society. They conduct regular educational programmes spreading awareness among women about the breast cancer and motivate them to get examination done.

Founders Day was like walking down the corridors ofnostalgiaBhutan king Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck gives awards to students during Founder’s Day celebration of Lawrence School at Sanawar on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Sahil Walia)
Written by Ifrah Mufti | Sanawar | Posted: October 5, 2014 8:55 am
A bunch of smiling faces—both young and old— lit up the Lawrence School’s Barne field on Saturday. They were the alumni of the institute who had come down from across the country to attend the 167th Founder’s Day celebrations and also the reunion, an old practice at the school.
As the students of 1954, 1964 and 1989 batches celebrating their diamond, golden and silver jubilees respectively presented a march-past on the occasion, the old Sanawarians said, “The Founder’s day cum alumni meet was like taking a walk down the corridors of nostalgia.”
The three-day 167th Founder’s Day Celebrations of the Lawrence School Sanawar concluded today with the ceremony of trooping the school flag and an NCC Parade by the students. Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuk, the King of Bhutan and his wife Jetsun Pema who is an alumnus of the school were the chief guests on the occasion. While, Lt General KJ Singh, GOC-in-C Western Command and his wife Anita Singh were the guests of honour.
Expressing gratitude and addressing the students, the King shared his moment of joy to visit his queen’s school. “This place is special to me as this is here, where I met the queen for the first time. I am thankful to this school for giving her a wonderful education,” said Jigme Khesar.
He further added, “I am happy to be here in the school, it is an extraordinary establishment. Many Bhutanese students come to Indian Institutes to take quality education, only to return with economic development. India has contributed a lot by promoting education in Bhutan. It is a bedrock of the Indo-Bhutanese friendship.”
Not only this, but the King also urged the students to safeguard their culture and spiritual heritage. “We must learn about the world we live in, we must invest the best in medicine and technology. But it is equally imperative to protect our values and cultural heritage,” he added.
Meanwhile, the school headmaster Praveen Vasisht read out the school annual report which included the achievements of the school in the allied fields of academics, sports, cultural and extra-curricular activities. Besides healthy exchange programmes, the school also made its presence felt in Round Square activities and community service. The chief guest felicitated the staff and the students on the occasion and later took a round of the school with his wife, who had passed out from school in 2008.
As the old batch mates shared their cherished experiences and fond memories of school, celebrities like Pooja Bedi, former Bollywood actress and television talk show host along with Omar Farooq Abdullah, Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir representing the batch of 1989 were also present during continued…

DU students to study Swachh Bharat Abhiyan s impact in DelhiOct 05, 2014 at  12:29pm IST
Delhi University students to study Swachh Bharat Abhiyan's impact in the city
1
0
New Delhi: Will people in Delhi stop littering the roads and spitting in public places as a result of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Clean India programme? What will be the campaign's impact?
These will be among the many aspects that students of Delhi University will study for a report which they will submit to Ministry of Environment and Forests after completion of five years of 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan'.
"Usually projects are launched by the government but this is a one-of-its-kind campaign. It is important to study its impact and success rate. Therefore, DU students will undertake this study for five years and suggest the policy makers about aspects where there is room for improvement," said P C Joshi, professor in DU's Department of Anthropology.
The study will be limited to the campaign's impact in Delhi and will also take note of contribution of various stakeholders in the success of the campaign.
#delhi #delhi university #swachh bharat abhiyan #clean india programme
The project will begin in February 2015. "We will study the problem areas identified during earlier research and will observe the changes - positive or negative - over the period of 5 years in those problem areas. After the completion of five years and culmination of the cleanliness campaign in 2019, we will prepare policy making documents and send them to MoEF for their consideration," Joshi said.
The study will be limited to the campaign's impact in Delhi and will also take note of contribution of various stakeholders in the success of the campaign.
The anthropology department had previously conducted a four-year-long study during 2004-2008 on the 'human civic behaviour in public places'.
"We surveyed over 120 localities and interviewed over 10,000 people in Delhi, Lucknow, Kohima, and Guwahati and studied the patterns of how people behave in terms of civic etiquettes in public. We will now revisit the same localities and study what is the impact of the cleanliness campaign," Joshi said.
A research on commuters maintaining cleanliness in Delhi Metro trains and stations had also been conducted, he added.
Meanwhile, DU's Geography Department has decided to conduct research on sustainable development options available in Delhi and give their suggestions to the MoEF.
"We have decided to reserve three seats in M.Phil course every year for research on sustainable development areas. Each research conducted will be on current issues and will be sent to MoEF to suggest measures to the ministry for constant improvement in the programme," said RB Singh, HOD, Department of Geography.
The nationwide 'Swachh Bharat Campaign', which was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 2, will culminate in 2019 on 150th Birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
3

Punjab: Tax raised to mobilise funds for development  says SAD10
0
Chandigarh: The Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) on Saturday supported the SAD-BJP led Punjab government's move to increase VAT on diesel, cold drinks and cigarettes, saying tax was raised to mobilise funds for development.
In a statement, SAD general secretary and core committee member Maheshinder Singh Grewal said the rate of diesel in Punjab was among the lowest as compared to other states in the country.
He said that it was appropriate for the government to increase VAT on diesel by only one percent keeping in view the State's agrarian economy. Grewal lauded the government's "bold" move to increase VAT on cold drinks and cigarettes by 5 and 9.5 per cent, respectively, saying the funds so generated could be used to give a further boost to development in the State. In a notification issued on October 1, Punjab Excise and Taxation department increased VAT rate on diesel (other than premium diesel), cold drinks (including aerated drinks, soda) and Cigarette and Cigar by 1 per cent, 5 per cent and 9.5 per cent respectively. Reacting to Punjab Congress President Partap Bajwa's statement on this issue, Grewal said the latter's statement had been made with the sole motive of warding off criticism of his own "failures". SAD general secretary said the PPCC President never voiced his resentment when petrol and diesel rates were increased scores of times during UPA rule. He also asked Bajwa to explain why he did not appreciate the move of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to cut petrol prices recently. Bajwa yesterday had criticised the state government for raising tax on diesel. PTI CHS TVS 10041929
The SAD general secretary said that it was appropriate for the government to increase VAT on diesel by only one percent keeping in view the State's agrarian economy.

Gujarat government to set up  sports schools  across stateOct 05, 2014 at 08:42am IST
Gujarat government to set up 'sports schools' across state
35
0
Ahmedabad: Gujarat Chief Minister Anandi Patel on Saturday announced the setting up of dedicated schools for sports in all districts of the state in a view to groom budding talent. "The state government will establish sports schools in each district and for that purpose a grant of more than Rs 33 crore has already been allocated," an official statement quoted the chief minister as saying.
She was speaking after inaugurating the fourth edition of 'Khel Maha kumbh', a state-level mega sporting event promoted by the government, in Bhavnagar district. 'Khel Mahakumbh' had been initiated by then chief minister Narendra Modi in 2010 to mark the golden jubilee of formation of Gujarat.
Patel said that her government will also set up a state-level table tennis and basketball academy in Bhavnagar and also a multi-purpose hall with an amount of Rs 15 crore for international championships. The Chief Minister also announced a synthetic athletic track in Bhavnagar with an amount of Rs 6 crore, to provide training for budding athletes, besides Swami Vivekanand gyms and fitness centres at tehsil level.
"Khel Mahakumbh is not just about playing and winning but also about instilling the spirit of sportsmanship," Patel said.
#gujarat #gujarat government #anandiben patel #khel maha kumbh
"Khel Mahakumbh is not just about playing and winning but also about instilling the spirit of sportsmanship," Patel said in a tweet later. "Gujarat government believes in nurturing sporting abilities among youth and Khel Mahakumbh is one such platform; Inaugurated 4th edition," she added.
9

Sushma Swaraj calls for support to BJP candidate Gian ChandGuptaPrint
Express News Service | Panchkula | Posted: October 5, 2014 9:21 am
On the occasion of her first rally in Haryana after the declaration of Assembly elections, External Affairs Minister, Sushma Swaraj, appealed to the people to vote for Gian Chand Gupta, party candidate from Panchkula constituency, in the upcoming Assembly elections. Swaraj was in Kalka to seek support for Latika Sharma, party candidate from Kalka constituency.
While addressing the rally, Swaraj said that Gupta was the right choice of the party as he is an honest and dedicated candidate. She appealed to the people to vote for BJP so that it can form the government in Haryana on its own without any support from outside. She further gave the assurance that BJP will ensure welfare of all sections of society.
She also said that once elected to power, BJP will start free pilgrimage facilities for senior citizens, double the strength of women in the police, build state-of-the-art sports stadiums, develop two universities having international standards, abolish slaughter of cows and ensure that poor people do not feel ignored.

South indian bank at 25.5 safe entry point with a minimum one year vie...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Post mortem is good but too late. all the birds who made money have ...Platinum Member
17 Followers
Post mortem  is good  but too late. All the birds who made money have flied off. There was never a focus on the co. The political interference killed the co. All the psus in India have been subjugated to  political control & miused. Therefore  reforms are a must.. Even now the progress on reforms has been inadequate & too slow. one of the main reason is the state elections in hand.All the important decisions  under the election code of conduct  are put in a limbo causing immense harm to economy. The existing Govt. has   also  got heaven sent opportunity crude oil falling. Time is running out. Act fast.

Mudra will beat jockey and lovable lingerie shortly . . . ......... .....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Tcs is a suitable place where i can invest .. seeing the current marke...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

They wore it; now you wear it too: Part IIBigg Boss 8
10 Sexy Celebrity Sari Blouses
The sari is no doubt the most elegant and beautiful piece of cloth. It can be worn for different occasions, in different ways to give you a different look each time. But, without a good choli, a sari is nothing. From backless to plunging necklines and fancy sleeves, the right choli can instantly add pizzazz to your traditional look. Take a look.
Image courtesy: BCCL

CERC gives FTIL more time to sell IEX stakeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Haider may not get Pak release  but Bang Bang on for Eid showHaider may not get Pak release, but Bang Bang on for Eid show
Imtiaz Ahmad , Hindustan Times  Islamabad, October 03, 2014
First Published: 15:20 IST(3/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:20 IST(4/10/2014)
 Pakistan’s censor board officials said on Friday they had not yet previewed the film Haider amid reports that the Bollywood adaptation of Hamlet may be banned in Pakistan because of controversial sections related to Kashmir.
Haider
Zareef Abbasi, spokesperson of the Central Board of Film Censors in Pakistan, told the media the question of banning the film “does not arise” as distributors had still not presented the film to them.
“The question of banning any film or allowing its screening arises after it is presented to the board,” he said.
Pakistani distributors are adopting a wait-and-watch as they want to see how the film plays in Indian cinemas before they decide to import it as they do not want to risk the movie being banned.
While director Vishal Bhardwaj’s take on the Shakespearean tragedy set against the backdrop of sectarian strife in Kashmir may not hit Pakistani screens immediately, the country’s primary movie importer has already billed action film Bang Bang for release on Eid.
“Haider is more of an art film. It is not the movie that grosses millions,” said film critic Zulqarnain Shahid.

Funny pics: What makes us truly Indian!Photo uploaded by Nina S
on Jul 03, 2014 , 11:44 am
41531 Views  |  16  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Mumbai Metro gets soaked in rainwater! This is something which can only happen in India. Image courtesy: Facebook
Mumbai Metro gets soaked in rainwater! This is something which can only happen in India. Image courtesy: Facebook

Shweta Tiwaris controversial lifePhoto uploaded by Lipla Bhatt
on Oct 01, 2014 , 12:19 pm
8237 Views  |  13  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Tv actress Shweta Tiwari has more often than not made more news for her off-screen disagreements than her on-screen ones.  Image Source: Procured via Google Search.
Tv actress Shweta Tiwari has more often than not made more news for her off-screen disagreements than her on-screen ones.  Image Source: Procured via Google Search.

Paoli Dams raunchiest photosPhoto uploaded by Damini Mahajan
on Apr 17, 2012 , 03:31 pm
7021 Views  |  9  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Paoli Dam is a Bengali actress who started her career in 2004 with the Bengali television serial Jibon Niye Khela. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images
Paoli Dam is a Bengali actress who started her career in 2004 with the Bengali television serial Jibon Niye Khela. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images

Happy New Year launches reality show for dance loversentertainment
Happy New Year launches reality show for dance lovers
No technique, no training, only dance 'dil se' -- that's the premise of 'Dil Se Naachein Indiawaale', a new reality show launched along with the team of forthcoming Bollywood entertainer 'Happy New Year' in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
'Happy New Year' director Farah Khan along with the film's actors - Shah Rukh Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah -- launched the show at a  press conference, where the media sampled the vivacious energy of two participants. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Shah Rukh Khan said he believes that the show is a 'perfect fit' for the movie, a heist drama which comes from his home production Red Chillies Entertainment. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Farah and Boman are seen doing an impromptu jig, while Sonu and Abhishek regaled the audience with their bits of dance. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The show's format requires the film's actors to be "Agents of Happiness", and in this role, they will judge participants in four cities -- Mumbai, Delhi, Indore and Ahmedabad via a joyride on a "Happy Dancing" bus.
Sonu Sood shows off his dancing skills. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Talking about the show, which takes film integration on TV and multi-city promotional tours for movies to another level, Shah Rukh Khan said: "It is an amazing brand fit for our film, which also is a story of how a group of non-dancers go on to win hearts because se dances 'dil se'." (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Shah Rukh Khan voted India s undisputed No. 1  marketing savvy star  in the Screen Annual Survey 2014Miscellaneous
Shah Rukh Khan voted India's undisputed No. 1 'marketing savvy star' in the Screen Annual Survey 2014
PriyankaSinha | Mumbai | Updated:  Oct 05 2014, 03:28  IST
Oct 05 2014, 03:28  IST
 

The 10 best Fix posts of the weekBy Chris Cillizza October 4 Follow @thefix
If you're anything like me, you use the weekend to get caught up on all the stuff you missed during the week.  With the Fix growing -- we are soon to have six full-time people! -- we are producing lots and lots of great content throughout the week.  I put together a list of the stuff I like best every Friday night and send it to our team but I thought it made sense to share that with you too. Here are my 10 favorite Fix posts of the last week. Enjoy!

Hrithik Roshan s  Bang Bang  box office collections at Rs 24 cr on day 2Home
Miscellaneous
At Rs 24 cr on day 2, Hrithik Roshan's 'Bang Bang' box office collections fail to pack a punch
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 05 2014, 14:28  IST
Oct 05 2014, 14:28  IST
 

Women-only biking club: Girls on wheels break barriers  stereotypesComments
Considered an epitome of everything ‘macho’, one of the last bastions — biker clubs — have been breached.
Several women-only biking clubs and communities have come up in the past couple of years with names marrying the desi with the trendy such as Bikerni, Riderni, Hop on Gurls, The REgals, Bengal Lady Bikers.
And the machines they ride are as menacing as their passion for biking. For most of them it is a statement of their confidence and freedom. If earlier they rode pillion wearing T-shirts with messages such as, ‘Don’t mess with me, my boyfriend rides a Bullet’, now they are in the driver’s seat and the message is loud and clear: ‘I am trespassing, deal with it’. 
Talk about bikes and Seema Sharma Dora, 42, a Delhi-based lawyer starts shifting gear in her head. At about 6am every Sunday, she puts on her biking gear — helmet, padded jackets, gloves, trousers, and riding boots — hops on to her bike — a Yamaha FZ-1 1000cc — and heads straight to either Greater Noida Expressway or GT Karnal Road for her weekly rides.
“When I ride my superbike, I feel I am on top of the world. It is quite an empowering and liberating experience,” says Dora, a member of GODS, a group of Delhi superbikers. 
“When I take off my helmet and people realise that a woman is riding the big bike, they gawp in shock and surprise. What everyone needs to understand is that gone are the days when girls rode scooters and boys the bikes,” says Dora (pic on right).
Bikerni, which was formed in 2011 with 14 girls, now boasts over 515 members across the country with chapters in cities like Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, etc. The group has regular meet-ups and organises all-women biking expeditions across the country.
“The idea behind the association was to promote motorcycling among women and encourage them to fulfill their desire for adventure,” says Urvashi Patola, who co-founded Bikerni. “We are not a group of unruly bikers. We believe in safe riding and promote safe riding.”
But then how safe is it for an all women group to go on cross-country trips? Patola says women are advised to take some safety measures such as not stopping at isolated places and keeping a paper spray with them.
Most states in the country, except Harayna, are pretty good for women riders, she says. “Women bikers are alert and can anticipate risks. Biking has boosted my confidence, made me bold and independent,” says Patola, who won the Female Biker of the Year Award in 2013.
This social media strategist started biking at the age of 14 and is now on the road for half of the year.
For many women, biking is about breaking free. Stuti Rastogi, 20, a Delhi University student started riding bikes to prove that the vehicles are not just ‘boys’ toys’.
“For me biking is not just about fun, it is also about freedom,” says Rastogi who rides a CBR250 and is a part of the Free Souls Rider -- a Delhi-based group of bikers. “I ride a 250cc bike because I do not have money to buy a more powerful one. In fact, my parents who are in Kanpur do not know about my riding expeditions,” says Rastogi who has just returned from a biking trip to Mana Pass, near the Indo-China border.
Not just biking communities, now there several motorcycle training institutes catering mostly to women. Delhi-based Vintage Rides Motor Cycling Training offers ‘customized, one-on-one, motorcycling training sessions at Tughlakabad ground, to both rookies and advance riders. The training costs Rs. 10,500 for a 10-hour training split over a few days.
“As much as 90% of our trainees are women, mostly young executives and students. A lot of them are also expat women. We customize our training on the basis of their needs and  skill level. Women are dedicated and fast learners,” says V Srinivas, head of training programme.
Geraldine Rage, a French expatriate who learnt biking at the institute is quite impressed with India’s biking scene. Rage not only commutes to her office in Okhla on her motorbike but also takes several European women on biking trips around the country. “A lot of women from biking clubs in Europe are coming to India for biking trips. India has much more adventurous biking tracks than France,” says Rage, who lives in Kalkaji.   
Geraldine Rage
Women’s growing  interest in biking is also reflected in the soaring sales of women biking gear and apparel. iRIDE, an online biking gear retailer, currently sells five times more to women than it did two years back. “A couple of years back there was hardly any demand for women biking gear. We used to sell about 60 biking T- shirts for women in a year. Now, we sell about 600 in a year. Interestingly, these days we sell a lot of pink helmets,” says Kaustubh Mishra, CEO of the company.

The iPhones bendy debateE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Golf tourism tees off in Kerala  likely to boost sagging spirits post alcohol prohibition policyGolf tourism tees off in Kerala, likely to boost sagging spirits  post alcohol prohibition policy
M Sarita Varma | Thiruvananthapuram | Updated:  Oct 05 2014, 06:00  IST
Oct 05 2014, 06:00  IST
 

How data analytics can enhance sporting perf...How data analytics is becoming important to enhance performance of sporting fraternity
5 Oct, 2014, 05.58AM IST
Nutrition, fitness and training are the primary factors contributing to a player’s performance. Now add technology to that.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Anil Valluri
In the first week of September, at the US Open quarter final, Roger Federer defeated Gael Monfils in a stunning comeback. My son told me it was Roger Federer's eighth such win (after losing the first two sets of a match). It was about half past eight in the morning, but my 12-yearold gave me not just an enthusiastic audio replay of the match but was able to trot out seemingly trivial data about multiple sports that suddenly sounded very relevant. That got me thinking. Sports and data — more specifically data analysis — have long been partners.
Nutrition , fitness and training are the primary factors contributing to a player's performance. Now add technology to that. Vast amount of data is generated every second a ball is kicked or putted or when a Formula 1 race car flashes in front of a thrilled crowd. All this falls in the category of unstructured data which in turn requires efficient data management solutions. This data when churned using powerful Big Data tools delivers useful statistics and insights — right from individual performance to a team's ability to function and hopefully win.
The Numbers Game
It's not about the data alone but what you do with it that counts. Vividly brought to life in the Brad Pitt starrer Moneyball, picking a player for a particular match is now increasingly based on analysis of past match performance data. In the football transfer market, a player's true value is determined by analytics algorithms. Likewise, the final verdict on how a nation is likely to fare in global competitions will take variables like past performance, upcoming talent, competition and weather and put them through the data analysis grind. To put it in cricketing terms, a bowler's decision to deliver either a bouncer, yorker, in-swing or out-swing to a particular batsman rests heavily on the behavioural study of the batsman's likelihood of being dismissed to that delivery. Big Data analysis empowers the bowler to take informed decisions and perform at his best.
For a country where cricket is a religion, India has certainly been rising on the global sports map. There was a badminton league, two kabaddi leagues and of course the Indian Premier League (IPL) along with the ongoing Champions LeagueT20 and Asian Games. Still to come: the Indian Super League and the International Premier Tennis League. Yes, India is getting serious about sports, and this is a bugle call for the entrepreneurial mind. The time is ripe to capitalize on the growing popularity of sports.
Data analytics is no longer an option, it is a necessity for all in the sporting fraternity. There is a lot already happening in this sector. Companies such as Sporting Mindz provide a range of analytical solutions to help the coach, players and teams to enhance their performance along with providing interactive applications for fan engagement and data visualization. Similarly SportsMechanics, a sports technology, performance and data analytics company, has partnered with some IPL teams to enhance performance. Can some innovative data scientist help create a cricket or football team (for starters) that will win a majority of matches both home and away? We'd like that surely. Or help create the right doubles team in tennis? Or help the golfer study the green and evaluate the best path to the 18th hole? There is no dearth of takers.
Technology will never take the place of talent, training, fitness, teamwork and all those things that make sport such a joy to play and watch, but it can certainly put some solid science into the business of winners' luck and give them the winning edge.
Meantime, with the smartphone and tablet market flourishing in India, the apps ecosystem is abounding with innovation. A TechNavio report forecasts that the global sports and fitness apps market will grow at a compounded average rate of 23.78% in 2013-2018.
Sporting apps are a hot favourite with gamers. Already every sporting event is associated with more than 100 apps available for consumers to watch live matches, check scores along with the break-up of a player's performance; not just in the match but in the tournament as a whole. Apps like ESPN Cricinfo, Gocricket, FC Barcelona and Cricbuzz are created by Indian company Robosoft Technologies.
Page 1 of 2

Atletico Madrid sunk at Valencia while Barcelona march onE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Put idle gold stock to use  cut down imports  says World Gold CouncilPut idle gold stock to use, cut down imports, says World Gold Council
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Updated:  Oct 05 2014, 08:33  IST
Oct 05 2014, 08:33  IST
 

Empty grenade in PMs standby plane  probes onComments
A dummy stun grenade was found on Saturday aboard an Air India Boeing 747 aircraft, one of two standby planes for Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent US visit.
As it turned out, the fake grenade had been used by the National Security Guard (NSG) for an ‘aircraft intervention drill’ a day after the PM’s departure, when the plane was released for commercial use and flown to Mumbai.
But given that such a lapse took place on an aircraft that was to serve as a replacement for Air India One if the need arose, the incident has exposed a gaping hole in the country’s aviation safety.
After its release to Air India on September 25, the double-decker plane flew on the Mumbai-Hyderabad-Jeddah route on Friday and landed in the Saudi Arabian city early Saturday, when the discovery was made by cabin crew.
In response, Air India dismissed the “suspicious object” found on the upper deck of business class as a “plastic wrapper”, and also denied the plane was a stand by aircraft for the PM.
But late evening, civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju confirmed the discovery of the empty stun grenade, calling the incident a “serious security failure”.
The government suspended four AI employees, including security managers at Mumbai and Hyderabad airports, and appointed a high-level inquiry committee chaired by AI’s joint managing director Nasir Ali. Ground-handling officers and security supervisors could also face strict action.
The NSG has said it will probe the matter. “We have ordered an inquiry to see how even an empty casing of a stun grenade, which was without any explosive material, was left behind,” said a senior NSG official. The Special Protection Group, responsible for the PM’s security, will also look into the incident.
No actual weapons or explosives are used in such drills, a senior security official said. In fact, the NSG — the country’s elite anti-hijacking and anti-terror commando force — gives a certificate to AI saying no live ammunition will be used.
The 747’s crew noticed the grenade as it rolled out from beneath one of the seats.
The pilots informed Jeddah air traffic control and the plane was moved to a remote bay for checks. “Had it come to light when the plane was airborne, it would have led to force-landing, resulting in a mid-air scare,” said a security source.
The grenade carried the marking ‘anti-riot stun grenade’ and was produced at the BSF’s Tekanpur-based Tear Smoke Unit.
In Vizianagaram in Andhra Pradesh, the civil aviation minister said, “Corrective measures must be taken. The incident must not be repeated.”

A class with a difference: Teacher who educates by setting poems totunePrint
Written by Ritu Sharma | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 5, 2014 9:43 am
Taslima Sheikh (30) a vidyasahayak (temporary teacher) at Shree Olvan Government Primary School in Una of Gir Somnath district has four years of teaching experience. In these years, she turned educating into an interesting experience by recording the poems sung by her students in class, on her mobile phone and uploading on YouTube.
The poems are sung by her students in the class with actions. And the irony is that her school in this small village near Diu, has no Internet connectivity.
Sheikh has turned more than 70 poems in Hindi, English, Gujarati and even Sanskrit of Class VI, VII and VIII into melody without using any musical instrument. She has set these poems in various ragas that not only help students to have a better understanding of music, but also they increase their interest and retention. Further, to retain students’ interest, she has also added actions with these melodious poems.
Several videos have been uploaded of primary children singing rhymes like “Grandfather’s glasses”, “I live in a funny town where every thing is upside down, bird walk and humans fly….”, and “There were five in the bed and the little one said, Roll over, roll over, roll over, so they all rolled over and one fell down….”. The English poems are the most popular ones with maximum views.
Another one in Sanskrit rhymes, “Jai jai hey bhagvati sur bharati, tav charano pranaamam, naad brahm mayi, jai vaagiswari, sharanam te gachchham…” of Class VII.
It is surprising to see how students who find difficulty in reading and writing in English and Sanskrit languages follow these poems. With Sheikh’s efforts, they find it interesting and easy to learn and can easily sing these without a fumble.
“With the introduction of new textbooks a year back, the teachers faced difficulty in teaching poems to students. I came across this problem during teacher training sessions. Having studied in a government school throughout and now teaching students at government school, I understand what kind of problems one has to go through,” said Sheikh who is also a Resource Person (RP) and Master Trainer (MT) for her district.
It was then that she decided to come up with such an initiative where students can easily understand and enjoy these rhymes. Initially, she started with 3-4 Hindi rhymes in Class VI and VII. She recorded the audio and shared it with other government teachers during assembly and training sessions.
Soon, these got hit among students and teachers demanded more poems turned into songs. With a masters in English and BEd and without any formal training in music, Taslima decided to convert these audio files into video clips.
“Initially, I could not find a professional videographer to shoot these poems as the minimum charge demanded for shooting one poem was Rs 100. With a monthly salary of Rs 5,300, it was very difficult for me to pay this amount. So, I decided to shoot these poems on my mobile phone in the actual classroom conditions without any musical instrument. As using musical instruments was also out continued…

Mass grave found near Mexico town hit byviolenceState police guard the road leading to the site where an alleged clandestine grave was found near the town of Pueblo Viejo, Mexico, Saturday, Oct. 4, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Iguala | Posted: October 5, 2014 9:36 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 3:57 pm
A clandestine grave site with multiple burial pits was found outside this city where violence last weekend resulted in six deaths and the disappearance of 43 students after protesters clashed with police, Mexican officials said Saturday.
Guerrero State Prosecutor Inaky Blanco said the grave site was on the outskirts of Iguala, a town about 120 miles (200 kilometers) south of Mexico City. He did not say how many bodies were in the graves and declined to speculate on whether the remains could be the missing students.
“It would be irresponsible” to jump to conclusions before tests to identify the bodies, Blanco said.
Guerrero state Gov. Angel Aguirre said the victims had been “savagely slaughtered.”
About 100 soldiers, marines and federal and state police cordoned off the area and kept journalists away from the burial pits, which were found on a hillside in rugged territory of Iguala’s poor Pueblo Viejo district.
Juan Lopez Villanueva, an official with the federal government’s National Human Rights Commission, said a total of six pits had been discovered but did not specify how many bodies were found. He also did not comment on whether the remains could be the students.
Blanco said eight more people had been arrested, adding to the 22 Iguala city police officers detained after a confrontation with student protesters late Sept. 27 set off a series of violent incidents in which six people were shot to death and the 43 young people were reported missing.
The prosecutor has said state investigators had obtained videos showing that local police arrested an undetermined number of students after the clash and took them away.
Blanco said some of the eight newly arrested people were members of an organized crime gang, adding that some of them had given key clues leading to the discovery of the mass grave.
The governor said earlier in the week that the investigation into the students’ disappearance was looking at possible involvement of organized crime, which he charged has infiltrated the town government.
Vidulfo Rosales, a lawyer for a local human rights group who is assisting the families of the missing students, said before the burial site was found that relatives believed police turned the youths over to a drug gang.
“The suspicion, the hypothesis, is that they are being held by organized crime gangs that operated in collusion with the police,” Rosales said.
State prosecutors have said the first bloodshed occurred last weekend when city police shot at buses that had been hijacked by protesting students from a teachers college. Three youths were killed and 25 people had wounds.
A few hours later, unidentified masked men fired shots at two taxis and a bus carrying continued…

HK protests: Riot police fight back Hong KongdemonstratorsPrint
A student protester rests next to a defaced cut-out of Hong Kong's Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying at one of their protest sites around the government headquarters, Tuesday, Sept. 30, 2014, in Hong Kong. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Hong Kong | Posted: October 5, 2014 9:28 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 1:10 pm
Fresh clashes broke out at Hong Kong’s pro-democracy protests early today with riot police using batons and pepper spray to fight back demonstrators, as student leaders reopened the door to talks with the government.
READ: Protesters rally to defy street attacks, threats from govt 
With the protest movement entering its seventh night, tens of thousands of Hong Kongers gathered for a peace rally in the downtown Admiralty district near the government headquarters chanting “Peace! Anti-violence!” and singing democracy anthems.
A religious group prays for peace in the pro-democracy protest site near the government compound, Saturday, Oct. 4, 2014 in Hong Kong. (Source: AP)
But across the harbour in the city’s densely packed Mong Kok district tensions flared anew, as crowds of baying protesters surrounded police, accusing them of cooperating with gangsters, according to AFP reporters at the scene. Police responded with pepper spray.
READ: Hong Kong police arrest 19 in protest clash
Pro-democracy protesters have taken to Hong Kong’s streets all week to demand the right to nominate who can run as their next leader in 2017 elections. Beijing insists only candidates it has approved will be able to stand. Student leaders said early today that they would meet the government if certain conditions were met, having scrapped planned negotiations the previous day over anger at police actions in earlier clashes.
Pro-democracy student protesters stage a rally on a occupied road in Mongkok district, Hong Kong, Sunday, Oct. 5, 2014. (Source: AP)
In Mong Kok, a working-class district of shops and residences that was also the site of ugly scenes Friday, furious protesters claimed anti-democracy agitators from the city’s triad mobs were being arrested — only to be released back into the crowds again. “The police have been cooperating with gangsters,” said David Chan, a 22-year-old student.
“We have witnessed the police letting go of the gangsters. That’s why the peaceful protesters are so angry, We have no trust in them any more.” Hong Kong’s main student union, HKFS, said in a statement: “The government should investigate why the police were so lax in enforcement, accusations of helping criminals and to give an explanation to the public as soon as possible.”
Pro-democracy protesters stage a rally on a occupied road in Mong Kok district, Hong Kong, Sunday, Oct. 5, 2014. (Source: AP)
It came after two of the city’s busiest continued…

Express 5: Manmohan writing his own tell-all; Indian jihadist group calls for attacks on westernnationalsThe book, which he started writing in 2008, will keep aside few chapters to give an “honest account” of what transpired between his office and Congress president Sonia Gandhi, sources said.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 9:23 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 9:28 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories before you start your day.
Manmohan writing his own tell-all
Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is writing a book that will attempt to “leave a historic chronicle of contemporary lives”.
The book, which he started writing in 2008, will keep aside few chapters to give an “honest account” of what transpired between his office and Congress president Sonia Gandhi, sources said. Singh’s first term as PM ended in 2009.
I&B top brass flagged RSS chief’s speech to minister
Information & Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar may have stated that he had no idea about Doordarshan’s live telecast of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat’s speech and that he learnt about it late Thursday night, but inquires made by The Sunday Express have revealed that senior officials had, in fact, brought up the matter during a meeting in Javadekar’s office on Thursday evening — a day before the telecast.

It s power to bureaucrats in Modi govtprint
References to the ‘Gujarat Model’ were rife during the campaigning for the last Lok Sabha elections — both in glowing as well as not-so-glowing terms depending on which side’s spiel you were listening to. Nearly all those references related to the economic and social development of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s home state of Gujarat when he was chief minister there and the debate that swirled was about whether it was successful and could be transplanted elsewhere.
But the real Gujarat Model that is being replicated by Modi is not about development but about his style of governance. You needn’t look much further than New Delhi’s Raisina Hill to see why.
Read: Growth, job bait to woo Maharashtra
First a quick flashback to Gandhinagar, from where Modi as chief minister ran the state government for more than 12 years. Ringsiders, including journalists in Gujarat, have noted how his tenure was marked by his preference for empowering bureaucrats and according a degree of importance to them that often exceeded that of his ministers.
It is true that Modi had among his ministers a few that wielded some clout, including Anandiben Patel (his successor as CM), Amit Shah (now BJP president) and Saurabh Patel (still a cabinet minister in Gujarat with key portfolios) but his most trusted aides were all highly empowered bureaucrats whose appointments, transfers and responsibilities were closely controlled by the chief minister’s office (CMO).
Before Modi took charge as CM transfers and appointments of civil servants and senior police officers was a sort of an industry with everyone from local leaders of the BJP and the RSS to industrialists and businessmen able to influence those decisions. 
After he became chief minister, things changed. All appointments were decided by the CMO and frequent transfers became a thing of the past. The outcome of all this was a more stable team in the chief minister’s administration, which drew its strength mainly from a powerful bureaucracy.
Read: ‘Look East’ policy is now ‘Act East’
Less than five months into his administration, Modi as prime minister is transposing a model of governance that is remarkably similar to the one he had in Gujarat. His council of ministers numbers only 44 (there has been intermittent buzz about a cabinet expansion, but nothing has happened) with a few heavyweights, of course, but many first-timers; and the bureaucracy has been empowered far more than it has been in decades.
One of the first things that Modi did after he became prime minister was to hold a meeting with 77 secretaries of all government departments where he encouraged them to work fearlessly and proactively. This was followed by extensive presentations that each department made directly to the PM over the following weeks.
Those interactions, says a senior official in the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO), energised civil servants and boosted their confidence. Less abstract things have also happened: Modi has asked secretaries (and, notably, not their ministers) to identify 8-10 regulations in each ministry that can be done away with.
And on September 23, just before he went on his US visit, nearly 50 bureaucrats, mainly joint secretaries, got their assignments shuffled . Those changes were the outcome of an elaborate evaluation of each officer across a matrix of factors, including past experience, achievements, strengths and potential — a corporate-like exercise that was done by the PMO to ensure that pegs matched holes.
HT editorial: We need Modi’s brand of shock and awe
One criticism of the Modi government has been that it doesn’t have the bench strength of ministers that earlier regimes had; and that there are so few seasoned ministers that they have been overburdened with multiple portfolios. But there are many things that we’re seeing the new prime minister do differently.
In the past week itself he reached out to Indian-Americans in a New York stadium; he wielded the broom and swept New Delhi’s streets; and talked on radio to the citizens of India on the day of Dussehra. The real difference, however, is in the way he runs his government — leaning more on an empowered bureaucracy than a bloated council of ministers.
You can reach Sanjoy Narayan on Twitter @sanjoynarayan

Poor lighting led to the Patna stampede  says probing panelPoor lighting led to the Patna stampede, says probe
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Patna, October 04, 2014
First Published: 23:37 IST(4/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:07 IST(5/10/2014)
A two-man committee probing the Gandhi Maidan stampede has pointed to inadequate lighting and obstructions at the exit gate as the main reasons for the tragedy that killed 33 people on Friday, sources told HT.
  
Play Pause
Family of injured victims weep outside a hospital where the stampede victims were admitted. PTI Photo
An aerial view of the crowd gathered during the Dussehra celebrations at Gandhi maidan in Patna on Friday. PTI Photo
An injured woman is carried on a stretcher to a hospital for treatment in Patna on Friday. AP
People stand near footwears of stampede victims during Dussehra function at Gandhi Maidan in Patna on Friday. PTI Photo
A woman takes an injured kid to hospital after a stampede during Dussehra celebrations at Gandhi Maidan in Patna on Friday. PTI
Police personnel takes a victim to hospital after a stampede during Dussehra celebrations at Gandhi Maidan in Patna on Friday. PTI Photo
The committee, consisting of principal home secretary Amir Shubhani and additional director general, headquarters (ADG-Hq), Gupteshwar Pandey, met the injured and later visited the Maidan and its adjoining areas.
Patna stampede: lessons learnt and unlearnt
“It has observed that the exit gate was loosely fastened with a cattle trap, which proved to be an impediment as many women were caught up in it. A ditch nearby, proved to be fatal as many fell into it,” sources quoted the panel members as having said.
The team also went through CCTV footages to study the stampede and gather clues.
The state government has already declared an ex-gratia amount of R3 lakh to the next of kin of the dead each, while the Centre has declared another R2 lakh in compensation.
Police officials told HT, that once the chief minister left after the ceremony ended, the SSP and his escort also left with him as per protocol. The district magistrate and the magistrates also left with the sections of armed police, which the administration claims was ‘as per protocol’, leaving only the lathi wielding constables on the grounds.
Meanwhile, the incident set off a blame game with politicians holding the state government responsible. Union ministers Ravi Shankar Prasad and Ram Vilas Paswan, besides state BJP leaders felt that the administration had no system in place, which caused the tragedy. They demanded the resignation of chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi.
Paswan attacked the JD(U) for allegedly failing to put in place measures to prevent the tragedy saying, “There was no security, no lighting, one gate was open while more than five lakh people were present there and the police was there only to rain lathis on the hapless people.”
The BJP also decided to send a memorandum to President Pranab Mukherjee while the Centre has also asked for a report from the state government.

Document sheds light on Samsung s payments to Microsoft over AndroidThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

In Nandurbar  its all in the turncoat GavitfamilyIn Nandurbar, it’s all in the ‘turncoat’ Gavit family
Written by Zeeshan Shaikh | Nandurbar |       October 5, 2014 10:09 am
Comments
After the recent split in the decades-old Congress-NCP and Shiv Sena-BJP alliances, no place in the state can beat the political opportunism on display in the tribal-dominated district of Nandurbar, where three Gavit brothers will contest from three of the four constituencies in the district under the banner of two different political parties.
Leading the pack is Dr Vijay Kumar Gavit, an MLA from Nandurbar who has served as a minister for 19 years under both the Shiv Sena-BJP and Congress-NCP government. Known to swim with the tide, Gavit, who won the 2009 Assembly polls on an NCP ticket, decided to jump ship earlier this year by making his daughter Dr Hina Gavit successfully contest the Lok Sabha polls on a BJP ticket from the Nandurbar. He himself subsequently joined the BJP, which has now fielded him from Nandurbar for the October 15 Assembly polls.
Vijay’s brother Sharad Gavit is the MLA from adjoining Navapur, having won in 2009 on a Samajwadi Party ticket. Sharad is now a candidate of the NCP, the party which his brother quit.
The third brother is Rajendra Gavit, who had joined the Shiv Sena and was given a ticket by the party from Shahada for the upcoming Assembly polls. Rajendra even filed his nomination as a Sena candidate, but switched at the last moment to contest as an NCP candidate when the Sena-BJP alliance broke.
The insistence of the BJP and NCP that they will not have any alliance has stopped the brothers from openly campaigning for each other. However, behind the scenes, they strategise together and even share resources as well as political managers. In fact, the synergy of their campaign is being cited by many as a sign of a probable BJP-NCP alliance after the elections.
Their opponents claim the brothers are political opportunists keen to keep political power within the family. The family presently represents two of the four Assembly seats in the district as well as the Lok Sabha seat of Nandurbar. “The family wants to completely dominate Nandurbar district and turn it into their fiefdom. I am surprised how Dr Gavit did not field his wife from the fourth constituency of the district,” Chandrakant Raghuvanshi, a Congress MLC and political opponent of the Gavit family, said.
Nandurbar is one of the poorest districts in the state. With a tribal population of close to 70 per cent, the district has continued to languish for decades at the bottom of the state’s Human Development Index. The abject poverty in the district in which the per capita income is 1/10th of Maharashtra’s average, has made the residents largely reliant on government largesse, which have indebted them to the Congress.
Dr Vijaykumar Gavit, who was a professor of medicine and had a family history of political activity, quit his job and returned to his native place of Nandurbar two months before the 1995 state Assembly elections  to challenge the political hegemony of the Raghuvanshi and Naik family in the district. Supported by his  two younger brothers Sharad and Rajendra, the continued…

Pakistan continues unprovoked shelling in PoonchdistrictPrint
Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: October 5, 2014 10:00 am
Pakistani troops continued resorting to unprovoked mortar shelling in Mankote area along the Line of Control in Poonch district on Sunday morning.
The shelling, according to sources, started from across the LoC at 5 am. The Indian army troops also retaliated and the exchange of small arms fire between the two sides was continuing.
Significantly, the Sunday firing by Pakistani troops has come less than 24 hours after an army jawan was killed and another injured in an IED explosion triggered by militants near the Lince of Control at Balnoi on Saturday.
Since Wednesday, a day after both US and India jointly committed to fight terrorism, activity on Pakistan side of LoC and the international border has stepped up. While the Pakistani troops and Rangers have been resorting to unprovoked firing on Indian side at frequent intervals, the militants have also started making desperate attempts to sneak into the state from the side of Pakistan occupied Kashmir.

Long term outlook bright after merger.short term it will remain rangeb...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

They are also not aggressively marketing   very less advertising . rea...64 Followers
Reposted about 49 days 8 hrs 21 min 10 sec ago by mkh24
fully agree with you. there is ample demand and scope for growth. only thing management should be serious abt it. there is immediate need to spread the dealer network. the product is value for money. it only needs aggressive marketing.

October 3  2014 united states new yorkfrozen shrimp pri...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Will touch rs 10 before this year end no debt for the company. they ha...Silver Member
1 Followers
Will touch RS 10 before this year end no debt for the company. They have huge assets for sale in Dubai. Will come out in flying colours soon.
10.14 AM Oct 5th  | Track

MNCs hiring Indians for top leadership roles in ChinaYou are here: Home > Collections
MNCs like PepsiCo, Whirlpool ,others increasingly hiring Indians for top leadership roles in China
Anumeha Chaturvedi & Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 10.07AM IST
Tags:
CEO
(The Chinese are known for…)
NEW DELHI: Sangeeta Sabharwal, managing partner of executive search firm Taplow Group in India, is working on a critical mandate to recruit an Indian strategist for a global IT product company in China. Her search has led her to conclude that demand for Indian talent in China is on an upswing. "Earlier, it was Indian companies, but now global MNCs are looking at hiring Indian talent in senior roles there," she says.
The Chinese are known for a tendency to obey, whereas Indians can think out of the box and challenge the status quo, which is important in roles like strategy, she adds. Atul Vohra, CEO of Transearch, has worked on several mandates for China in the infrastructure space and for mining and metals giants.
Companies are looking at setting up large procurement offices there and need senior general management professionals for roles in supply chain and sourcing. "As time progresses, China as a market for Indian talent will only grow in enormity," he says. Language barriers aside, an insular China was never known to have been a bright spot for Indians looking to find jobs there.
But, befriending the dragon seems to be getting easier now as head hunters report an increase in mandates from the country, and companies, both global and Indian, look at Indian talent to drive their China growth story. Indians working with global companies are often placed in senior roles in China in prepaation for large leadership roles in future.
Though boundary disputes and transgressions dominated recent talks between prime minister Narendra Modi and Chinese president Xi Jinping, head hunters feel there could be a shift in terms of creating greater interest among job seekers for China in the coming years, driven by partnerships between the two governments. Already, Indians are calling the shots in leadership roles in China in companies like Whirlpool, PepsiCo, Colgate Palmolive, and Philips, according to Gauri Padmanabhan, a partner at Heidrick and Struggles' New Delhi office.
Indians fit into senior roles in MNCs for roles in marketing, innovation, research and development and supply chain, where English is the official language. Pepsico sent Pavan Bhatia, its chief HR officer in India, to Greater China in 2011.
Pepsico also elevated George Covoor as general manager and VP, China Foods in March this year. PepsiCo India has been a training ground for many leaders and over the years, over 70 senior leaders from here have made their way into the company's global system, says Samik Basu, who took over from Bhatia in India.
"India is a highly competitive and complex market. It provides a unique leadership experience that is highly valued across emerging and developing markets," he adds. Senior leaders from the India business who have worked with PepsiCo in China include Vinod Rao who was the CFO, Greater China, during 2008-11. Ajay Singh Shekhawat, client partner, EMA Partners International, says his firm sees China attracting an increasing number of Indian talent for senior roles in banking and private equity in the near future.
"Other services sectors like airlines and telecom might also see various roles opening up for Indians but again only at senior levels," he said. The ability to think out of the box and greater exposure make Indians a hit in China for roles requiring innovation and consumer insights.
Citi got Anand Selvakesari, currently the consumer banking head of Asean and India, to drive its consumer banking business in China. Prior to his role in India, Selvakesari was head of consumer banking in Citi China from 2008. Under his leadership, the franchise is said to have grown multi-fold to become an industry leader in innovation with many firstto-market products.
 
Through Indian talent, China could look at strengthening its services backbone. Navnit Singh, chairman and managing director of India for Korn/Ferry International, says Indians are moving into companies in automobiles, IT services and manufacturing. "In such MNCs, Indians are either in a CEO position or a notch below," he says. China's manufacturing sector is slowing down, and it might look at positioning itself as a services country. But this will easily take five to 10 years, he adds.
This is one trend worth watching out for
FEATURED ARTICLES

NTT Data s India centre to make Japanese firm ready for global expansionNTT DATA's India centre to make Japanese firm ready for global expansion
Shivani Shinde Nadhe | Pune Oct 04, 2014 10:48 PM IST
There's a correction in this story, which may be seen at the bottom of this page.
NTT DATA, the $13-billion IT services arm of the $112-billion Japanese giant NTT Group, is leveraging its India centre to make several Japanese firms to expand globally.
The programme - Japan to Pune (J2P) - was kicked off in 2008 for NTT DATA employees. This was subsequently offered to other companies in Japan wanting to expand their global presence. Since 2011, J2P has worked with about 20 firms and trained 100 Japanese professionals on an annual basis.
NTT DATA’s Pune centre works with four-to-five companies, on an annual basis, which means training at least 100 Japanese professionals. The reason to use Pune as a centre is because it was already catering to the Japanese market with 50 per cent of its employee base conversant in the Japanese culture as well as language.
GLOBAL REACH
NTT DATA’s Pune centre works with four-to-five companies on an annual basis
The centre train at least 100 Japanese professionals a year
NTT DATA charges about 1 million Japanese Yen per person for the programme, for which it uses four-to-five faculty members
NTT DATA has 10,000-11,000 employees in India across Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Pune, Gurgaon and Noida
About 70% of the revenue of the Pune centre comes from Japan and 50% employees are fluent in Japanese
“This began with the global engineers of the company, wherein we trained them in soft skills like language, cultural aspect and understanding the global market. This was further rolled out to employees in the sales, corporate finance and others,” said Sanjay Khorate, senior director and human resources, NTT DATA Global Delivery Services.
When NTT DATA entered India by acquiring Pune-based Vertex towards the end of 2007, it was also a signal to the executives within the company that the company had global ambitions and wanted to grow inorganically. “Japanese firms are culturally rooted. So, to be able to tap into the global market, they needed the capacity and ability that would allow them to liaison in future This situation is true for several of the Japanese firms today,” added Khorate.
While the programme was initially launched for the benefit of its own employees, NTT DATA made the programme available to other multi-national companies (MNCs) in Japan towards the end of 2010. “Before the acquisition, Vertex was already catering to the Japanese market, so we had people with language capabilities and we also understood the Japanese culture and mindset,” Khorate noted.
The programme is spread over six-to-eight weeks. The curriculum not only involves making Japanese professional to be fluent in English language, but also teaching them how business is done - such as how to make a sales pitch, do project management etc. “Generally, the company tells us their problem area and we work accordingly, but the glossary is all around business context. For instance, presentations made by Japanese professional are very visual unlike in other markets, which are verbose. The sales strategy that this market follows is very different. Meetings in Japan happen to announce a decision, unlike in other countries where meetings are rounds of discussion to reach a decision,” Khorate explained.
Along with the theory, these professionals are also made to work on live projects and each of them has a ‘buddy’ who helps them get around. “Each buddy also takes them to their house and makes them experience Indian culture,” said Khorate.
The J2P programme has helped several Japanese businesses including e-commerce players and MNCs to expand their global reach.
One such instance is of a leading e-commerce player in Japan. The e-commerce players had plans to set up a development centre in India, NTT DATA helped them hire engineers from India’s engineering institute, who were then trained in Japanese language and culture. “We hired 20-25 engineers for them for almost three years; today, they have expanded their presence in several Asia-Pacific countries,” added Khorate.
NTT DATA charges about 1 million Japanese Yen per person for the programme, for which it uses four-to-five faculty members. “We have people from the industry coming and talking about business issues like sales strategy and global delivery models.”
According to Khorate, collaboration is key within the Japanese industry even if these firms compete with each other. “This programme has been taken mostly by MNCs in Japan. The good part is that now universities from Japan also want to work with us and give such exposure to their students,” he added. Last year, the Pune centre worked with one university; it is at present in talks with two more.
NTT DATA has 10,000-11,000 employees in India across Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Pune, Gurgaon and Noida. The Pune centre has 500 employees. About 70 per cent of the revenue of the Pune centre comes from Japan and 50 per cent employees are fluent in Japanese.
Correction: Due to an editing error, NTT DATA was earlier mentioned as NTT Data. The error is regretted.

Gionee eyes Rs.700 crore sales this festive seasonNEW DELHI, October 3, 2014
Updated: October 3, 2014 22:11 IST
Gionee eyes Rs.700 crore sales this festive season
Yuthika Bhargava
PDAs and smartphones
The firm, which entered the domestic market in March last year, has sold 30 lakh handsets in the country till August, 2014, realising sales of over Rs.1,500 crore.
China-based handset maker Gionee is expecting strong sales this festive season, which will help the company achieve Rs.3,000-crore revenue target set for the current financial year. During the 60-day period starting with Navratas, the firm is confident of achieving sales of Rs.700 crore.
“During the festive season, generally a growth of anywhere between 25 and 40 per cent a month is seen. Particularly on a day like Dhanteras (which is considered extremely auspicious day to make purchases), one can end up doing almost three to four times the daily business. This season, we are targeting sales of Rs.700 crore,” Gionee Smartphones India Head Arvind R. Vohra said.
The firm, which entered the domestic market in March last year, has sold 30 lakh handsets in the country till August, 2014, realising sales of over Rs.1,500 crore.
Of this, 13 lakh units were sold during the April-August 2014 period. The company achieved sales of over Rs.1,000 crore during the five months.
According to Mr. Vohra, Gionee has nearly 2 per cent share of the mobile phone market in volume terms and about 4 per cent share in value terms. “Presently, 75 per cent of the phone market belongs to feature phones in terms of volume, but value-wise it is only 30 per cent. 70 per cent of the market in terms of value belongs to smartphones and that is where our focus is,” he added.
Talking about selling products online, Mr. Vohra said, “We are majorly an offline player. Right now, we are not going online. Whenever we will go online, it will be with a properly seeded strategy so that our online and offline products do not compete with each other on price.”
The company, which recently unveiled a campaign stating that every seven seconds someone upgrades to a Gionee in India, is working on building the brand. “For us, India is a strategic target, next after China. We are working on building the brand...a brand gets built by how many people carry it. They are not built in a single day, it comes from trust and that takes time,” he said.

SKSE to form three committees for liquidationSKSE to form three committees for liquidation
Vimukt Dave | Rajkot Oct 03, 2014 08:57 PM IST
The board of Saurashtra Kutch Stock Exchange (SKSE), which has been derecognised by capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), has decided to form three committees to look into the liquidation process of the company.
The decision was taken at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of SKSE held last week. Shareholders of SKSE had strongly opposed continuing SKSE as company in future and demanded sale of all assets and liquidizing the company before handing over the money to the shareholders.
Parimal Shah from Ahmedabad, who attended the AGM for the first time, said, "There is no meaning to continue SKSE as a company when it is not active and has been derecognized by SEBI. It is waste of time and money. We have to look forward and take proper decisions for benefits of members."
Last week, SKSE board members said that it will buy back trading card from broker members. But this issue was not raised in the AGM as many share holders didn't evince trust on the board.
On the committees to be formed, V P Vaishnav, director, SKSE Securities Ltd., said, "Three committees of five members each will be formed in the next board meeting. These five members will comprise active members, inactive members and office bearers. They will help the board in the liquidation process."
Following de-recognition from SEBI, SKSE body is also working on restructuring the board.
Newly-appointed director of SKSE Jinesh Shah from Mumbai said, "We will reduce the number of board of directors from 11 to 7. In the new format, four will be broker directors and three will be independent directors."
At present, there are eight independent directors and three broker directors in the SKSE board. Members also blamed the board of directors for never taking opinion of members over important decisions and sought introduction of e-voting method to involve share holders in all decisions.

Firms institute rewards to retain talentFirms like PepsiCo, Coca Cola ,others institute rewards and recognition programmes to retain talent
Anumeha Chaturvedi & Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Oct 4, 2014, 06.38AM IST
Tags:
Braveheart programme
(Employers are realising that…)
NEW DELHI: Top performers at PepsiCo India can look forward to a cracker of a Diwali. Apart from the annual global rewards programme, vying for the chance to go to New York to meet PepsiCo's senior leadership team as well as colleagues from different regions for four-five days, top performers in the foods business could get free tickets for cricket World Cup 2015 in Australia this festive season.
In the war for talent in the resurgent job market, companies are thinking of big and frequent rewards for top talent. Employers are realising that compensation, company merchandise and annual bonuses may not be enough to retain key talent. Benefits now include perks such as those at PepsiCo, exotic vacations to locations like Greece and Monaco, and mid-year bonuses.
Since companies want to retain volumes, a large number of performers, especially millennials, are also being lured through rewards such as shopping vouchers for Flipkart and Snapdeal besides iPhones and tablets. Hemant Upadhyay, managing consultant and leader of executive rewards practice at Hay Group in India, has seen a sea change in rewards and benefits strategies of companies in the current job market.
"Employees, especially the millennials, at the junior to mid levels need much more than compensation to stay on, as they have lesser liabilities and immense opportunities. Technology is a hit with this pool of talent, so companies are doling out benefits like iPhones and the latest gadgets or online vouchers, and are making specific tailormade plans for senior employees to suit their individual needs. Rewards can't be taken for granted anymore," he said.
Upadhyay recalls one of the more special rewards this year — a client transferring the title of a company owned house to a senior executive. "It worked as a great retention tool, as the company thought that instead of stocks and compensation, the house which was provided by the company to the employee could be given to him provided he retires with them, as it would have tremendous emotional value for him. The location and architecture was such that he wouldn't have been able to buy it on his own," he said.
Given the optimism in the job market, stocks may come back into vogue and may be given to those just below the senior level who otherwise may not be entitled to them, said Shiv Agrawal, managing director of ABC Consultants.
"One clear trend is companies increasingly looking at providing benefits which give a sense of investing in self to employees. Executive education programmes are becoming increasingly popular too," he said. At Coca Cola India, a cross-functional team that conceptualized its Support My School programme, was sent to Russia and Turkey this year to learn of similar community development and sustainability projects there.
Over at Vodafone, Strike Force is the telecom company's premier programme for recognition of best performers across all circles. Top management executives accompany this select group on trips to locations such as Greece and Turkey and felicitate them at an awards ceremony. Platinum Club, the premier awards programme under Microsoft's Circle of Excellence platform, recognises top performers at a global level.
The grand prize is a stay of four nights at the Monte Carlo Bay Hotel in Monaco. "We have instituted such rewards and recognition programmes to thank employees for giving Microsoft their best every day, for believing in our brand, our culture and values, our passion for technology and innovation, our career development programmes and our social impact," said Rohit Thakur, head of HR for Microsoft in India.
PepsiCo even has a deferred bonus payout scheme to pep up employees. "This has been developed with an aim to motivate employees in the middle of the year and to increase the overall quantum of bonus payouts," said a spokesperson. Indian employers are moving away from kitchen appliances, dinner sets and dry fruits to fashion apparel and accessories besides gadgets such as iPhones, said Sagar Chaudhuri, CEO and co-founder of Bangalore-based HighFives.
 
Having worked in companies such as JP Morgan, Infosys, ICICI and Genpact, Chaudhuri and his cofounders felt there was a paucity of innovative rewards and recognition practices in companies. HighFives helps them manage reward processes with minimum administrative overheads. Chaudhuri said its reward programmes work on a point-based system. Employees can redeem points awarded for various assignments on HighFives.
Electronic gadgets such as microwaves and washing machines aside, iPhones, tablets and shopping vouchers from Jabong, Flipkart and Myntra are a hit with employees. At HCL Technologies, the share of incremental earnings to top-performing employees has increased, which means top performers are likely to get a higher proportion of rewards.

What happened when an employee told Steve Jobs something couldn t be doneHere's what happened when an employee told Steve Jobs something couldn't be  done
By Business Insider | 3 Oct, 2014, 12.16PM IST
READ MORE ON » Steve Jobs | Apple
One former Apple and NeXT employee told Business Insider what it was like to face Jobs and tell him one of his assignments was impossible.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Apple cofounder and former CEO Steve Jobs' reputation preceded him in many ways. Many have attributed Apple's success at least in part to Jobs' obsession with detail and perfection.
So you can imagine he wouldn't settle for being told that something can't be done. One former Apple and NeXT employee told Business Insider what it was like to face Jobs and tell him one of his assignments was impossible.
Ken Rosen, a managing partner at consultation agency Performance Works, had the chance to work with Jobs at NeXT during the late '80s and early '90s. Although Rosen worked at both Apple and NeXT, he only directly worked with Jobs during his tenure at the latter company.
Rosen, an emerging markets manager for NeXT at the time, took on the task of working with Jobs on a keynote presentation for a new product.
It was during that time Rosen learned one of the most valuable management lessons of his career, Rosen told Business Insider.
Jobs told Rosen that there were five specific things he wanted in the keynote.
"I no longer remember what, but I just remember there were five things he wanted to show in the demo," Rosen said. "And we worked for a couple of days, and at the end of those days we realized we could do all but one."
Rosen had no choice but to tell Jobs that only four out of the five tasks could be accomplished in time for the keynote.
"I really tried to have a relationship with Steve where I didn't stand back," Rosen said. "I would never want to tell him something couldn't be done if it in fact could be done."
Here's how Jobs reacted:
"He put his hand on my shoulder in this very fatherly to the point of patronizing way," Rosen said. "And he said, 'We need to do that one too,' and just walked away."
Rosen said he felt annoyed at first after hearing Jobs' reaction. He wanted Jobs to trust his judgment and believe his team tried its hardest to finish the task at hand. But, of course, he went back to his partner at the time and continued working on the problem.
"The bottom line is we figured out how to do it," Rosen said. "And for Steve it was just another day at the office... But I think there was something to that even for me. [The idea] that you can do something you don't think you can do, but you've got to find a way, is a useful way to look at challenges."

Doesn t everyone want a free and open Internet 5 key questions about  net neutrality  answeredOct 04, 2014 at 12:43pm IST
Doesn't everyone want a free and open Internet? 5 key questions about 'net neutrality' answered
70
2
Washington: The US Federal Communications Commission is considering whether Internet providers should be allowed to cut deals with online services like Netflix, Amazon or YouTube to move their content faster.
It's a topic that has attracted record-setting public attention. The agency received 3.7 million comments on the subject - more than double the number filed to the regulatory agency after Janet Jackson's infamous "wardrobe malfunction" at the 2004 Super Bowl.
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler - a former industry lobbyist and venture capitalist - says financial arrangements between broadband providers and content sites might be OK so long as the agreements are "commercially reasonable" and companies disclose publicly how they prioritize Internet traffic.
Net neutrality is the idea that Internet service providers shouldn't block, manipulate or slow data moving across their networks. ( Internet , via Shutterstock)
But not everyone agrees, with Netflix and much of the public accusing the FCC of handing the Internet over to the highest bidders.
Some questions and answers about the concept of "net neutrality."
Q: What is "net neutrality"?
A: Net neutrality is the idea that Internet service providers shouldn't block, manipulate or slow data moving across their networks. So long as content isn't against the law, such as child pornography or pirated music, a file posted on one site will load generally at the same speed as a similarly sized file on another site. Proponents say this concept is critical to encouraging innovation and competition because it means anyone can connect to the Internet and provide a service or content without having to get permission from broadband providers or pay extra.
Q: Doesn't everyone want a free and open Internet?
A: Yes, but not everyone agrees on how to define it. Major cable and telecom companies that sell Internet access often tout the benefits of an open Internet, saying they would lose business if their customers tried to access popular content and couldn't get it. Another problem would be retaliation. Verizon subsidiaries, for example, regularly send traffic over the networks of rival Internet service providers. It doesn't want to block or slow traffic any more than it wants to see its own traffic blocked or slowed, company officials have told regulators.
Having said that, Verizon and other broadband providers also want to ensure they have flexibility to think up new ways to package and sell Internet services. They say that's only fair, considering they are investing hundreds of billions of dollars into a network infrastructure that, so far, has prospered without much government intervention. How they would use that flexibility, though, isn't entirely clear.
Q: Why is this being debated now?
A: Last January, a federal court overturned key portions of an open Internet regulation put in place by the Federal Communications Commission in 2010. The court said the FCC had "failed to cite any statutory authority" to keep broadband providers from blocking or discriminating against content.
That ruling sent the FCC back to the drawing board. Until the FCC can agree on new regulations that satisfy the court's requirements, Internet service providers could block or discriminate against content moving across their networks with impunity.
Q: What's on the table?
A: Last May, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler released a proposal that leaves the door open for paid agreements between Internet service providers and content providers - also called "paid prioritization" - so long as the agreements are "commercially reasonable." Wheeler says the FCC would step in if broadband providers act unfairly, such as providing favored access to a subsidiary.
Wheeler said he was trying to follow guidelines suggested by the court, and invited the public to comment on whether these paid arrangements should be banned altogether.
Internet activists don't like the idea because they say it gives too much power to Internet service providers and would create "fast lanes." They say the FCC should reclassify the Internet as a public utility under Title II of the 1934 Communications Act to ensure it has enough power to regulate the Internet effectively.
Title II classification is exactly what Verizon and other providers don't want. They say it would subject them to onerous regulations that would stifle investment into infrastructure at a time when the Internet is still growing.
Some Democrats have proposed legislation that would ban paid prioritization outright.
Q: What happens next?
A: The FCC is still sifting through the record-setting 3.7 million comments filed by the public before the Sept. 15 deadline. In the meantime, the agency is hosting several "roundtables" to hear from stakeholders, and lawmakers have convened hearings in Congress.
One big question is whether the FCC will subject mobile networks to the same rules. The FCC's 2010 rules for an open Internet only applied to wired Internet access and exempted mobile networks. But that might not make as much sense considering the explosion in wireless devices in recent years.
While FCC officials had hoped to wrap up the issue by year's end, the large public response is likely to push any decision into next year.
28

Govt panel to probe delay in ONGC KG basin gas discoveryOct 04, 2014, 01.27 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt panel to probe delay in ONGC KG basin gas discovery
While RIL began oil production from its KG-D6 block in September 2008 and gas output in April 2009, ONGC, which has made 11 oil and gas discoveries in KG-D5 block, is at least four years away from first gas.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt panel to probe delay in ONGC KG basin gas discovery
While RIL began oil production from its KG-D6 block in September 2008 and gas output in April 2009, ONGC, which has made 11 oil and gas discoveries in KG-D5 block, is at least four years away from first gas.
Post your opinion here
 
The Petroleum Ministry has set up a committee headed by DGH to inquire into the reasons for delay in developing gas discoveries in ONGC's  Krishna Godavari basin KG-D5 block.
The three-member committee will be headed by BN Talukar, Director General of Directorate General of Hydrocarbons, and will have the financial advisor and a director from the ministry.
The panel will inquire into delay in developing fields by Oil and Natural Gas Corp in the block KG-DWN-98/2 or KG-D5, and submit its report by end-October, sources said.
ONGC's KG-D5 sits next to Reliance Industries ' eastern offshore KG-DWN-98/3 or KG-D6 block in Bay of Bengal. Both blocks were awarded in the first round of auction under New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) in 2000. 
While RIL began oil production from its KG-D6 block in September 2008 and gas output in April 2009, ONGC, which has made 11 oil and gas discoveries in KG-D5 block, is at least four years away from first gas. 
The ministry now wants to investigate the reasons for the delay. ONGC Chairman and Managing Director Dinesh K Sarraf welcomed constitution of the committee and said the company will extend all cooperation in the investigation.
He said gas production from the block is planned to begin in 2018 and oil output in 2019.
KG-D5 will produce up to 90,000 barrels per day (4.5 million tonnes per annum) - the largest from any field on the east coast. ONGC will produce 17 million standard cubic meters per day of gas from the block.
"We plan to put to production discoveries in northern part of the block together with finds in a neighbouring block," he said, adding that the company is working on a field development plan which will detail investment required. 
KG-D5 is divided into a Northern Discovery Area (NDA) and Southern Discovery Area (SDA). 
NDA holds an estimated 92.30 million tonnes of oil reserves and 97.568 billion cubic metres of inplace gas reserves spread over seven fields.
ONGC bought 90 percent interest in Block KG-DWN-98/2 from Cairn Energy India Ltd in 2005. Cairn subsequently relinquished its remaining 10 percent interest in favour of ONGC.
Before selling most of its stake and giving away operatorship of the block, Cairn made four discoveries in the area - Padmavati, Kanakdurga, N-1 and R-1 (Annapurna). 
Subsequently, ONGC made six significant discoveries - E-1, A1, U1, W1, D-1 and KT-1 in NDA and the first ultra-deepwater discovery UD-1 at a record depth of 2,841 metres.
The NDA comprises discoveries like Padmawati, Kanadurga, D, E, U, A, while the ultra deepsea UD find lies in SDA.
ONGC stock price
On November 24, 2014, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation closed at Rs 380.70, down Rs 2.9, or 0.76 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 472.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 264.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 26.00 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 14.64. The latest book value of the company is Rs 159.81 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.38.
RELATED NEWS

French Court Suspends Airbus Insider Trading TrialYou are here: Home Corporates
French Court Suspends Airbus Insider Trading Trial
Reuters | Updated On: October 04, 2014 14:30 (IST)
Dr Reddy's Launches Docetaxel Injection in US
Paris: French judges on Friday effectively suspended a trial involving allegations of insider trading in the shares of Airbus Group to allow a higher court to rule on whether the long-awaited procedure was constitutional.
The latest abrupt twist in one of the most high-profile corporate cases of recent years came after defence teams urged the French court system to take note of a recent European judgment upholding the right not to be tried twice.
Seven current or former managers and two former industrial shareholders are accused of illegally selling shares in what was then known as EADS, in March 2006, in the knowledge that things were about to go wrong at Europe's largest aerospace firm.
All deny the charges and argue the trial is unwarranted because they were cleared by the French stock market regulator AMF in 2009, breaching the 'double jeopardy' rule upheld in March by the European Court of Human Rights.
"When you have been found innocent once and then you have to go through the whole thing again, this is complete torture," Olivier Gutkes, a lawyer for former EADS co-chief executive Noel Forgeard, told Reuters.
Forgeard, 67, is one of four former executives charged with abusing privileged knowledge that deliveries of the world's largest jetliner, the A380, would be delayed and that costs of that plane as well as the newer A350 were rocketing higher.
Current managers facing similar charges include John Leahy, the sales chief of planemaking unit Airbus who was not in court; Alain Flourens, who heads the A380 programme; and Andreas Sperl, former Airbus finance director and now head of a freighter unit.
Also on trial are two former industrial shareholders, French media group Lagardere and German car firm Daimler, which reduced their stakes in April 2006.
The charges carry the risk of substantial fines and up to two years in jail, though prison sentences are rare.
On June 13, 2006, the announcement of new delays on the A380 and a staggered profit warning wiped 26 percent from the EADS stock price, erasing 5.5 billion euros of market value.
The revelations triggered a crisis in industrial relations between France and Germany, where the largest Airbus factories are based, and a rapid swirl of management changes.
They also led to a lawsuit from a single investor hit by the share slide, which mushroomed into an eight-year investigation culminating in the trial scheduled to last for three weeks.
"We want financial damages," his lawyer Frederik Kanoy said.
Constitutional debate
Since that debacle, EADS has reshaped itself by reducing the role of the French and German governments and is enjoying record demand for its jetliners under a new name, Airbus Group.
Its chief executive, Tom Enders, wrote to staff on Friday saying he was confident the charges would be "fully dismissed".
But the prospect of fresh disclosures about the inner workings of one of Europe's most strategic companies had also turned it into one of the most anticipated trials for some time.
Instead, the aerospace bosses sat silently throughout a day of courtroom drama as some of the country's most renowned lawyers pressed a panel of judges to seek a ruling on the principle of double trials, which could take several months.
Their decision to accept the request was a surprise, coming a week after the same presiding judge handed out stiff penalties in a case involving the shares of aluminium firm Pechiney.
There were angry courtroom scenes when prosecutors suggested defendants were playing for time by focusing on procedure.
"I am not afraid to be judged on the merits of the case; I am innocent," Forgeard told Reuters afterwards.
Technically, the trial could keep going by hearing evidence on the insider trading allegations without attempting a verdict.
But lawyers said this was unlikely while the deeper constitutional issue was being settled, first by the Appeal Court then the nine-member Constitutional Council.
At issue is whether a definitive decision by a financial regulator with the power to impose severe penalties, like the AMF, is equivalent to a court decision when deciding whether someone can be put on trial again for the same set of facts.
The outcome could have wider implications for a tug of war between other regulators and the courts over who should have the last say on financial crimes, as well as influencing the sensitive balance between national and European justice.
The hearing will resume on Tuesday when a formal decision is expected on whether to halt the trial for several months.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

China test fires 10 000-km range nuclear missileChina test fires 10,000-km range nuclear missile
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Oct 4:  
China has flight tested an upgraded version of its 10,000-km range Dongfeng missile which can reach most of the US and European cities, demonstrating its nuclear capability, media reports said.
The People’s Liberation Army (PLA) launched a Dongfeng-31B on September 25, days before its October 1 National Day from the Wuzhai Missile and Space Test Centre, also called Taiyuan Satellite Launch Centre in Shanxi province, Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post said quoting US media reports.
The first flight test of an upgraded mobile intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) in the lead-up to the National Day aimed to show the world that China was reinforcing its nuclear deterrent, it quoted military experts as saying.
The DF-31B is an upgraded version of the DF-31A and the launch was at least the second time the PLA’s Second Artillery Corps had tested a DF-31 missile in the past three months.
In late July, the PLA conducted a flight test of a DF-31A in what was the fourth known flight test of that missile in two years, it said.
The DF-31 system has an estimated range of nearly 10,000 kms, enough to deliver a nuclear warhead to the capitals of Europe or the west coast of the US.
The mobile missiles are designed specifically for travel over rugged terrain and in difficult road conditions.
Xu Guangyu, a Beijing-based retired PLA major general said the strategic aim of the test is “Beijing just wants to increase China’s military might and its nuclear strategic threat. It’s not really targeting the US or other countries”.
“China needs to conduct intensive weapons tests and military drills because the (US-led build up) now in the Asia-Pacific area is not good for Beijing,” he told the Post.
Earlier state media reports said Beijing would roll out the Dongfeng-41, a system designed to have a range of 12,000 kms, allowing it to hit targets anywhere in the US.
Xu said the US’ “pivot to Asia” and its plan to send 60 per cent of its military force to the region by 2020 had put pressure on Beijing to step up missile development.
“It’s normal for China to develop other, more advanced missiles given that a weapon cycle is between five and seven years, and the DF-31A was delivered to the PLA in 2006,” he said.
Macau-based military expert Antony Wong Dong said it was hard to tell the difference between the DF-31A and DF-31B, but the upgraded version might have better performance.
“The DF-31A was designed to carry three warheads. I think the new DF-31B is possibly a multi-warhead version with higher accuracy,” Wong said.
In January, PLA Daily posted 17 photos of a live drill of the DF-31A on its website, the first public glimpse of the advanced weapon.
The PLA also tested a hypersonic vehicle, the Wu-14, on August 7 in Shanxi. The launch failed despite a successful first test in January, the Post report said.
(This article was published on October 4, 2014)
Related

Air India launches probe after stun grenade wrapper found on Boeing 747Air India launches probe after stun grenade wrapper found on Boeing 747
BS Reporter | Mumbai: Oct 04, 2014 10:47 PM IST
Air India has launched a probe after a plastic wrapper of a stun grenade was found in a Boeing 747 aircraft on arrival in Jeddah on Friday evening.
Following the incident the airline has also suspended officials from its security department and orders have been issued to suspend staff from ground handling department who were handling the aircraft. Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju will also be holding a review with ministry officials to ensure such incidents do not take place.
The wrapper was found by the airline’s cabin crew after the plane landed and the incident raises a question mark over the airline’s and airport security procedures.
While a top AI official said the item in question was a plastic wrapper of a stun grenade, an another  aviation source said the suspicious object was a used stun grenade.
Stun grenade are non-explosive devices and used to disorient targets. Air India officials suggest the stun grenade was used by security agencies while carrying out mock drill in the plane.
The aircraft flew from Mumbai and halted in Hyderabad on its way to Jeddah. The plane was kept on stand by for a day in Delhi when Prime Minister Narendra Modi departed for the US.  It returned to Mumbai on September 26.
“According to the International Civil Aviation Security Organisation’s guidelines, a security and engineering check has to be carried out by an airline before each departure from base. A security check is also carried during a transit halt. If indeed the object is a stun grenade, how did it get into the aircraft?” said an aviation security expert.
While frisking passengers and checking cabin baggage at airports is the job of the Central Industrial Security Force, it is the airline's responsibility to guard aircraft before departure. “Air India’s Flight AI965 of October 3, 2014, operated on the sector Mumbai-Hyderabad-Jeddah. On landing at Jeddah, the cabin crew found a suspicious object and informed the authorities concerned. After screening the aircraft and the object, which was found to be a plastic wrapper, the Jeddah airport security cleared the aircraft for further operations thereafter,” the airline said in a statement.
Air India said a committee comprising its joint managing director and joint commissioner of the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security had been set up to investigate the incident. At no point of time was the safety of the passengers or the aircraft compromised, the airline added.
Two managers from Air India's security department in Mumbai and Hyderabad have been suspended. Orders have also been issued for suspension of ground handling officers as well as security supervisors, sources said.

Coalition government won t help Maharashtra  says ModiCoalition government won't help Maharashtra, says Modi
CNN-IBN | Oct 04, 2014 at 11:39pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi began the Bharatiya Janata Party's campaign in Maharashtra urging people to bring the party to power with a thumping majority. Modi said a coalition government is not going to help anyone. 'There should not be such government in Maharashtra which does not have courage even to share stage with me. They'll close the gates, they won't let me enter.'

Samsung owes $6.9 m in unpaid interest: MicrosoftThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Yahoo wants to invest in snapchat at A $10 bn valuationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

No political activity can ever be built on hate  says Ashok Gajapathi RajuNo political activity can ever be built on hate, says Ashok Gajapathi Raju
P. Vaidyanathan Iyer | New Delhi | Published:  Oct 05 2014, 08:53  IST
Oct 05 2014, 08:53  IST
 

Riot police fight back Hong Kong demonstratorsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

DDA makes website disabled-friendly; to gear up for draw time5
0
New Delhi: Online visitors with partial or complete visual impairment can now easily access Delhi Development Authority's official website as the portal has been made disabled-friendly. The new features were added a few weeks after the launch of 'DDA Housing Scheme 2014'.
The urban body's website has so far received over 3 million hits since the launch of the flagship programme on September 1. "We have made our official site disabled-friendly, i.e., people who are visually impaired can install a software that reads out aloud the text and for people who have partial impairment like colour-blindness can choose from an array of colour spectrum that is displayed on our website," VS Tomar, Director of Systems at DDA said.
"We think, it would come in handy for such persons," he added. The DDA website following its launch had crashed on the opening day, receiving a total hit of 11 lakh on day one and an average hit of over 18 lakh in the first two days.
The urban body's website has so far received over 3 million hits since the launch of the flagship programme on September 1.
#delhi #dda #dda housing scheme #dda website
"If you look at the top right-hand of our website, there are five dual-coloured bands. While the first colour represents the background, the second stands for the foreground. This is to make the site friendly for those who have colour blindness," Tomar said. The DDA has already ramped up its server to handle 100 mbps requirements to meet the "exponentially increased" online traffic.
The last date to apply for the scheme is October 9 and as DDA is expecting a huge rush at the end time as well as at the time of the draw, it is planning to further ramp up its technical capacity. In last week of September, the urban body had also posted a video guide for online users.
"Our website had crashed during the draw timing for our last scheme too. And, so we want to be alert this time and be prepared to handle the traffic accordingly," Tomar said.
1

NSG to observe 2014 as  year of the commandoOct 05, 2014 at 09:35am IST
NSG to observe 2014 as 'year of the commando'
18
0
New Delhi: The National Security Guard (NSG) has decided to improve the quality of lives of its personnel by declaring 2014 as the 'year of the commando' and undertake a host of initiatives in this direction.
Apart from providing the commandos the best of equipment and gadgets to combat terrorists and anti-nationals, the elite force has initiated measures to provide its men better living conditions and enhanced benefits of welfare schemes.
"Our success in action greatly depends on our commandos at the front line. We therefore decided to dedicate 2014 as 'the year of the commando'. The aim is to achieve significant improvements not just in counter-terrorist skills and capabilities of our personnel but also in the quality of their lives," NSG chief JN Choudhury said.
"Our success in action greatly depends on our commandos at the front line. We therefore decided to dedicate 2014 as 'the year of the commando'," NSG chief JN Choudhury said.
#nsg #jn choudhury #commando #terrorism
He said that the force, which is spread across four hubs country-wide and its central garisson in Haryana near, has initiated measures to better the living conditions of its combatants like ensuring all basic facilities at their barracks and grant of a higher House Rent Allowance (HRA) and increased payment to the family of the commandos killed in action or during the active line of duty.
"The sanctions for grant of compensation have been enhanced for NSG commandos. The measure is one of the many steps taken to boost their morale," a senior officer of the force said. The NSG is not only tasked for undertaking special operations in the counter-terror and counter-hijack domain but also provides 'Z+' security cover to some of the high-risk VVIPs in the country.
Officials said that the force has also obtained sanctions from the Union Home Ministry to upgrade recreational and sporting activities for its commandos at all the centres of the force in Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad and Manesar in Haryana. The four hubs were created by the government to quicken the response time of NSG commandos whose response time came under criticism during the terror attacks in Mumbai in 2008.
The NSG is a fully deputationist federal contingency force which draws its commandos from the best in-service troops of the army and paramilitary forces.
4

Liverpool still have a long way to go  says Brendan RodgersLiverpool manager Brendan Rodger (left) and West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Irvine keeping a watch on their respective teams on Saturday in Liverpool. (Source: Reuters)
Agence-France Presse | Liverpool | Posted: October 5, 2014 10:40 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 10:44 am
Brendan Rodgers admits Liverpool still have plenty of room for improvement despite recording a much-needed 2-1 win over West Bromwich Albion.
Rodgers’ side, beaten 1-0 by Basel in the Champions League in midweek, secured a first win in four Premier League games with a tense victory at Anfield on Saturday.
It was enough to move the Reds, who finished second in the Premier League last season, into the top half of the table, with 10 points from their seven matches, but the Liverpool manager knows his team remain short of peak form.
Rodgers made a host of signings over the close-season in an attempt to replace star striker Luis Suarez, who joined Barcelona, and bolster his squad for a sustained challenge in the Premier League and Champions League.
So far the results of his overhaul have been underwhelming, but Rodgers is hopeful performances will improve if the club’s injury problems have cleared by the end of the forthcoming international break.
“Performance wise we’ve still got a way to go,” he said.
“The speed and movement of our game, the intensity is still developing.
“But I’d rather have that now and do what we’ve done in the last two seasons and get better and better as the season goes on. While you’re searching for that it’s important you find a way to win.
“The players have got remarkable character, there are a lot of young players here and new players coming finding out what it’s like to be at a big club.
“It was a very important win for us and we’ll hopefully come back after the international break and be back to what we were (for the 3-0 win) at Tottenham (in August).
“A full squad to pick from gives me the chance to look at different ideas if I need to and hopefully we can go on a run.”
The speed and movement of our game, the intensity is still developing

Bulgaria elects new parliamentA man looks at pre-election posters of the Bulgarian Socialist's party in Sofia, Friday, Oct. 3, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Sofia | Posted: October 5, 2014 10:30 am
Bulgarians are voting in a parliamentary election hoping a new government will end the political stalemate, revive the economy, solve a severe banking crisis, and find ways to ease Moscow’s grip on the country’s energy supplies.
Opinion surveys predict the biggest vote winner will be the center-right GERB party led by a former prime minister, Boyko Borisov, but it will fall short of a majority.
FILE – In Thursday, May 16, 2013 file photo, Boyko Borisov, Bulgaria’s ex-prime minister pauses, during a news conference after the official announcement of the election results in Sofia. Bulgarians are voting Sunday, Oct. 5, 2014, in a parliamentary election that will determine whether the country continues to build a Russian gas pipeline that would give the Kremlin even more leverage over Europe’s energy market _ a project the European Union opposes. (Source: AP)
The 55-year-old could face an uphill battle in building a coalition government which would fuel instability in a country already on a downward economic spiral.
Bulgaria, a nation of 7.3 million — the poorest in the European Union, is struggling with corruption and a widespread disillusionment with the governing elite that is expected to result in a low turnout.

Pawar has been my Ieader  I respect him will be happy if BJP  NCP come together‘Pawar has been my Ieader, I respect him… will be happy if BJP, NCP come together’
Nandurbar |       October 5, 2014 10:18 am
Comments
Dr Vijay Kumar Gavit had been a minister in the state for 19 years, both in the Shiv Sena-BJP and the Congress-NCP governments. In an interview with Zeeshan Shaikh, Gavit speaks about his party-hopping, his work for the tribal community and about the possibility of a BJP-NCP alliance.
You have been a minister for two decades. What have you done for your constituency and the district which consistently remains at the bottom of the state’s Human Development Index?
The major thing we did was the creation of Nandurbar district out of a larger Dhule district. Earlier, all the funds meant for tribals used to get diverted. Now, the funds are reaching the tribals. We have also drastically improved the infrastructure in the district where certain areas were virtually unreachable. We have created all-weather roads and promoted horticulture in the district for wealth creation. I agree a lot still needs to be done, but things are a lot better now than what they were earlier.
Why do people say that things have remained unchanged on the ground?
The Congress does not want the development of Adivasis. It wants them to remain poor and subjugated. It believes that the tribal will remain indebted to them only when they are poor and not when their situation improves. I could work properly as a minister for only three years after which all my proposals for tribal development were stalled. There were 67,000 homeless tribal families for whom I had decided to start a housing scheme. Because Pawarsaheb was my leader at that time, I decided to name the scheme as Sharad Gharkul Yojana.
The Congress CM had a problem with the name and the proposal got stalled. We decided to give gas connections to tribals as forests were being cleared. That too was stopped. They were afraid of my growing clout within the tribal community and would not let me work. They finally decided to remove me and put in place a non-tribal as the minister of the department. A lot of work that could not happen was because of the Congress.
How has been your experience of working under the leadership of former CM Prithviraj Chavan?
Of all the CMs that I have seen, he was the most unsuitable for the post. Three years back, we decided to give permissions for starting of a medical college in his constituency as well as mine. To date, the project has not started. He claims to be a person with a clean image. Do you know how many and what types of files have been cleared in the last few days? All these details will now come out after the elections.
What made you leave the NCP? Not many people are happy with your party-hopping.
The political compulsions in my district and the political hegemony being created in the district meant I could no longer live with the status quo. As partners in the ruling alliance, I could not take on Congress. The BJP then decided to offer my daughter a ticket for the Lok continued…

In Nandurbar  its all in the turncoat Gavit familyIn Nandurbar, it’s all in the ‘turncoat’ Gavit family
Written by Zeeshan Shaikh | Nandurbar |       October 5, 2014 10:09 am
Comments
After the recent split in the decades-old Congress-NCP and Shiv Sena-BJP alliances, no place in the state can beat the political opportunism on display in the tribal-dominated district of Nandurbar, where three Gavit brothers will contest from three of the four constituencies in the district under the banner of two different political parties.
Leading the pack is Dr Vijay Kumar Gavit, an MLA from Nandurbar who has served as a minister for 19 years under both the Shiv Sena-BJP and Congress-NCP government. Known to swim with the tide, Gavit, who won the 2009 Assembly polls on an NCP ticket, decided to jump ship earlier this year by making his daughter Dr Hina Gavit successfully contest the Lok Sabha polls on a BJP ticket from the Nandurbar. He himself subsequently joined the BJP, which has now fielded him from Nandurbar for the October 15 Assembly polls.
Vijay’s brother Sharad Gavit is the MLA from adjoining Navapur, having won in 2009 on a Samajwadi Party ticket. Sharad is now a candidate of the NCP, the party which his brother quit.
The third brother is Rajendra Gavit, who had joined the Shiv Sena and was given a ticket by the party from Shahada for the upcoming Assembly polls. Rajendra even filed his nomination as a Sena candidate, but switched at the last moment to contest as an NCP candidate when the Sena-BJP alliance broke.
The insistence of the BJP and NCP that they will not have any alliance has stopped the brothers from openly campaigning for each other. However, behind the scenes, they strategise together and even share resources as well as political managers. In fact, the synergy of their campaign is being cited by many as a sign of a probable BJP-NCP alliance after the elections.
Their opponents claim the brothers are political opportunists keen to keep political power within the family. The family presently represents two of the four Assembly seats in the district as well as the Lok Sabha seat of Nandurbar. “The family wants to completely dominate Nandurbar district and turn it into their fiefdom. I am surprised how Dr Gavit did not field his wife from the fourth constituency of the district,” Chandrakant Raghuvanshi, a Congress MLC and political opponent of the Gavit family, said.
Nandurbar is one of the poorest districts in the state. With a tribal population of close to 70 per cent, the district has continued to languish for decades at the bottom of the state’s Human Development Index. The abject poverty in the district in which the per capita income is 1/10th of Maharashtra’s average, has made the residents largely reliant on government largesse, which have indebted them to the Congress.
Dr Vijaykumar Gavit, who was a professor of medicine and had a family history of political activity, quit his job and returned to his native place of Nandurbar two months before the 1995 state Assembly elections  to challenge the political hegemony of the Raghuvanshi and Naik family in the district. Supported by his  two younger brothers Sharad and Rajendra, the continued…

A class with a difference: Teacher who educates by setting poems to tunePrint
Written by Ritu Sharma | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 5, 2014 9:43 am
Taslima Sheikh (30) a vidyasahayak (temporary teacher) at Shree Olvan Government Primary School in Una of Gir Somnath district has four years of teaching experience. In these years, she turned educating into an interesting experience by recording the poems sung by her students in class, on her mobile phone and uploading on YouTube.
The poems are sung by her students in the class with actions. And the irony is that her school in this small village near Diu, has no Internet connectivity.
Sheikh has turned more than 70 poems in Hindi, English, Gujarati and even Sanskrit of Class VI, VII and VIII into melody without using any musical instrument. She has set these poems in various ragas that not only help students to have a better understanding of music, but also they increase their interest and retention. Further, to retain students’ interest, she has also added actions with these melodious poems.
Several videos have been uploaded of primary children singing rhymes like “Grandfather’s glasses”, “I live in a funny town where every thing is upside down, bird walk and humans fly….”, and “There were five in the bed and the little one said, Roll over, roll over, roll over, so they all rolled over and one fell down….”. The English poems are the most popular ones with maximum views.
Another one in Sanskrit rhymes, “Jai jai hey bhagvati sur bharati, tav charano pranaamam, naad brahm mayi, jai vaagiswari, sharanam te gachchham…” of Class VII.
It is surprising to see how students who find difficulty in reading and writing in English and Sanskrit languages follow these poems. With Sheikh’s efforts, they find it interesting and easy to learn and can easily sing these without a fumble.
“With the introduction of new textbooks a year back, the teachers faced difficulty in teaching poems to students. I came across this problem during teacher training sessions. Having studied in a government school throughout and now teaching students at government school, I understand what kind of problems one has to go through,” said Sheikh who is also a Resource Person (RP) and Master Trainer (MT) for her district.
It was then that she decided to come up with such an initiative where students can easily understand and enjoy these rhymes. Initially, she started with 3-4 Hindi rhymes in Class VI and VII. She recorded the audio and shared it with other government teachers during assembly and training sessions.
Soon, these got hit among students and teachers demanded more poems turned into songs. With a masters in English and BEd and without any formal training in music, Taslima decided to convert these audio files into video clips.
“Initially, I could not find a professional videographer to shoot these poems as the minimum charge demanded for shooting one poem was Rs 100. With a monthly salary of Rs 5,300, it was very difficult for me to pay this amount. So, I decided to shoot these poems on my mobile phone in the actual classroom conditions without any musical instrument. As using musical instruments was also out continued…

ASI revives three water bodies near Qutub MinarNEW DELHI, October 5, 2014
Updated: October 5, 2014 10:49 IST
ASI revives three water bodies near Qutub Minar
Rana Siddiqui Zaman
The 13th Century Gandhak ki Baoli. — PHOTOS: SUSHIL KUMAR VERMA
The Rajon ki Baoli, which dates back to the 15th Century, in Mehrauli. PHOTOS: SUSHIL KUMAR VERMA
The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has revived three water bodies — Rajon ki Baoli, Gandhak ki Baoli, and Hauz-i-Shamsi or Shamsi talab — inside the Qutub premises.
All these baolis, except Shamsi talab, were nearly dry till recently. But for the last couple of months, the water level in these baolis has increased despite negligible rain this season.
“The more the level of water went down in Delhi, the water level in these baolis increased,” said an ASI representative, reasoning constant cleaning of these baolis, which till sometime ago were filled with mud and filth thrown by visitors and people living close by.
While water conservationists opined that the water level increased due to sealing of several borewells in the area, ASI representative argued that the same happened after the cleaning of the choked openings in the baolis, something even the locals agree with.
Ghulam Mohammad, an 80-year-old old resident of Mehrauli village, said: “Sumant Dogra of the ASI used to come here even when the temperature was nearly 49 degrees Celsius and get the baolis cleaned every day for past many months. Soon after the cleaning, we saw water gushing up despite the poor monsoon this year.”
A visit to all the baolis, however, reveals the careless attitude people have towards them.
The Rajon ki Baoli, which dates back to the 15 Century, “was chocked with 20 feet of filth — meaning two storeys of the baoli, leaving only the third or the last storey was visible. We got it cleared. It took us six months. Now the water level has come up to 20 feet. We had to stop intermittently due to lack of funds. We completed the cleaning, which the ASI started in 2004-05, in 2014.”
The baoli is filled with stagnant water covered with algae. One can reach it by climbing down nearly 60 stairs. The ASI official adds: “Visitors throw wrappers, packets and even spit in it. If we don’t clean it every day, the filth will reach 20 feet within a week.”
Gandak ki Baoli is located about 200 meters from this one. The water there “started rising two-three years ago. It now has about 40 feet of water,” he added.
Built in the 13 Century, the water in this baoli, as the name suggests, is mixed with Sulphur, which supposedly has medicinal qualities. Due to this, the locals bathe and wash their clothes in it.
When the reporter visited the spot, a man who has just finished washing his clothes was then seen urinating in the baoli, as a guard looked on helplessly. The ASI official, who comes here daily for inspection, said: “The locals use the baolis as their personal property. Vagabonds roam this area and it turns dangerous by the evening. If we ask them not to dirty the baoli, they take out knives in no time. Even the police is scared of them.”
The third water body or the Shamsi talab, is located in the middle of the Mehrauli market, most of which is unauthorised. The talab was once spread over a huge area, with a tomb in the centre. As the talab started shrinking due to lack of water, the tomb, which is still visible, has been relegated to a side. Water beyond it has dried up already. But “it now has 15 to 20 feet water,” the official adds.
The area around this talab remains unspoilt, filled with the chirps of thousands of birds. A reminder of what the baolis may have looked like in the past.

Stun grenade on PM s plane: 4 AI officials suspended for lapseThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Haryana polls: PM Modi  Sonia take swipe at each otherThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

To see 4 figure mark it has to stay above 950/-for a wk.below 912 one ...Platinum Member
592 Followers
So even my absence on board for 8 days didnot made RIL not only not to reach 1000 but actually gone down much more fall of NIFTY.Actually wednesdat fall was too steep compared to low fall in both indexes.Anyway my tour in naxal areas like Zabua/Dhar in M.P. along with family was an eyeopening how it is government apathy which created naxalism.But I also noticed that even in such areas best thing was that most of young kids were going to schools with bycycles which means future of these areas is NONNAXLISM.I also noticed that when I toured Gujrat areas of chhota-udaipur,there was not too much developments as projected falsly by media.That shows that NAMO exploited media by claiming guj model as best for India.

Dont misguide the boarders here dear    if you have concrete risk for...Hi smg,
There are scores of examples where market, read investor, have got it wrong.
Whenever in past I tried to recomend or write on Vakrangee Soft, I was held back by comments from these type of socalled "MASIAHS"of the market.They always cautions you every now and then and if something happens, they are the first to say, see " I told u"......but never saw them coming back to confess that "I went wrong".....their arguement is always, it is always safe then  sorry.....coming back to Vakrangee Soft, I have recomended many times in 40`s.....before Bonus and Split , say 3-4 yrs back.....now the cmp of Vakrangee Soft is Rs 125, means with 1:1 bonus and split in 1 FV, it is now at rs 2500 at 10 paidup.......that is a fentestic return by any stock from 40 to 2500 in 3-4 yrs......Vakrangee Soft is the same stock which went to 10k in KP`s time in 2000 ...and all and sundry wrote Vakrangee off and even though it kept on getting orders from government, people never bought it......
So there is always two ways to look at things....some just keep writing or thinking that way and go nowhere and some don`t brag much and get what they want....

Monday onwards the rally to 8196 begins... .njoi folks.....top picks i...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Reddji suddenly u come post tgt n leave....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Jobs gallore in e-commerce space;1.5 lakh jobs likely in 2-3 yrsJobs galore in e-commerce space;1.5 lakh jobs likely in 2-3 yrs
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 05, 2014 10:45 AM IST
It's raining jobs in the e-commerce space as this segment could grow at 20-25 per cent over the next 2-3 years in terms of jobs, salaries and growth, which in turn could create at least 1,50,000 jobs.
The current estimated size of the industry is about Rs 18,000 crore and is expected to reach Rs 50,000 crore by 2016 and as the industry grows, the demand for talent would grow proportionally.
"We are extremely bullish on the ecommerce sector in India. There are nearly 200 start-ups flush with PE/VC funds within this area and several hundred that are treading the same lines. We believe over the next 2-3 yrs, this sector will create at least 1,50,000 jobs," Antal International Network India Managing Director Joseph Devasia said.
Commenting on this trend, Mani Sankar Das Gupta, Chief, Placement Unit, BITS Pilani said "the industry is very bullish, the main players- Amazon, eBay, Flipkart, Myntra etc. are regular recruiters from BITS and are now generating huge revenues, and have increased the number of hiring this year."
Since the sector is fairly new, there is a severe dearth of talent at all levels and in order to attract and retain key talent some of the leading ecommerce players today are even shelling out "crore+" salaries.
On this, BITS Pilani's Gupta said "In India, most ecommerce players increased the salaries by 10-40 per cent between 2013 to 2014 and are now paying salaries ranging from Rs 10-23 lacs and are hiring large entry level employees.
At mid & senior level also salaries are swelling by 10-15 per cent every year, besides the priceless stock options that are offered, that makes employees millionaires," Gupta added.
Jayesh Pandey, Managing Director, Talent & Organisation at Accenture India believes, "salaries in this sector are likely to see a higher degree of ESOPs and performance based rewards as compared to other industries".
Rajiv Srivatsa COO & Co-founder Urban Ladder said: " We are at par with most other e-commerce companies in terms of salary. Along with the salary component, employee stock options attract a lot of talent since the industry is on a massive growth path".
Indian Staffing Federation executive director Suchita Dutta said "E-commerce hiring is extremely bullish with the sector alone ready to hire over 15,000 in the next 5 months. The upscale is largely driven by robust positive sentiment both amongst consumers as well as the industry."
The indicative salary outlook for junior employees is Rs 1.45 lakh-Rs 3 lakh per annum, while for mid-management it is between Rs 12 lakh-Rs 30 lakh per annum, Dutta added.

BSE Sensex falls 63 pts  NSE Nifty by 19.25 pts on profit-bookingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Markets end second week in redE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Andhra Pradesh govt to reschedule farm loansE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: No more double IrishesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Luxury hotel chefs reinvent delicacies on local flavoursYou are here: Home > Collections
Luxury hotel chefs draw in the discerning crowds with new tastes from sundry local cuisines
Divya Sathyanarayanan, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 05.50AM IST
Tags:
chefs
(Number of other five-star…)
MUMBAI: There's a reason why the new range of dishes that chef Hemant Oberoi serves at the Taj is called Iron Cuisine-—because charcoal-fired irons, exactly those that the istri-wala uses, are employed to cook the food. Oberoi hit upon the innovation while hunting for authentic cuisine and now this "tribute to the quintessential dhobi ghat in Mumbai" will be introduced at the Taj Mahal Mumbai this month.
Laundry, ironing—get the connection? Given the rise in the number of people eating out, almost 50% of revenues for a star hotel come from food and beverage sales. But top chefs at such hotels need to be innovative to compete with standalone, chef-driven restaurants that are giving hotels a run for their money. Hence the need to search for the unusual.
Like the Taj, a number of other five-star hotels have taken the lesson to heart and are venturing far and wide to discoverroots cuisine unknown to the urban palate. This includes authentic dishes associated with some of India's most iconic places of worship—Vaishno Devi in Jammu, the Golden Temple in Amritsar, Jagannath temple in Puri, the Kali temple in Kalighat, Kolkata, besides Nathdwara in Rajasthan and the Balaji temple in Tirupati.Secular sources are also being rediscovered.
Chef Surjan Singh Jolly, director of food and beverage at the JW Marriott in Bangalore will be travelling to Kolkata this week to learn Tangra cuisine from the locals. Tangra refers to the city's Chinatown and the particular form of Hakka Chinese cuisine that's available there, adapted to Indian ingredients and the Bengali palate. "It is very different as it is not the typical Hakka noodles that we find normally. The idea of the trip is to enjoy the sacredness and authenticity of the cuisine and bring the cuisine to our JW kitchen," said Jolly.
Praveen Anand, executive chef at ITC Hotels' Sheraton Park Hotel and Towers in Chennai, plans to travel to Madurai to unearth the nondescript shacks that sell dishes made from every part of the goat, including its blood. Among his discoveries in Madurai is the Khushboo Idli, named after the Tamil movie star, which uses castor seeds. Several hotel chains have gone beyond standard menus and are bringing community cuisines and flavours to their restaurants.
Franco-Pondicherry, Moplah, Tangra, Mudaliar are some of the new cuisines that top chefs from luxury hotels are learning from the local villages and areas where they originated.In June last year, ITC's Anand journeyed to explore the style of food in former French settlement Pondicherry, where that country's food is an inseparable part of the local cuisine.
"There are hardly any recipe books available for this cuisine, except for the one written by a mother and daughter duo way back in the 1920s in Tiruchirapalli, which is now in tatters," said Anand. Still, these recipes are carefully guarded by the older families there. After interacting with the locals and taking copious notes, Anand and his team came back to Sheraton Park to try the recipes.
The result was the Pondicherry food fest that took place at all the Dakshin restaurants in the ITC Hotels properties. After seeing the popularity of the festival, Anand now plans to make Pondicherry cuisine a regular feature on the Dakshin menu. Taj's Gateway hotels are known for seeking out home cooks who are local cuisine experts and getting them to display their skills in the restaurants.
Taj is now taking them to different Gateway properties across the country to show the uniqueness of these sub-cultural cuisines. "The cooking style is very different and we are now trying to promote these sub-culture cuisines in different parts of the country," said Natarajan Kulandai, corporate chef of the Gateway brand. Moplah cuisine—Muslim food from Kerala's Malabar coast—is gaining prominence in hotels such as The Leela and Taj's upscale brand Gateway.
 
Subaida Ashraf, the homemakerchef at the Gateway in Kozhikode, has visited group properties such as Taj Lands End in Mumbai, TajCoromandel in Chennai, Taj Bengal and the Gateway in Bangalore to conduct week-long Moplah food festivals. Last month, The Leela Palace in Chennai held a two-week promotion of Moplah cuisine that had almost 800 guests attending.
Chef Dharmen Makawana, executive chef at the hotel, is planning to showcase Kerala's Syrian Christian cuisine at Indian fine dining restaurant Jamavar early next year. "We will find out which restaurants are famous for this cuisine and try to connect with them, decide the menu structure, look at the signature dishes, and try to bring in chefs who specialise in this cuisine," said Makawana.
The prominence of these local subculture cuisines is gradually increasing. Natarajan of Gateway explained that the brand currently caters to around 25-30 requests per day for local cuisines compared with around fourfive just three years ago.
While chefs travel the extra mile to learn these unique cuisines, the challenge lies in sourcing ingredients. "Some ingredients are not available locally, so we try to coordinate and source these from the region to maintain the authenticity of the cuisine," said chef Velumurugan of south Indian specialty restaurant Dakshin at WelcomHotel Sheraton, New Delhi. Prices are mostly at par with regular dishes. "While these are not generally as expensive as other cuisines, the pricing also depends on the ingredients, availability and the kind of labour cost," said chef Oberoi of the Taj Group.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blame it on Kashmir floods  apples are now costlier by 15-18%You are here: Home > Collections > Commerce
Blame it on Kashmir floods, apples are now 18% costlier
Sutanuka Ghosal, ET Bureau Oct 3, 2014, 02.35AM IST
Tags:
Apples
(The floods in J&K have caused…)
KOLKATA: Apple has become costlier by 15-18% in the retail market over the past 10 days as the recent floods have wrought heavy damage to the crop in Kashmir, the region that accounts for nearly half the country's local supplies.
Growers and traders expect the prices to go up further. They also predict an increase in imports.
Arrivals of the juicy succulent fruit from Jammu & Kashmir's Shopian and Sopore districts at Asia's biggest fruits and vegetables wholesale market at Azadpur in Delhi have come down by 30%-35% in past one week.
Growers in Himachal Pradesh, another major producer, say price of apples from their state is expected to appreciate by up to 20% from the middle of this month and may see a further upswing in November-December, the time when arrivals from Kashmir usually pick up. "Arrivals of apples are much less in the last 10 days. It has affected the wholesale price," said Sushil Kumar, a supervisor at the Azadpur mandi .
"A 16 kg box which was costing around Rs 900 a week or 10 days ago is now costing Rs 1,000. This has happened because apple orchards in Jammu & Kashmir have been affected due to the floods."
The floods in J&K have caused a loss of Rs 1,000 crore to the apple crop in Kashmir, threatening a collapse of the horticulture industry in the state, a report from the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry said.
While this has left a devastating impact on growers, consumers should be prepared to pay high prices during the festivals and rest of the winter season, it said. Baramulla, Kupwara and Sopore, the worst-hit districts in the floods, are also the largest producers of apple.
According to the Assocham report, horticultural production of the state contributes about half of its Rs 2,000 crore agricultural revenue. Apple accounts for 86% by value of the state's horticultural output.
The state produces 1.6 million tonne of apples annually.
Ravinder Chauhan, president of the Apple Growers Association of India, said there hasn't yet been any major increase in the prices of Himachal apples.
"There may be a price hike of 10%-20% from middle of October.
The real impact will be felt in November and December," he said.
As supplies from rest of the country will not be able to make up for the loss, dependence on imports will also increase, said DS Rawat, Assocham's secretarygeneral.
Wholesale market organisers in Delhi are projecting a more than 60% fall in the quantity of apples from Kashmir this season, he added. Mohinder Stan, chairman of the Agriculture Produce Market Committee, Shimla & Kinnaur, said a 20 kg box of Himachal apples is now available for Rs 1,200-1,300.
"But this may go up to Rs 4,000 in November-December if arrivals from Jammu & Kashmir fail to meet the demand in the market."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Motorola to sell smartwatch Moto 360 for Rs 17 999 in IndiaMotorola to sell smartwatch Moto 360 for Rs 17,999 in India
By PTI | 4 Oct, 2014, 01.26AM IST
Smart wearables, as a category, is growing globally with the likes of Samsung, LG and Apple coming out with their smartwatches across various price points.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Handset maker Motorola today said its smartwatch, Moto 360, will go on sale on Friday in India for Rs 17,999. The smartwatch will be available exclusively on Flipkart starting from mid-day Friday, Motorola said in a statement.
Inspired by the classic wristwatch, the Moto 360 features a round design. It has a feature called 'voice control' which allows users to send texts, set a reminder, check the weather, and ask for directions.
Users can also keep track of steps and know their heart rate with the built-in pedometer and heart rate monitor, it added. The smartwatch is compatible with smartphones running Android 4.3 or higher and is powered by Android Wear operating system. With a 1.5-inch display, the device has a 320 mAh battery, 512 MB RAM and 4 GB internal storage.

Parties make several promises to woo voters in HaryanaParties like BJP, INLD, Congress make several promises to woo voters in Haryana
Parshant Krar, ET Bureau Oct 4, 2014, 04.01AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(The party also espouses…)
CHANDIGARH: The assembly election campaign in Haryana sometimes feels like gang warfare, with the Golibaaz Gulabi Gang Sarkar being challenged by the Tihar Gang. The first is the name that the opposition Indian National Lok Dal calls the Bhupinder Hooda-led Congress government—not because it eats, shoots and leaves but because of its supposedly fraudulent ways.
The party also espouses the colour pink—something Hooda adopted two years ago, and mostly expressed in turbans of that hue. That's in contrast with the INLD's use of green and the BJP's well-established association with saffron. The Tihar Gang epithet used by the Congress against the INLD refers to the conviction of its top leaders in a teachers' recruitment case.The former chief minister and INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala is out on bail, his son Ajay Chautala is in prison.
The Congress party's slogan is Sharafat aur Vikas (decency & progress), the first implying that it's not corruption-tainted like the INLD and the second suggesting that it's also keen on development like the BJP, which won seven out of the 10 Lok Sabha seats in the state earlier this year as a Narendra Modi wave swept through north India.
Congress, which had won nine Lok Sabha seats in 2009, could only get one, while the INLD got two. In the 2009 assembly elections, Congress won 40 seats out of 90, while the INLD came second with 31. The Congress tally rose to 45 on account of MLAs switching sides, and additionally received the support of independents. The BJP got just four seats.
But with its back to the wall this time, and the BJP banking on Modi's influence to be undimmed, the Congress is targeting Chautala's 1999-2005 tenure as chief minister to highlight its high-handedness in an aggressive poll campaign through social media, television and public meetings. The INLD is targeting the Congress over alleged scams in land acquisition, change of land use and a bias in development. The party has dubbed Congress rule as "Dus saal ki Gulabi Gang Sarkar" as it looks to cash in on anti-incumbency after Hooda's decade-long tenure.
FLIES IN FRAY
Seeking to ride the Modi wave, the BJP's poll promises are related to basic amenities such as drinking water, sewage, stray cattle etc. A confident BJP is going it alone in the polls this time. In Barwala, a sub-tehsil of Panchkula, 30km from Chandigarh, the party has linked up its campaign with Modi's Clean India drive by tapping into public frustration with the sudden increase in houseflies. Hence the poll campaign line: "Makhi aur Congress mukth Barwala."
"It's a leading issue for us and is likely to be included in our local poll manifesto," said BJP candidate Gian Chand Gupta, who says the matter has dwarfed demands for a medical college, jobs and better public transport.
PINK PANTHERS
The choice of pink by the Congress is perhaps curious in a state that's not especially known for an enlightened attitude on gender issues— it has a vastly skewed sex ratio for instance, an election issue for some. Some pressure groups have coined slogans such as, "Bahu dilao, vote lo" (Give us brides and we'll vote for you).
The state has India's worst sex ratio— 879 girls to 1,000 boys. Groups of unmarried men have set up organisations such as the Kunwara Union and Avivahit Purush Sangthan that highlight a social imbalance that's the direct result of illegal sex determination tests leading to female foeticide and infanticide. The issue is most acute in districts such as Mewat, Jind, Rohtak, Yamunanagar and Sirsa. But politicians are edgy over a demand that has complex social connotations.
The BJP Kisan Morcha president OP Dhankar recently learnt this the hard way. Dhankar's announcement that he would recruit brides from Bihar for Haryanvi bachelors invited strong reactions. "We have launched various women-oriented welfare schemes for health and education. It is a social problem," a Congress ticket seeker said. Meanwhile, practices such as atta-satta, in which females are bartered, are frequent in districts such as Yamunanagar and Mewat in Haryana, as also in parts of Uttar Pradesh, according to the University Grants Commissionsponsored study Cultural Fixation on Honour: A Gender Audit of Punjab and Haryana.
The barter practice also includes exchange of agricultural property along with women, mainly in the case of Muslims, the study said.
NILGAI BLUES
Other members of the electorate have demands related to Nilgai and stray cattle. Damage to crops by Nilgai herds is a poll issue in rural areas. There is a ban on hunting the animal for ecological reasons. "We need a compensation scheme to cover the crop damage by Nilgai that is rising each passing year," said Krishan Kumar, a farmer in Morni village.
 
"A few political parties have assured us special insurance schemes against the damage." In some urban spaces, stray cattle are seemingly rampant, overriding issues such as roads and employment.
Voters say they cause accidents and traffic bottlenecks, particularly along the Grand Trunk road, Hisar and Sirsa. "We are promising to set up cattle pounds at municipal council and municipal councillor level," said Bhani Ram, member of BJP's committee on Gokul Mission, which is tasked with this project.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP  Sena set to gain as Congress  NCP flounder in MarathwadaBJP, Shiv Sena set to gain as Congress, NCP flounder in Marathwada
Rohit Chandavarkar, ET Bureau Oct 4, 2014, 05.29AM IST
Tags:
Bhaskar Khatgaonkar Pratap Patil Chikhalikar
(Marathwada is facing…)
BEED: Marathwada , undoubtedly the most backward region of Maharashtra, is facing a massive anti-incumbency factor, with the masses seemingly ready to go with the saffron parties, even if they are fighting the elections on their own.
With no heavyweight leaders like Congress' Vilasrao Deshmukh and BJP's Gopinath Munde -- first time in three decades -- Pankaja Munde , daughter of Gopinath Munde, could emerge as the face of the region. Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address a few rallies here over the weekend.
In the 2009 Assembly polls, Congress dominated the show by winning 18 out of the 46 seats. The NCP made inroads in districts like Beed and Jalna and won 13 seats, while Shiv Sena dominated urban areas in Aurangabad.
This time around though, the BJP is back in the reckoning with Pankaja as its mascot; Sena is depending on its dedicated and aggressive cadre base; NCP is struggling with defections; and the Congress is trying to project Vilasrao's son Amit as its future.
"My fight is not against any individual or any party, but it's for the right of the common man of Marathwada. I want to complete the work that my father couldn't finish," said Munde, riding a huge sympathy wave.
On Friday, she shared the stage with BJP President Amit Shah at Bhagwangad in Beed district, and got a good response from the crowd.
"We know how much you all love Pankaja. We know what you have in mind for her and we will honour it," Shah said at the rally. But even though Munde is a newcomer to this brand of politics, BJP wants to project to the OBCs that she could be given a top post in the state, and that's working for the party.
While BJP seems to be on a strong wicket, the Congress and NCP appear to be in disarray, struggling to cope with defections and the recent breakup in their alliance.
"The defections are going to hurt both the Congress and NCP badly. Leaders like Bhaskar Khatgaonkar, Pratap Patil Chikhalikar and Suryakanta Patil have deserted the ruling parties. NCP will find it very tough to retain its seats. Congress may also come down drastically from its 2009 tally of 18 seats. These parties will be hit more because they are fighting the polls separately," said political analyst Sanjeev Unhale.
But NCP refutes such logic by claiming that it has built a solid base in some of the districts here. "We won majority of the seats even in Munde's Beed district last time in 2009. After that, in every localself government elections, we have been winning with a comfortable margin. So, I think it will not be difficult for us to retain all our seats, and even win some more," said NCP leader and former minister Rajesh Tope.
As many as 770 candidates are in the fray for the 46 Assembly constituencies in Marathwada. After withdrawal of nominations, 155 candidates remain in the fray from Aurangabad's 9 assembly seats; 164 candidates remain from Nanded's 9 assembly seats; 90 candidates for Latur's 6 seats, 56 candidates for Osmanabad's four seats, 66 candidates in Jalna's 5 constituencies, 109 candidates in Beed's 5 segments, 76 candidates from Parbhani's four seats, and 43 candidates from Hingoli's 3 Assembly seats.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Well win  no question of post-poll alliances: Devendra FadnavisBJP
(We are confident that we…)
The BJP plans to raise the pitch of its campaign for Maharashtra assembly elections to the maximum with a series of rallies that Prime Minister Narendra Modi is set to attend starting Saturday. Speaking to Akshay Deshmane, the party's state president and one of the hopefuls for the chief minister's post, Devendra Fadnavis , contradicted assertions from party leaders Nitin Gadkari and Vinod Tawde about the possibility of a post-poll alliance with the Shiv Sena, the party's main ally in the state until recently and still a part of the NDA government in New Delhi. He also denied any possible alliance with the NCP. Edited excerpts:
Is the BJP's official single-party campaign a facade?
There is no question of having a post-poll alliance with anybody. We are confident that we will get a simple majority on our own and, taking our allies (four smaller parties) together, we will get a comfortable majority. Recently, Gadkari secretly met with
Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray . Why do you want the MNS along?
That's not true. Neither the NCP nor the MNS is with us. There is no backchannel talk going on. We don't need to do that as we are confident about singlehandedly getting adequate numbers.
Why is there such confusion about whether or not the Shiv Sena will remain in the NDA?
All statements have come from them (Sena). We never told the Sena to leave the NDA.
Do you wish to be the chief minister?
In the BJP, the president presides and the team decides. So, it will be the central parliamentary board who will take a call. I will take up whatever responsibility the party gives me. Right now, the party has given me the responsibility of being the state president.
Do you believe that, for becoming the chief minister, being a Brahmin is a handicap in today's Maratha-dominated politics of Maharashtra?
50% population of the state is below 25 years of age, and this age group has voted for Narendra Modi during the Lok Sabha polls as the concerns now are growth, development and jobs, not caste. So, today a person without proper vision for the state will not be accepted, not for any other reason.
Another name being considered as a probable chief minister in the event of a verdict favourable to the BJP is Gadkari.
His name can't be ruled out, but he himself has categorically denied any interest in taking up the post.
Your election campaign has been silent about the campaign for a separate Vidarbha state. Are you trying to prevent controversy?
The ideological position of the BJP continues to be in favour of small states. We believe they should be created not for reasons of shared language alone, but for socio-economic transformation of the area. I have spoken about it this time, too. However, we don't want to do it (create Vidarbha from Maharashtra) in the way the Congress did it in the case of Seemandhra and Telangana — making one brother fight against other before giving into the demand. It (creating a separate Vidarbha state) is very much on the radar.
Do you feel Sena, NCP and Congress parties have an edge because of announcing manifestos early?
Sena's promise is superficial while nobody believes the Congress and NCP anymore, because they have not delivered on promises made during the past three elections. The Congress-NCP should present an action-taken report on their past three manifestos if they have to be taken seriously by the people. Our manifesto is ready, but we have deliberately timed it around Narendra Modiji's rallies to raise the pitch for our campaign in the final phase. This will work in our favour as we will not make any outlandish promises.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sushmita  Dia sizzle on the rampentertainment
Sushmita, Dia sizzle on the ramp
Beauty queen-turned actress Sushmita Sen rocked the ramp on the opening day of fashion event in Mumbai on Friday. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The three-day event will bring together a host of designers from across the country.
Sushmita does a little jig on the ramp. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sushmita hugs designer Rina Dhaka. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Raghav and Sushmita brighten up the stage. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Singer Raghav Sachar played live music as models walked the ramp. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Meanwhile, soon-to-be-married Dia Mirza was the showstopper for Karan Johar’s Marquee range for fashion brand Vero Moda. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Dia sizzled in her black and gold look. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Focused on consistency: ICICI Prudential Focused Bluechip FundTweet
The fund has outperformed its benchmark 96 per cent of the time in the past five years
Worried about the sustainability of the current rally? Here’s one large cap fund which can shield your investment during volatile times, but also deliver higher returns over the long term.
ICICI Prudential Focussed Equity may not figure in the top pile on a one-year basis, but its returns over the last five years have been higher than its benchmark, the Nifty, 96 per cent of the time.
Despite the fund’s performance slipping to mid-quartile levels on a one-year basis, it has managed to sustain its position among the top schemes in the category on a three- and five-year basis. Its performance over the long term has been better than its peers – HDFC Top 200, Principal Large Cap, UTI Top 100, and SBI Magnum Equity. Investors with a three-to-five year investment horizon can consider buying the units of ICICI Prudential Focused Bluechip Fund.
The fund has an unswerving track record of containing downsides during corrective phases since its launch in May 2008, despite taking concentrated sector calls at different points in time.
A systematic investment in the fund since its inception would have yielded annual returns in excess of 20 per cent.
ICICI Pru Focused Bluechip would continue to be a suitable addition to the core portion of investors’ portfolios. Periodic investments over the long term are expected to pay off well for investors in this bluechip fund.
Betting on the right themes
The fund is currently betting big on cyclical themes, so its prospects are directly correlated to the country’s economic recovery. For instance, the fund has invested a third of its assets in financial stocks. The recent underperformance by these stocks due to historically low credit off-take by India Inc and asset quality concerns weighed on the fund’s performance over the last nine months. However, a recovery in the economy and resultant improvement in credit growth, as well as moderation in interest rates with a fall in inflation will drive the next leg of rally in financials. Lower exposure to defensive themes — pharma and IT — impacted the fund’s returns over the last six months. ICICI Pru Focused Bluechip does stick to investing in the Nifty pack for the bulk of its portfolio. However, the scheme’s outperformance vis-à-vis its benchmark has widened in the last three months, thanks to the strong rally in auto stocks such as Tata Motors DVR, Bharat Forge, Motherson Sumi and pharma stocks Cipla and Dr Reddy’s.
Currently, the fund holds 49 stocks in its portfolio, which reduces the concentration risk.
(This article was published on October 4, 2014)
Related

Reliance Entertainment enters game publishingReliance Entertainment enters game publishing
Bibhu Ranjan Mishra | Bangalore Oct 04, 2014 10:49 PM IST
Reliance Entertainment Digital is looking at significantly expanding its gaming properties by foraying into third-party publishing, apart from launching new action-oriented games in the next couple of months.
As a part of its third-party publishing activity, Reliance Games, the mobile gaming division of the Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani group's Reliance Entertainment Digital, has already signed five deals with Korean gaming developers to publish their titles on various platforms and take these to the world market.
Manish Agarwal, CEO of Reliance Entertainment Digital, said the aim was to publish at least 10-12 games of global developers on various platforms such as Android, iOS, Amazon and Windows.
"There are many developers worldwide who spend all their energy and time in making the games, but they don't really know how to make it to the next level. This is where publishers like us come into the picture and help them in publishing the games under a revenue-sharing model," he told Business Standard.
As a game developer, Reliance Games, which operates a 200-people gaming studio in Pune, has so far created around 70 titles on Android and roughly 200 java-supported games.
Real Steel WRB (World Robot Boxing), which has so far been its most successful gaming title, has seen almost 30 million downloads followed by Real Steel, with around 10 million downloads.
Agarwal said the company was now looking at coming out with three new action games with a global flavour, which are expected to be launched in the next couple of months. "We believe that our next three properties will beat the Real Steel WRB numbers. So you will see a lot of launches happening from this October to January next year," he added.
Reliance Games has around 1 million daily active users for all its games and with the new launches, the company is planning to increase the number to 5 million.

CLT20 2014: Last day  Suresh Raina showRaina is now the only player to score a century in T20 Internationals, IPL and CLT20 tournaments. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: October 4, 2014 6:14 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 11:40 pm
Suresh Raina hit a blistering century pulverising Kolkata Knight Riders into submission as Chennai Super Kings exacted a sweet revenge
clinching the Oppo Champions League T20 in style with an eighth-wicket victory in a thoroughly one-sided final.
Chasing a competitive total of 181, Raina smashed the daylights out of a depleted KKR attack without Sunil Narine, scoring a breathtaking 109 off 62 balls with the help of six fours and eight sixes. His century came off only 59 balls.
Fitting enough, skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni finished the match with a flourish as he hit successive sixes off Yusuf Pathan as CSK won with nine balls to spare.
This CSK’s first trophy in three years having last won the IPL and CLT20 in South Africa, back in 2011. CSK lost IPL final to KKR in 2012 and also lost twice in IPL this year.
Raina, one of the finest players of the shorter format made a mincemeat of a KKR attack that looked psychologically down with mystery spinner Narine already on his flight back to Port of Spain. Raina is now the only player to score a century in T20 Internationals, IPL and CLT20 tournaments.
As it has been for Raina in a yellow jersey, where he has rarely failed, the UP left-hander gave a perfect exhibition of how to play on a track that offers turn.
Raina’s footwork against spinners was out of the coaching manual as he came to the pitch of the deliveries and effortlessly lifted the spinners like Piyush Chawla (0/38 in 3 overs) and Kuldeep Yadav (0/44 in 4 overs) into the second tier of the Chinnaswamy stadium.
In fact, Raina spoilt the party for young chinaman bowler Kuldeep, who on Saturday got a maiden call-up into Indian ODI side.
Thrice, Kuldeep was lofted into the stands as Raina danced down the track and negated the turn, teaching the teenager a lesson about playing top-flight cricket.
He added 118 runs in only 12.2 overs with Brendon McCullum, who scored 39 off 30 balls and 58 off 5.2 overs with Dhoni. Needless to say, Raina was the dominant partner in both the stands.
Earlier, unheralded left-arm spinner Pawan Negi’s bowled brilliantly for his maiden five-for as Chennai Super Kings restricted Kolkata Knight Riders to 180 for six even as skipper Gautam Gambhir smashed a 52-ball-80.
The diminutive 21-year-old Delhi boy, who is not even a regular in his state squad having played only two first-class games in three years, grabbed five for 22 in four overs as he put spanner in KKR’s plans of getting a 200-plus score.
Being put into bat, KKR skipper Gambhir led from the front as he added 91 for the opening stand with Robin Uthappa (39). Gambhir’s innings had seven fours and three sixes.
Towards the end, it was young Manish Pandey, who played a cameo scoring 32 off only 19 balls and Yusuf Pathan (20 off 9 balls), who hit a few lusty blows to take IPL champions to the 180-run mark.
With Chinnaswamy strip offering continued…
Raina smashed a breathtaking 109 off 62 balls with the help of six fours and eight sixes

Situation In Texas Is  Urgent  After 13 Abortion Clinics Close OvernightSituation In Texas Is 'Urgent' After 13 Abortion Clinics Close Overnight
Posted:
reddit
Thirteen abortion clinics shut down in Texas overnight after a federal appeals court decided to allow a strict new anti-abortion law to go into effect. The closures left only seven providers in Texas, and all are concentrated in urban areas. Abortion providers are now scrambling to inform women that their appointments were canceled for the coming week and help them find other options.
Staffers at Whole Women's Health, which operated a clinic in McAllen, is trying to get in touch with "35 to 40" women who were on the books for abortion services this week. Amy Hagstrom Miller, the CEO of Whole Women's Health, told reporters on Friday that her staff is trying to help women travel to San Antonio to the nearest remaining abortion clinic now that there are no clinics in the Rio Grande Valley near the Mexico border.
"The need for the care in the Valley still remains," she said. "We still have so many women coming to our doors asking for help. We're going to do our best to try to get women to the help they deserve and need in the short term."
The law that is now in effect in Texas requires all abortion clinics to become ambulatory surgical centers, or mini-hospitals. Most clinics cannot afford the extensive renovations, which include things such as specific ventilation systems and hallway widths.
Another provision of the same law requires all abortion providers to have admitting privileges at a local hospital, even if there is no hospital in the area willing to grant such privileges. The two provisions together have closed about 80 percent of the 44 clinics that were operating in the state just a year ago.
Republican lawmakers and anti-abortion activists claim the law is intended to protect women's health. “Women will be safer from Big Abortion’s deadly, neglect [sic] and callous practices as a result of this courageous 5th Circuit Court ruling,” said Americans United for Life President Charmaine Yoest. “Women won in Texas today. Without today’s ruling, women and their unborn children would bear the deadly risk of abortion clinics that operate with substandard practices."
Reproductive rights advocates argued in court that the abortion restrictions are not intended to protect women's health, but to cut off women's access to safe, legal abortion. About 1 million women in Texas will now have to drive 300 miles round-trip to get to the nearest clinic. Since clinics began closing earlier this year, women have already been going over the border to Mexico or resorting to the black market to buy abortion-inducing drugs they can administer themselves.
"Beginning today we will see the dire effect on woman and families in Texas," Hagstrom Miller said.
Stephanie Toti, senior counsel for the Center for Reproductive Rights, said her group plans to appeal the court's decision as soon as possible. "The situation on the ground in Texas right now is urgent, and we expect to take very swift action," she said.
Toti predicts the Texas case will make its way up to the U.S. Supreme Court "sooner than later." If that happens, the case would be a "showdown we have not seen in two decades" since the high court upheld the constitutional right to abortion in Planned Parenthood v. Casey, said Nancy Northup, president of the Center for Reproductive Rights.
In the meantime, however, women in Texas will be scrambling to find providers.
"Our hearts are broken on behalf of the women and families in Texas that have been left behind," Hagstrom Miller said.
Also on HuffPost:

What the poor watch on TVWhat the poor watch on TV
Vanita Kohli-Khandekar | New Delhi Oct 04, 2014 10:50 PM IST
India's poor love digitisation for the choice and quality it offers. Discovery and National Geographic are the most popular channels in some of the poorest parts of the country, largely because the knowledge-based programmes on these channels are considered a substitute for decent education. And, the poor love shows on agriculture, vocational training and job opportunities.
These, among others, are some of the 'indicative findings' of a five-state study conducted by Sevanti Ninan, founder-editor of thehoot.org. The study, done under the Media Foundation and funded by the Ford Foundation, covered Andhra Pradesh, Odisha, Delhi, Gujarat and Chhattisgarh, with some additional interviews in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. The research team travelled to 15 villages, two semi-urban areas and six urban slums to look at how digitisation of television, mandated in 2011, was affecting the poor (the report can downloaded from the research section of thehoot.org).
The family incomes of those surveyed was Rs 4,000-12,000 a month. As such, while they love digital television because of the variety and quality, they find it expensive. Many are dropping out of TV-watching numbers, while others are cutting on food or savings, much like the poor in other countries. ( A SMART IDIOT BOX )
Poor Economics, the award-winning 2011 book by two Massachusetts Institute of Technology economics professors - Abhijit Banerjee and Esther Duflo -, detailed the story of a farmer in Morocco who said if he had more money, he would buy more food. When the authors asked him why he spent on his TV and DVD player when he had no money for food, he said, "TV is more important than food." The point in their dull, grinding days, the "things that make life less boring, are a priority for the poor", the book said.
That is exactly the case with India's poor.
The study also shows how irrelevant Doordarshan is becoming in the country's hinterland, where cable and DTH have very high numbers. Though DD's Freedish, a free DTH service, is a handy option for many of these people, they complain it doesn't give enough of what they want - more shows based on agriculture, education and vocation. The agricultural programming on DD in four of the states where the survey was conducted, excluding Chhattisgarh, accounted for less than 10 per cent of the total programming. In Chhattisgarh, it stood at 20 per cent.
The indicative findings are already causing a ripple of sorts. Prasar Bharati chief executive Jawhar Sircar has ordered his team to get Discovery on Freedish.
(Disclosure: Sevanti Ninan is the wife of TN Ninan, chairman of Business Standard Limited)

Judge: Same-Sex Marriages From Other States Must Be Recognized In MissouriSame-Sex Marriages From Other States Must Be Recognized In Missouri, Judge Rules
 | By                                                                BILL DRAPER
reddit
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — A judge struck down part of Missouri's gay marriage ban for the first time on Friday by ordering the state to recognize same-sex marriages legally performed in other states, saying state laws banning the unions single out gay couples "for no logical reason."
The order means such couples will be eligible to sign up for a wide range of tax, health insurance, veterans and other benefits now afforded to opposite-sex married couples. Missouri Attorney General Chris Koster, who has defended the state's ban on gay marriage, said his office was reviewing the ruling.
The decision comes in a lawsuit filed by 10 same-sex couples who legally married outside the state, including Arlene Zarembka and Zuleyma Tang-Martinez. The St. Louis couple, who married in Canada, said Friday's ruling could boost their household income, and they plan to apply Monday for Zarembka to receive Social Security benefits as Tang-Martinez's spouse.
"To me, it's a real validation by the judge of our relationship and our commitment to each other," Tang-Martinez said.
The American Civil Liberties Union, which is helping the couples, noted the ruling was a first in the state.
"We're gratified that the court recognized that married same-sex couples and their families are no different than other couples, and that the Constitution requires them to be treated equally," ACLU attorney Tony Rothert said. "This is not the first court to reach this conclusion, but it is the first court to do so in Missouri, so it's a tremendous day for our state."
Jackson County Circuit Judge J. Dale Youngs sided with the couples, who argue that their rights to equal protection and due process are being violated by Missouri's ban on gay marriage. Youngs said the couples deserve the same recognition as opposite-sex couples who married in other states.
"The undisputed facts before the Court show that, to the extent these laws prohibit plaintiffs' legally contracted marriages from other states being recognized here, they are wholly irrational, do not rest upon any reasonable basis, and are purely arbitrary," Youngs wrote. "All they do is treat one segment of the population — gay men and lesbians — differently than their same-sex counterparts, for no logical reason."
The lawsuit before Youngs only challenges Missouri's refusal to recognize marriages legally performed outside the state, not laws that bar same-sex couples from getting married in Missouri.
Rothert said the ruling means that thousands of Missouri couples can now qualify for spousal government benefits and, on a smaller level, change their last names to match their spouse's on their Missouri driver's license.
The case is among at least three challenging Missouri's ban: There is a federal challenge in Kansas City, and a St. Louis case focuses on city officials who issued marriage licenses to four same-sex couples to trigger a legal test of the ban.
The lawsuits are based on the same arguments that led the U.S. Supreme Court last year to overturn part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act that denied a tax, health and other benefits to legally married gay couples.
In Missouri, Youngs said he expects the state Supreme Court to "provide the last word on all of the important legal issues presented by this case."
Same-sex marriage is now legal in 19 states and the District of Columbia. The ACLU has cases pending against 13 other states with such bans, including five cases currently before federal appeals courts.
___
Associated Press writers Summer Ballentine and David A. Lieb contributed to this report from Jefferson City, Missouri.
Also on HuffPost:

Maha polls: PM promises 24x7 power  better infrastructureThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

How Anand Mahindra is driving grp s educatio...How Anand Mahindra is driving Mahindra group's education initiatives
Suman Layak, ET Bureau Oct 5, 2014, 11.40AM IST
Tags:
Anand Mahindra
(Mahindra says his central…)
Nestled among South Mumbai's elite residences on Warden Road beside Breach Candy Hospital is probably the best children's park of the city. It has a nature trail with life-size animal replicas, age-appropriate play zones and a lovely view of the Arabian Sea.
The park opened in 2009 and the development, of what was a construction dumpyard earlier, was sponsored by Mahindra & Mahindra's (M&M's) then vice-chairman (now chairman) Anand Mahindra. He named the park after his late father Harish, who passed away in 1999. Naming a children's play zone after him is probably apt, as the senior Mahindra was deeply committed to education.
Not just Harish Mahindra, the entire Mahindra group has worked on education on the side, while making jeeps, cars, steel components and holiday homes over the years. In Mumbai itself, the group supports 28 English-medium public schools.
Anand Mahindra recollects that in the early '80s, his father had initiated talks with Britain's Prince Charles to bring a campus of the United World College (UWC) to India (the UWC movement to bring together students from different parts of the world started in 1962 and Prince Charles is one of the past presidents.
The UWC has 14 campuses today). The first UWC campus was set up in Wales and in the '80s Harish Mahindra headed the Indian committee that selected students from India for UWC. In 1992, Harish put Bharat Doshi, who has been with the group for four decades, in charge of the project after the Central government approved it.
"The UWC was the first major initiative. It took us Rs 32 crore to set up the Mahindra United World College in Pune, which started in 1997," says Doshi. That was barely two years before Harish Mahindra's death.
A Scattergun Approach
Even earlier, from back in the 60s, the Mahindras have been funding education as philanthropy through the KC Mahindra Education Trust, named after one of the founders.
But it was Anand Mahindra, who became managing director of flagship M&M in 1997, who brought in focus. As he went on to become vice-chairman in 2003 and ultimately took over as group chairman replacing uncle Keshub last year, Anand also inherited a very haphazard philanthropic legacy.
  "It was a scattergun approach. If you looked at our philanthropy footprint when I joined M&M in 1991, it was even wider than now," Mahindra told ET Magazine in an interview. His first goal was to focus the group's philanthropy on education and then pick up a few themes within that.
In education, the Mahindra footprint stretches from schools in India to the best among foreign universities. The Mahindras fund school-going girls through a programme called Nanhi Kali. They also provide scholarships, run schools and skill development centres.
At the higher end, Anand Mahindra personally funded the Mahindra Humanities Centre in Harvard University in 2010. "You will find significant narrowing towards education. And within that the biggest theme is providing education for the girl child; the other is providing scholarships to people seeking education," Mahindra adds.
The UWC movement does not have more than one school or college per country, although it may have a second campus in some, so another UWC in India is ruled out. However, India head of UWC Pelham Lindfield Roberts says: "Through the UWC in Pune we can reach out across India and we select our students from across the country."
Liberalising Education
Mahindra himself, like his father, went to Harvard University. Yet, he confesses, at some level he feels "deprived" — perhaps because he had to abandon filmmaking to steer the family business. "After I finished school I went to JJ College of Architecture and then to Harvard. I did my BA with a major in filmmaking," Mahindra says. After his BA, he went on to do an MBA "...to atone for my sins", adds Mahindra with a smirk.
"In India we are forced to choose our specialisation very early, whereas in some other countries this can be done much later in life," Mahindra says, adding that bringing the liberal approach to Indian education is his motto right now. "While the British have abandoned this approach, we in India seem to be struggling with the old British system of education," says Mahindra.
The Mahindra United World College in Pune offers such liberties in their curriculum. Half of the students are Indian and the other half come from across the world. Indian students applying to the UWC for their IB course (typically the plus-two in India) can be placed either in India or any of the other 13 campuses of UWC.
To strengthen it further, Mahindra has just announced a new set of scholarships in partnership with Shelby Davis, founder of investment management firm Davis Selected Advisers and a long-time partner of UWC. Mahindra and Davis will be giving around `3 crore every year towards scholarships. The Mahindra part of the scholarships will be available to Indian students as well as foreign students who study in UWC India.

Latest GM recalls cover 57 000-plus vehiclesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

8 MBA students pursuing studies from IIMs and ISB  but for a different causeEight unusual MBA aspirants pursuing management studies, but not for cushy jobs
T V Mahalingam, ET Bureau Oct 5, 2014, 06.45AM IST
Tags:
career
(These youth are not pursuing…)
Ten years ago, if you had chucked a stone in the campuses of India's premier Bschools, chances are it would have hit a student with a BTech degree. If you were to do the same experiment today, the likeliness of the stone finding a doctor, a former soldier, an aspiring politician, a fashion designer or even a journalist is pretty high.
Today, the buzzword in B-schools, like in Indian Inc, is diversity. "During the selection, aspirants are not only evaluated on the basis of their leadership potential, academic background and work experience but also on the value they add in terms of diversity," says Munish Sapra, senior director of admissions at the Indian School of Business (ISB).
As one-year management programmes for professionals with work experience have become popular, B-schools have begun to focus on increasing the diversity of the batches to maximize peer-to-peer learning. This has also meant that students are looking at different outcomes. In the past, an MBA was the stepping stone to a consulting job with a fat pay packet. But, that's not the case these days — not always. Registrations for CAT, the admission test for IIMs, have fallen to a seven-year low despite the number of seats (and IIMs) increasing. Whilst this could be a sign of the MBA degree losing its lustre, it perhaps could also indicate that the IIMs are keener these days to take in non-engineering students. After all, starting a new venture or pursuing a passion as a career is the flavour of the season.
ET Magazine met several students across India's top B-schools who are doing exactly that. They have unusual resumes or have switched tracks to do interesting things before they pursued an MBA. What made them do so? And where do they plan to go after they are done with their education?
A doctor from Pathankot who wants to set up his own hospital, a student who used to handle the social media campaign for Narendra Modi's prime ministerial campaign, a visually challenged student who wants to become a science evangelist are some of the people we spoke to. These youth are not pursuing an MBA as a means to bag a cushy corporate job but to add value to the interesting things they have already done. Read on:
BoP CRUSADER
Medha Dixit, 31
STUDYING AT: IIM-Ahmedabad
BEFORE THAT: A computer science engineering graduate; worked in IT before switching to the not-for-profit sector
WHAT NEXT: Return to the not-for-profit sector and serve bottom-of-the-pyramid customers
AAt first blush, she appears the conventional MBA aspirant - an engineer, from the Army Institute of Technology, Pune, who has worked for four and a half years across diverse functions like IT, business development and marketing in a number of big companies and banks, including ICICI.
It's after those four and a half years that the resume begins looking less predictable. In 2011, five years after pocketing the engineering degree, Dixit joined Teach for India, an education not-for-profit. For two years she worked full-time as a teacher in a low-income school in Dadar, in the heart of Mumbai. That was followed by a stint at Acumen, a non-profit venture fund that raises philanthropic capital to invest in social enterprises. "I managed the launch of Acumen's leadership development programme for outstanding social entrepreneurs and change-makers. This involved leading the recruitment strategy, administration, selection and candidate evaluation for over 450 entrepreneurs across India," says Dixit. It made for a great education, she recalls. "The biggest learning was that businesses serving customers at the base of the pyramid can be highly innovative in their approach, scalable, as well as financially sustainable."
Take the case of the Bihar-based Husk Power systems (HPS), which Acumen invested in. The company provides power to thousands of rural Indians by converting agricultural residue (rice husk, grass etc) into electricity. "It is a low-cost solution that offers customers savings of at least 30% and allows for usage of a cleaner energy source over diesel and kerosene," explains Dixit. Also, the bio-char left behind from the use of rice husk is used for the production of incense sticks, providing employment to hundreds of rural women.
An army brat hailing from Lucknow, Dixit sees herself being associated with the development sector after her course at IIM-A. "I find work in the development sector extremely meaningful and stimulating. I am keen to work in this sector and the knowledge and expertise gained during my MBA course at IIM-A will help sharpen my skills," says Dixit. "Working to serve customers at the bottom of the pyramid and enhancing growth opportunities in the development sector require a more innovative and professional management approach," she sums up.
  EPIPHANY IN SURINAME

Empty grenade in PM s standby plane  probes onThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US investors bet on Prime Minister Narendra Modi  to invest $41 billion in India in 3 yearsHi Guest
US investors bet on Prime Minister Narendra Modi, to invest $41 billion in India in 3 years
NEW DELHI: While much has been made of the US' decision to revoke PM Narendra Modi's visa in 2005, the issue did not figure at all in his discussions with President Barack Obama either over the dinner at White House or the bilateral meet between the ...

http://usat.ly/1xQNuFDEMAIL
Getty
It’s hard to sugarcoat it: The first trading of October was an unmitigated disaster, with the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 stock market tumbling 1.3%, its worst dive to kick off October since a 2.9% rout in 2011. The Dow also stumbled, tumbling 238 points. And the small-cap Russell 2000 stock index closed 10% below its March 4 record close, marking its first official price correction since the fall of 2012.
Those gruesome statistics did little to assuage investors’ anxiety, which was high entering the month, given October’s reputation for being susceptible to stock market crashes. The 1929 and 1987 crashes occurred in October.
Stocks were hit hard Wednesday by worries about global growth after weak manufacturing data in the eurozone, jitters over the first Ebola virus case reaching the USA and ongoing angst over the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. What’s more, October’s scary reputation as a month when the stock market tends to crash (think 1929 and 1987) also gave investors pause.
But one day does not a market make, nor does it rule out the possibility of a bounce-back rally. (In pre-market trading, stocks were virtually flat, with futures on the Dow Jones industrial average up 6 points.)
Investors can only hope that the stock market follows up its weak showing on Day 1 of October 2014 like it has the past dozen times it sank more than 1% on the first trading day of the third quarter. The S&P 500 has posted gains the next day, the next week and for the rest of October after spooky first days that drench investors in red ink, according to Bespoke Investment Group.
Bespoke’s analysis shows average gains of 0.9% the next day, with positive returns 10 of 12 times. The index was 3.1% higher a week later, and 3.8% higher by the end of the month.
How did the market fare after a 2.9% dip on the first day of October 2011? “Pretty darn good, actually,” Bespoke noted. The S&P 500 was up 8.7% a month later and 14% by the end of the month.

Rare North Korea visit to South opens direct line to KimRare North Korea visit to South opens direct line to Kim
AFP
print
A shock visit by North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un's closest aides to South Korea has opened a high-level communication between the two rivals that has been missing for years, analysts said Sunday.
Whether it is a line of communication that will endure or produce lasting results remains to be seen, but Saturday's visit by a trio of top-ranking officials provided an opportunity that few saw coming.
"It's huge," said Andrei Lankov, a professor of Korean Studies at Kookmin University in Seoul.
"Apart from anything else, the level was pretty much unprecedented in terms of previous delegations to the South," Lankov said. "Essentially it provided a direct line to Kim Jong-Un."
It was led by Hwang Pyong-So, a newly elected vice chairman of the nuclear-armed North's powerful National Defence Commission who is widely seen as Kim Jong-Un's number two.
Accompanying him was another Kim confidante Choe Ryong-Hae and Kim Yang-Gon, a top ruling party secretary with responsibility for South Korean affairs.
The sudden visit was all the more surprising for coming after months of military tensions and vicious personal attacks in the North's state media against South Korean President Park Geun-Hye.
Seoul was only informed Friday of the trip, which was ostensibly made to coincide with the closing ceremony of the Asian Games in the South Korean port city of Incheon.
   
A 'very big deal'
"This was clearly no pro-forma visit. It was a very big deal indeed," said John Delury, a North Korea expert at Yonsei University in Seoul.
"If you are Park Geun-Hye and you want a credible channel to the leadership in Pyongyang, then this is your dream team," Delury said.
One immediate impact was an agreement to resume a high-level dialogue that has been in limbo for seven months. The last round in February had resulted in the North hosting a rare reunion for families separated by the 1950-53 Korean War.
President Park, who came to office in early 2013, has repeatedly said the door to dialogue with Pyongyang is open -- even a possible summit with Kim Jong-Un -- but insists the North must first take a tangible step towards abandoning its nuclear weapons programme.
"She's not going to be speaking with Kim anytime soon, but in the meantime this visit was about as big as it gets," said Delury.
"It was a golden opportunity for Park and the South, even if its just in terms of better understanding who they are dealing with," he added.
Park did not meet the North Korea delegation. The Unification Ministry said she had wanted to, but their tight schedule ruled out a visit to the presidential Blue House.
Park's National Security Adviser Kim Kwan-Jin, who Pyongyang had labelled a "confrontation maniac" just a few months ago, was the top South Korean official at Saturday's meetings.
   
Message about Kim's health?
Kim Jong-Un has not been seen in public for a month, fuelling speculation that recent state TV footage of him limping reflected a serious health problem.
State media had acknowledged the young leader was in some "discomfort", but the message from the top-level delegation was unequivocal.
"There is nothing wrong with the health of Secretary Kim," Unification Minister Ryoo Kihl-Jae quoted Kim Yang-Gon as saying.
Delury said Saturday's visit was partly aimed at showing the North still has its house in order.
"It's a way of saying that, even if there might be something up with the leader, the system is fine and we are even able to make bold gestures like this," he said.
As relations with its most important ally China have cooled, North Korea has gone on a diplomatic outreach of late, even sending its foreign minister to the UN General Assembly for the first time since 1999.
"There's a bit of a charm offensive going on, and this visit was part of that," said Lankov.
"The timing may seem odd given the verbal attacks on Park, but we've seen many times in the past that when the North uses the foulest language, it means it wants to talk," he added.
The South provided few details of the substance of Saturday's meetings, and most analysts warned against expectations of a dramatic breakthrough.
"It's an important visit, but it shouldn't be seen as marking any great policy shift," said Professor Yoo Ho-Yeol of Korea University in Seoul.
The cash-strapped North would like a resumption of lucrative cooperative projects, such as South Korean tours to its Kumgang mountain resort, as well as the lifting of unilateral sanctions Seoul imposed in 2010.

Falling off the map: did India notice floods in northeastComments
Assam’s valleys are used to floods. But what hit the state’s western region, bordering Meghalaya, last month was unprecedented; people there had never imagined that killer waters would rise up in moments and sweep their entire lives away.
Ask cousins Nayan and Rupam, 13. They both lost their parents when a flash flood — the result of incessant rainfall from September 20 to 23 — struck Kamarpara, a village of potters 100 km west of Guwahati.
River Singra, flowing down from the hills of adjoining Meghalaya to join the Brahmaputra downstream, never seemed like a threat to these villagers on higher ground. “We shifted here from a flood-prone area. We were wrong to think that the floods wouldn’t chase us,” says village elder Nakul Kumar, 69.
In Dilinga village nearby, Padma Das, 66, recounts the ‘water attack’. “Suddenly, we found ourselves in 10 feet of water. Our houses are damaged and paddy fields ruined,” he says.
These Assam villages were perhaps luckier than Bholarbitha in Meghalaya’s West Garo Hills district. River Jinjiram, a tributary of the Brahmaputra, wiped out more than 80% of this village’s 300 homes.
“Our village used to be inundated every monsoon, but this time was different. The current of the water was too strong; it was as if we were hit by a cyclone in liquid form,” says Zubair Hussain.
Villages in this part of Meghalaya, close to Bangladesh, are acquainted with Bordoichila, the annual springtime storm eulogised in Assamese folklore. But this year’s floods were an unprecedented disaster.
Meteorologists attribute it to unusually high post-monsoon rain, but ecologists blame it on climate change, encroachment on hill slopes and a degradation and even partial destruction of a network of wetlands that once were natural absorbers of excess rainwater.
In Meghalaya, chief minister Mukul Sangma admitted that illegal stone quarries have affected the ecology of the hills and the course of rivers.
“Letting people [mostly migrants] settle on riverbanks and sandbars has complicated matters,” says environment scientist JD Goswami. “All this is making the flooding more intense and more widespread.”
He has a point; this year, most of the 179 victims across Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Meghalaya were from areas beyond traditional flood-prone zones. And in the urban bustle of Guwahati, where a construction boom has claimed many beels or expansive ponds, a total of six died from drowning, electrocution and landslides.
Rescue operations began fairly promptly, as the affected areas have an active Border Security Force presence, in addition to the Army and units of the National Disaster Response Force.
Union minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju and union minister of state for sports and youth affairs Sarbananda Sonowal — both originally from the region — responded relatively quickly on behalf of the Centre, arriving to take stock of the situation.
But the victims, particularly in Meghalaya, complained of not receiving adequate relief.
This is a persistent problem in the flood-prone north-east. Though 179 people have been killed by flooding here in 2014 alone — 68 in Assam, 56 in Arunachal Pradesh, and 55 in Meghalaya — only Rs. 887 crore has been allocated in relief by the Centre; Rs. 674 crore of this for Assam. By comparison, when the city of Mumbai was inundated in the 26/7 deluge of 2005 — nine years ago — the Centre allocated Rs. 476 crore in relief funds.
Meanwhile, across 28 districts in the north-east — 23 of these in Assam — floods have caused losses worth an estimated Rs. 4,350 crore in infrastructure damage and crop loss this year alone, with Assam accounting for Rs. 2,010 crore of this loss.
“We are trying our best to provide succour to the victims besides offering compensation to families of those who have died,” says Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi.
Meanwhile, even online — where some local NGOs have gone to try and raise funds and material for relief operations — the response has been nothing like the outpouring, say, in the wake of the recent Kashmir floods.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced Rs. 2 lakh as compensation for the families of each person killed, promising to do more for the region as rain-bearing clouds threaten more havoc over the coming weeks. For the time being, though, the states and Centre are still arguing over who should do how much.
As Patricia Mukhim, editor of The Shillong Times, says: “The north-east will always remain a periphery. It needs bombs and blood and dead bodies to make news.”

Best and worst from Nationals-Giants  NLDS Game 2By Scott Allen October 5 Follow @ScottSAllen
The Nationals wasted Jordan Zimmermann’s masterful start. He did start Game 2, right? (AP Photo/Mark Tenally)
Best and worst moments from the Nationals’ 2-1, 18-inning loss to the Giants in Game 2 of the National League Division Series. 
Best tweet: And there were a lot of good ones in a crushing loss that took 6 hours and 23 minutes to complete.
Library of Congress just uncovered rare footage of the first inning of this game. — Justin McGuire (@JMcGuireSN) October 5, 2014
Worst early birthday present: Moments after Fox Sports 1 announcer Matt Vasgersian mentioned that Tanner Roark was 30 minutes away from turning 28, the Nationals starter-turned-postseason reliever gave up a solo home run to Brandon Belt to lead off the 18th inning. The homer by Belt, which came almost exactly six hours after the game’s first pitch, broke a 1-1 tie.
Worst final out: With Anthony Rendon on first base after drawing a two-out walk in the bottom of the 18th, Jayson Werth stepped to the plate with a chance to add to his postseason legacy in Washington. He flew out to right field against Hunter Strickland and the Nationals were headed to San Francisco down two games-to-none.
Best Rafael Soriano: Yeah, that one. The ex-closer, who has been known to induce panic when he so much as taps his foot in the Nationals’ bullpen, pitched a perfect 16th inning, including a strikeout. And you wondered why Matt Williams put Soriano on the NLDS roster.
Worst late-game drama: With two outs in the top of the ninth inning and the Nationals leading 1-0, this game was over more than three hours before it was actually over. Nothing But October. Nothing But Last Out. Nothing But Tied Series. Jordan Zimmermann, who had retired 20 consecutive batters, was one out away from completing a dominant outing when he issued his first walk of the game to Giants second baseman Joe Panik. Despite the fact that Zimmermann had only thrown 100 pitches, Williams pulled him for Drew Storen.
Best chance for playoff redemption: Storen’s last appearance in the postseason, of course, was his meltdown in Game 5 of the NLDS. He’s been lights out since he reclaimed the closer’s role from Soriano late in the season and says he’s a better pitcher today than he was two years ago . Nothing like a one-out save opportunity at home to bury that memory a little more.
(Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
Worst playoff redemption: Storen allowed a single to Buster Posey to put runners on first and second. Pablo Sandoval followed with a slicing double down the left field line that scored Panik to tie the game. Posey was waved home on the play, but Bryce Harper fired a bullet to Ian Desmond, who made a perfect relay throw to Wilson Ramos , who tagged Posey just before his foot touched home plate.
Kind of wish Drew Storen wasn’t trying to draw this whole redemption narrative out quite so much. — Mike Madden (@MikeMadden) October 5, 2014
(Via Fox Sports 1)
Worst wait and best result: But was Posey out? The play went to a replay review, which, compared to how quickly the game had moved to that point with Zimmermann and Giants starter Tim Hudson matching each other pitch for pitch, seemed to take forever. The call was upheld. Posey was still out. The Nationals failed to score in the bottom half of the inning and the game went to extras.
Worst emotions: Asdrubal Cabrera led off the bottom of the 10th inning and got ahead of Giants reliever Jeremy Affeldt 3-0. After striking out on three consecutive called strikes, Cabrera spun around, slammed his bat and helmet and voiced his displeasure with home plate umpire Vic Carapazza. Cabrera was immediately ejected, as was Williams, who came out to defend his player and yell at Carapazza some more. Randy Knorr assumed managerial duties. 
Why Cabrera was upset. pic.twitter.com/cId0C6J1ZP — James Wagner (@JamesWagnerWP) October 5, 2014
Best major league record: Former Cincinnati Reds pitcher Johnny Vander Meer remains the only pitcher in major league history to throw no-hitters in consecutive starts. Zimmermann’s bid to equal Vander Meer’s preposterous 1938 feat ended when Posey singled to left with two outs in the first inning.
Worst major league record: Saturday’s game was the longest, by time, in MLB postseason history, eclipsing the 5 hour and 50 minute marathon between Atlanta and Houston in 2005. That game also went 18 innings.
Best ace: Zimmermann was masterful for 8 2/3 innings. He allowed three hits, the one walk that would signal the end of his night and struck out six. He walked off the mound to a standing ovation. Zimmermann signed a two-year contract extension in January, but it’s probably time for the Nationals to shell out the cash that will keep him in D.C. and ensure he can afford  to buy multiple BMWs for his teammates who make great plays to preserve the no-hitters he seems destined to throw in the future.
Best and worst streaks: The Giants entered the game with a National League record nine consecutive postseason victories. San Francisco had also lost six consecutive NLDS Game 2s. One of those streaks had to end. 
Worst nemesis: Hudson, who entered the game with an 18-5 career record in 31 appearances against the Nationals, was a worthy adversary. He allowed one run on seven hits in 7 1/3 innings and finished with a career postseason-best eight strikeouts.
Best sacrifice: After Desmond walked to lead off the 12th, Harper followed with a loud fly ball to center field. Had he done it again, a walk-off blast on the heels of Friday’s moonshot? Judging by the collective roar from the Nationals Park crowd as the ball left Harper’s bat, there was a moment when it seemed possible that he had. Gregor Blanco settled under the ball, but Desmond wisely tagged up and represented the winning run on second base with one out. Alas, Ramos struck out and Danny Espinosa lined out to end the inning.
Worst warning track power: Four innings later, LaRoche sent a long drive to right field that would’ve landed in the Nationals’ bullpen in August. But on a cold and windy night at Nationals Park, it died short of the wall and was caught for a long out.
Best imitation of San Francisco-in-August weather: The Fox Sports 1 cameras showed Nationals players huddling over a small heater in the dugout to keep warm long before the game entered the realm of the absurd. Fans didn’t have the same luxury, but they did have white rally
scarves
towels. Some couldn’t take the cold — or maybe the excitement — and left before the game was over.
People are using the giveaway towels anyway they can for warmth. @dcsportsbog pic.twitter.com/aVHBJKfoXS — Ryan Kelly (@RyanJKelly) October 5, 2014
Those blue seats will tell their grandkids about this night pic.twitter.com/tzQBGnCMuZ — Marc Lancaster (@MarcLancaster) October 5, 2014
Fans leaving after the 12th inning of #Natathon #nats (I had to go get my live gear so I had an excuse) pic.twitter.com/znNbUMp7da — dckerwin (@dckerwin) October 5, 2014
Best escape act: Jerry Blevins, who stranded two inherited runners in Game 1, was called upon in the 12th after Hunter Pence led off with a double to deep center off Aaron Barrett. Belt moved Pence to third base with a groundout. Then Blevins got Brandon Crawford to pop out to short and Andrew Susac to ground out to first to send the game to the 13th inning tied 1-1.
Best relief: Craig Stammen worked a scoreless 13th, 14th and 15th for the Nationals. The Giants’ Yusmeiro Petit earned the win after allowing one hit and striking out seven over six scoreless innings.
Best hit that happened so long ago you might have forgotten it: Cabrera, who homered on Thursday, led off the third inning with a double to left off of Hudson. It was the only extra-base hit of the game by either team until Sandoval’s game-tying double in the ninth.
Worst failure to advance the runner: Zimmermann, who had nine sacrifice bunts during the season, couldn’t get a bunt down to move Cabrera to third. He bunted foul with two strikes and Denard Span followed with a harmless grounder to first base.
Best two-out hit by a National: With Cabrera on third base in the third inning, Anthony Rendon drilled a ground ball just past the glove of shortstop Brandon Crawford. The Nationals had their first lead in the series.
Best franchise record (including the Montreal years, for effect): Rendon became the first Nationals/Expos player with four hits in a postseason game. They came in his first four at bats and he would finish 4 for 7 with a walk. 
Best vocalist: D.C. Washington,  a military contractor from Woodbridge  and a regular at D.C. sporting events, sang the “Star-Spangled Banner” before the game and “God Bless America” during the seventh-inning stretch. He did not, to my knowledge, sing during the 14th-inning stretch.
With D.C. Washington singing the anthem for Game 2, the #Nats can’t lose. And yes, that is his real name: http://t.co/vwZwphcRu6 — Sean McLernon (@SFMcLernon) October 4, 2014
(Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
Best ceremonial first pitch: Army Sgt. 1st class Brian Keaton, who was wounded by a bomb explosion in Iraq , threw out the ceremonial first pitch. Keaton hugged Rendon and then crawled near the mound before pulling a fake pin and releasing the ball as if it were a grenade . Unfortunately, Keaton not was available in relief.
(Fox Sports 1)
Best defense: There were no defensive gems such as the play Steven Souza Jr. made to clinch Zimmermann’s no-hitter in the regular season finale, but he had plenty of support behind him. In the eighth inning alone, Desmond ranged into the outfield to make an over the shoulder catch on a popup by Crawford and LaRoche retired the side with a diving grab on Travis Ishikawa’s line drive. Ramos, whose passed ball in Game 1 led to an unearned run, was especially solid. He completed a strike ‘em out-thrown ‘em out double play for a second straight day and threw out Posey trying to advance on a ball in the dirt to end the top of the 14th.
Worst Cracker Jack prize: The boxes are too small to fit a Jayson Werth garden gnome, but one unlucky Nationals fan got stuck with a Giants sticker.
My “prize” in my Cracker Jack box…whoever does quality control needs to get fired @dcsportsbog #NLDS #Natitude pic.twitter.com/sTLaWIEeWE — Ryan Arbesfeld (@ryanarbesfeld) October 4, 2014
Worst attire (excluding fans who didn’t dress for the chilly weather): The fan in the Seahawks jersey with the 12th Man flag or the fan in the Dan Fouts powder blue Chargers throwback. You decide.
@dcsportsbog best i could do of a seahawks fan that set up a 12th man flag after he was asked to take it down pic.twitter.com/rbNryCFAPx — hipspanic (@porquejorge) October 4, 2014
Wrong San? @dcsportsbog #gonats pic.twitter.com/vmQj06Ny5T — Michael Byars (@mkbyars) October 4, 2014
Best fan support from a D.C. athlete: Capitals star Alex Ovechkin attended the game and may have wondered at what point the teams would decide the outcome with a shootout.
ovie loving him some #nats . pic.twitter.com/RjKfLUcW8X — rpchandler (@rpchandler) October 4, 2014
Best worthless skill: Harper was 0 for 7 on Saturday, but Fox Sports 1 showed pregame footage of the Nationals slugger juggling a baseball with his bat. Harper apparently managed to keep the ball in the air for 19 seconds.
Best postseason performer: Teddy won. Twice. That’s six wins in six career postseason races at Nationals Park for No. 26. There was a second race, as is customary, in the middle of the 13th inning.
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Pawar has been my Ieader  I respect him will be happy if BJP  NCP cometogether‘Pawar has been my Ieader, I respect him… will be happy if BJP, NCP come together’
Nandurbar |       October 5, 2014 10:18 am
Comments
Dr Vijay Kumar Gavit had been a minister in the state for 19 years, both in the Shiv Sena-BJP and the Congress-NCP governments. In an interview with Zeeshan Shaikh, Gavit speaks about his party-hopping, his work for the tribal community and about the possibility of a BJP-NCP alliance.
You have been a minister for two decades. What have you done for your constituency and the district which consistently remains at the bottom of the state’s Human Development Index?
The major thing we did was the creation of Nandurbar district out of a larger Dhule district. Earlier, all the funds meant for tribals used to get diverted. Now, the funds are reaching the tribals. We have also drastically improved the infrastructure in the district where certain areas were virtually unreachable. We have created all-weather roads and promoted horticulture in the district for wealth creation. I agree a lot still needs to be done, but things are a lot better now than what they were earlier.
Why do people say that things have remained unchanged on the ground?
The Congress does not want the development of Adivasis. It wants them to remain poor and subjugated. It believes that the tribal will remain indebted to them only when they are poor and not when their situation improves. I could work properly as a minister for only three years after which all my proposals for tribal development were stalled. There were 67,000 homeless tribal families for whom I had decided to start a housing scheme. Because Pawarsaheb was my leader at that time, I decided to name the scheme as Sharad Gharkul Yojana.
The Congress CM had a problem with the name and the proposal got stalled. We decided to give gas connections to tribals as forests were being cleared. That too was stopped. They were afraid of my growing clout within the tribal community and would not let me work. They finally decided to remove me and put in place a non-tribal as the minister of the department. A lot of work that could not happen was because of the Congress.
How has been your experience of working under the leadership of former CM Prithviraj Chavan?
Of all the CMs that I have seen, he was the most unsuitable for the post. Three years back, we decided to give permissions for starting of a medical college in his constituency as well as mine. To date, the project has not started. He claims to be a person with a clean image. Do you know how many and what types of files have been cleared in the last few days? All these details will now come out after the elections.
What made you leave the NCP? Not many people are happy with your party-hopping.
The political compulsions in my district and the political hegemony being created in the district meant I could no longer live with the status quo. As partners in the ruling alliance, I could not take on Congress. The BJP then decided to offer my daughter a ticket for the Lok continued…

Brazilians vote in an election full ofsurprisesPrint
FILE - In this Sept. 30, 2014 file photo, Aecio Neves, presidential candidate of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party, PSDB, flashes a victory sign as he campaigns at the "Mercadao de Madureira," or Madureira Market in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Brazil will hold general elections on Oct. 5. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Rio De Janeiro | Posted: October 5, 2014 10:15 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 10:21 am
The twists and turns in Brazil’s presidential race end Sunday, at least for a few hours, as millions of Brazilians cast ballots in an election expected to force a three-week runoff campaign between incumbent Dilma Rousseff and one of her two top challengers.
Rousseff held a commanding lead in all recent opinion polls, with her support rising to 46 percent in a survey released Saturday. But it was thought unlikely she could push through to win the absolute majority required to avoid a second-round election.
Brazil’s President Dilma Rousseff, presidential candidate for re-election of the Workers Party, PT, greets supporters during a campaign rally in Porto Alegre, Brazil, Saturday, Oct. 4, 2014. (Source: AP)
She’ll likely face either former environment minister and senator Marina Silva or Aecio Neves, the former governor of Brazil’s second-biggest state. They were deadlocked in the most recent surveys, following Silva’s steep drop in polls after aggressive campaigning by Rousseff.
“The fear campaign that Dilma and her marketing people have set up against Marina Silva has had a strong effect,” said David Fleischer, a political science professor at the University of Brasilia. “Dilma’s people are saying Marina will abolish … things they’ve gained through government social programs.”
That’s the heart of an apparent contradiction of this unpredictable campaign that saw Silva only enter the race in mid-August when a plane crash killed Eduardo Campos, her Social Party’s top candidate, with whom she was running as the vice presidential candidate.
Opinion surveys say around 70 percent of Brazilians say they want change — as made plain by mammoth anti-government protests held around the country last year blasting Brazil’s woeful public services despite the nation’s heavy tax burden.
Brazilian soldiers guard the Mare Complex slum ahead of elections, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Saturday, Oct. 4, 2014. Brazil is preparing for general elections to be held Sunday, Oct. 5.(Source: AP)
Yet surveys also continued…

Ghazal time: Delhi to celebrate centennial birth anniversary of Begum AkhtarIn her times, she was perhaps the most prominent ghazal singer, and 100 years on, the appeal of her voice still remains intact.
Begum Akhtar, the legendary ghazal singer
Begum Akhtar, or Akhtari Bai Faizabadi, would have been 100 years old this year, if she were alive, but even 40 years after her death, her birth anniversary is still celebrated with as much gusto, by her disciple Rita Ganguly, along with other Akhtar fans.
This year, on October 6 and 7, Kala Dharmi, a non-profit cultural organisation that was started by Akhtar herself, and is now led by Ganguly, will celebrate her centennial birth anniversary in the Capital.
The two-day event, that is being supported by Hindustan Times, will see eminent singers like Talat Aziz, Pankaj Udhas, Chandan Das, Penaz Masani and Anup Jalota paying tribute to Akhtar.
"We will all be on stage together and sing her songs one after the other," shares Ganguly, about the big evening on October 6, and adds, "We will also be introducing some young singers and poets, who I have scouted for, from across the country. We want the younger generation to take the tradition of ghazals forward."
Besides the performances, awards will also be given away. Pankaj Udhas will be conferred the Lifetime Achievement Award on October 7, while poet Amjad Islam Amjad from Pakistan will be given an award from the Begum Akhtar Institute of Ghazal for his ­contribution to poetry.
"It's important that the younger generation is motivated to keep writing," she explains.

Bulgaria elects newparliamentA man looks at pre-election posters of the Bulgarian Socialist's party in Sofia, Friday, Oct. 3, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Sofia | Posted: October 5, 2014 10:30 am
Bulgarians are voting in a parliamentary election hoping a new government will end the political stalemate, revive the economy, solve a severe banking crisis, and find ways to ease Moscow’s grip on the country’s energy supplies.
Opinion surveys predict the biggest vote winner will be the center-right GERB party led by a former prime minister, Boyko Borisov, but it will fall short of a majority.
FILE – In Thursday, May 16, 2013 file photo, Boyko Borisov, Bulgaria’s ex-prime minister pauses, during a news conference after the official announcement of the election results in Sofia. Bulgarians are voting Sunday, Oct. 5, 2014, in a parliamentary election that will determine whether the country continues to build a Russian gas pipeline that would give the Kremlin even more leverage over Europe’s energy market _ a project the European Union opposes. (Source: AP)
The 55-year-old could face an uphill battle in building a coalition government which would fuel instability in a country already on a downward economic spiral.
Bulgaria, a nation of 7.3 million — the poorest in the European Union, is struggling with corruption and a widespread disillusionment with the governing elite that is expected to result in a low turnout.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi slams NCP-Congress  ignores ex-ally Shiv SenaModi said he had been to Aurangabad in the past, but by witnessing the response of people he could predict which direction the wind was blowing.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
AURANGABAD: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday flagged off the BJP's Maharashtra election campaign from Beed, assailing both the Congress and NCP for "corruption" and urging the people to give the BJP an absolute majority in the state. However, the PM avoided any mention of Shiv Sena , the party's estranged partner of 25 years, during his address in the home turf of late BJP leader Gopinath Munde.
Striking an emotional chord with the crowd, Modi recalled Gopinath Munde , saying he wouldn't have had to come to Maharashtra for campaigning had his ministerial colleague not died in a tragic car accident.
"If you want Munde's dreams to come true, ensure that the BJP comes to power in Maharashtra for the sake of development. If you elect a BJP government, it would be responsible for implementing the Central schemes while offering good governance and administration," Modi said.
Attacking the Congress, the PM said there is no difference between the NCP and Congress. "Though they have opened separate shops, they think alike, they work on the same pattern and their culture is one because they have emanated from a single source. They are not rashtrawadis (nationalist), they are 'Bhrashtacharwadi' (promoters of corruption)," he said.
"You have tolerated the Congress-led government in Maharashtra for 15 years while the same government chose to destroy the state. Now, the time has come for change and we are ready to serve you. I have come to Maharashtra to request people here to give the BJP and its smaller allies a clear mandate. I want to serve Maharashtra from Delhi. So, give a government that will help me serve the state,'' he said.
Modi urged the people in Beed to imagine Munde while casting votes for the BJP nominees. Munde's daughters Pankaja and Preetam are running for Parli assembly and Beed Lok Sabha seats.
In Aurangabad, Modi referred to the tourism potential of the district, home to the world heritage Ajanta and Ellora caves. "After the Taj Mahal, only Aurangabad has the potential to attract large number of tourists from across the world. Efforts are required for improving infrastructure and developing adequate facilities to boost tourism in Aurangabad,'' he said.
The BJP's 14 nominees from Aurangabad and Jalna districts attended the campaign meeting. The PM said Maharashtra was the No. 1 state in the country, but the 15-year Congress rule dragged it down to the 15th place in terms of development, 12th in terms of literacy and 6th in terms of employment opportunities.
Modi referred to the Jan Dhan Yojana, reduction in prices of diesel and petrol and his efforts to reduce the rate of inflation. The PM also said he had talked to the Chinese President during the opening of the road to Kailash Mansarovar. "The Chinese President has agreed, and now even elderly people will be able to visit Kailash Mansarovar by car," he said. He also referred to his recent US visit and said the world has now begun to recognize the strength of the country.
Page 1 of 2

Bassi joins cleanliness driveNEW DELHI, October 5, 2014
Updated: October 5, 2014 11:06 IST
Bassi joins cleanliness drive
Tweet
Delhi Police Commissioner B. S. Bassi and others cleaning the Tilak Marg police station
Delhi Police Commissioner B.S. Bassi on Saturday described the Swachh Bharat Campaign as an energy drink for the force’s own commitment to cleanliness.
Talking to journalists after a cleaning job at Tilak Marg police station as part of the campaign, Mr. Bassi said Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s latest initiative will help him give a “new police force” to Delhi. “We have directed Deputy Police Commissioners of all the districts and other units to focus on cleanliness and sanitation. Citizens who come to us will see a massive change and feel as if it is a new police department,” he said.
Delhi has around 180 police stations.
Mr. Bassi was accompanied by several senior Delhi Police officers, some of whom joined him with shovels. The cleaning job required a bit of effort given that layers of dust and debris had accumulated over time. Some senior officers also used the opportunity to take stock of other aspects of functioning at the Tilak Nagar police station.
On case property vehicles, which are reduced to junk and gather dust at police stations, Mr. Bassi said that a recent High Court order on time-bound disposal of the articles would help the police in addressing the problem.
October 2 – on his way to Valmiki Colony from where the cleanliness drive had to be kicked off – Mr. Modi had paid a surprise visit to the Mandir Marg police station. He himself picked up a broom and cleaned the area.

Huge Hong Kong rally as protesters re-open door for talksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Are wah reddy saaaaar diwali offer ....jai hindNew Member
1 Followers
looto sir happy dashera m really fan of ur calls sir i wana join u bcz m small borders n ur calls really helping a lot so from where i got ur call share me bout it sir. thanks in advance.
1.26 AM Oct 4th

What makes u so positive dearCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Where is the link of that newsPlatinum Member
85 Followers
IFCI technically looks very bullish with the uptrend intact . Consolidation around the 34.8-35.6 levels is expected with a breakout with volumes above 36.8 . With EBIDTA margins expected to improve slightly in the september quarter but with restructuring route valuations will be overstretched to 14 fy15x earnings . we arrive at a target price of 39.2 over next 20 trading sessions . Research calls and stock advice 9911 5656 12
7.25 PM Oct 2nd

Motorola to sell smartwatch for Rs. 17 999 in IndiaNew Delhi, October 3, 2014
Updated: October 3, 2014 16:04 IST
Motorola to sell smartwatch for Rs. 17,999 in India
PTI
AP In this June 25, 2014 photo, a man wears a Moto 360 by Motorola, an Android Wear smartwatch, on the demo floor at Google I/O 2014 in San Francisco.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
The smartwatch will be available exclusively on Flipkart starting from mid-day on Friday, Motorola said in a statement.
Handset maker Motorola said its smartwatch, Moto 360, will go on sale on Friday in India for Rs. 17,999.
The smartwatch will be available exclusively on Flipkart starting from mid-day on Friday, Motorola said in a statement.
Inspired by the classic wristwatch, the Moto 360 features a round design. It has a feature called ‘voice control’ which allows users to send texts, set a reminder, check the weather, and ask for directions.
Users can also keep track of steps and know their heart rate with the built-in pedometer and heart rate monitor, it added.
The smartwatch is compatible with smartphones running Android 4.3 or higher and is powered by Android Wear operating system.
With a 1.5-inch display, the device has a 320 mAh battery, 512 MB RAM and 4 GB internal storage.
Smart wearables, as a category, is growing globally with the likes of other tech giants, Samsung, LG and Apple coming out with their smartwatches across various price points.
Apart from smartwatches, many firms like Sony, Adidas and Goqii have introduced smartbands dedicated to healthcare or athletics with support applications like pedometer and heart rate monitor to help monitor various bodily functions.
Samsung’s Gear Live is available in India for about Rs. 15,900, while LG’s G Watch is priced at Rs. 14,999.

Is the CRPF capable of defeating the NaxalsBorder security force
(When Union Home Minister…)
When Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh visited Jharkhand on September 23, he rode a motorcycle to a Central Reserve Police Force camp in the Naxal-infested Saranda forests and got a reality check. A group of livid CRPF constables spoke their mind out on what is plaguing the country's largest counter-insurgency force.
"We do not even have bullet-proof patkas (lighter head gear)...how do we raise our heads from crawling positions while fighting Naxals?" Singh was asked. Another constable told him how a 'risk allowance' given to him to fight the Naxals was deducted from his salary for the days he was on leave.
When Singh returned to Delhi, he asked for a committee to be set up urgently to revamp the 3-lakh strong force. The minister knows the war against the Maoists hinges on the performance of the CRPF, which has deployed 1 lakh men to combat the Naxals.
"CRPF needs a thorough surgery," an official of the Ministry of Home Affairs said, adding that 81% of the force is engaged in high-intensity conflict theatres: 37% are fighting in remotely located Naxal areas, 28% are combating militancy in Jammu & Kashmir and 16% are countering insurgency in the North East. There are "serious problems" with the CRPF as it is largely treated as a "Chalte Raho Pyaare Force," given its frequent deployments, says former Border Security Force Director General Prakash Singh , an expert on Naxals.
The CRPF's main grouse seems to be the 'second-class' treatment meted out to it compared to the Indian armed forces as it says it is fighting an equal if not more persistent enemy. This perception is highlighted in a detailed memorandum that the CRPF presented to the 7th Pay Commission, which says the security paradigm has changed and fighting the enemy within the country is as vital as fighting an external threat.
"After 1971, Defence Forces fought only one war (Kargil) in 1999 in which 585 soldiers were martyred, but the proxy war fanned by our enemies is rife on our soil for four decades and by now, thousands of Central Armed Police Forces (CAPF) personnel have sacrificed their lives in service to the nation," the CRPF said in the memorandum, making a case for bracketing the CAPF with the defence forces for the purpose of granting higher pay, pension and compensation.
"It seems the age-old secretarial mindset that CAPFs being part of civil services cannot be equated with defence forces and that defence forces must be kept one up than other services needs to be corrected," the CRPF said. The memorandum paints a worrisome picture of disenchantment in the CRPF ranks. The force admits its "inability to retain personnel," which is reflected in the number of troops leaving the force. From 2006 to May this year, 30,346 people quit the CRPF with or without pension benefits, "which is an alarming rate of 3,793 personnel annually," the memorandum says.
"It will be no exaggeration to say that anyone who is offered service in the rank in state police leaves the force promptly," it says. Also serving men invariably queue up for deputation to other organisations, signaling deep dissatisfaction within the CRPF. "It is a stark reality that whenever willingness for deputation to organisations where the minimum comfort levels are assured is called for, it attracts a large number of volunteers," the CRPF admits. A single deputation post can attract as many as 40 applicants.
The CRPF blames it on the poor compensation package, which "does not even take care" of the essential needs of the personnel. "It is felt that present pay structure has failed to recruit and retain persons of right calibre," the memorandum says.
According to the government, 16,523 people, or about 1.47% of the force strength per year, quit the CRPF from 2009 to 2012, which is "normal and acceptable." The CRPF has taken steps to improve working conditions -- such as implementing a rational and fair leave policy, regulating hours to ensure adequate rest and relief and improved living conditions for troops and their families, the ministry said in response to a question in Parliament in July.
The CRPF has highlighted the poor service conditions in the force. A survey showed that only 42% of the wards of CRPF personnel in the age group of 18 and above study beyond the matriculation level. In 2013-14, a CRPF employee was able to stay with his wife and children for 30 days in a year on average, according to the survey. A large number of personnel could not avail of a static posting or stay with families during their entire service period.
"The percentage of our personnel who could not avail static posting is as high as 90%. The satisfaction level of family accommodation in the CRPF is only 13%, which means that 87% of the personnel are not provided any family accommodation," the memorandum says.

Dussehra Festival: Four Financial Planning Lessons You Can LearnRBI Issues Clarification on Credit Cards
In Hindu tradition, the Dussehra festival that calls for big celebrations is regarded as the time to take a fresh perspective of life and marks the beginning of new things. If you look closely, the festival also offers some precious financial lessons you can implement. So, how about looking at your finances in a whole new way this year?
Dussehra or Vijayadashami - the festival that marks the victory of good over evil in Hindu mythology - is celebrated with much pomp and fervor in India by burning large effigies of Ravana. The festival also brings with itself a few important lessons you can implement to your financial plans to have a better grip on your finances and plan for a better future.
Here are four financial planning lessons you can learn from Dussehra:
1. Cast away your bad debt
Dussehra, as we mentioned earlier, is the time when good conquers evil. So if you have too much of credit card debt and are perilously close to reaching your credit limit, focus all your energies towards the repayment of this kind of debt. This is a debt of the worst sort and can be the real enemy of a financial plan. Not only is it a high cost debt, as you pay a steep rate of interest on it, it will also impact your credit score negatively over the longer term.
2. Live with financial self-discipline
Lord Rama is believed to have lived a life of 'Dharma', meaning one has to be upright and responsible in life. The same principles should be made applicable to your finances as well. If you are an important earning member of your family, you must apply financial discipline in a manner that you take care of your family's needs not just at present but provide for the future as well.
This means you need to save wisely. Just like Lord Rama did not deter in living a life of frugality when it was required of him, you must also learn to live in less than what you earn in order to save enough for your future needs like childrens' education, health-related and other emergencies, and most importantly, a comfortable and stress-free retirement for yourself.
3. Protect your finances
Dussehra is a time when the Hindu faith is renewed in the divine promise that whenever there is evil prevailing on Earth, a saviour will be born to protect humanity. You too should take a cue from this message and learn to protect your finances. You should have enough life, health and asset-related insurance. People often get so caught up with growing their portfolio that they keep insurance at a minimum. On the contrary, it should be the other way around. You should first assess the insurance needs of your family and then invest in the surplus in other instruments to maximise your gains.
4. 'It's time for new beginnings'
Dussehra also signifies doing away with the old and getting a new lease of life. Apply this principle to your finances as well. If you do not have a proper financial plan chalked out according to your short-term and long-term financial goals, there isn't a better time to begin.
Disclaimer: All information in this article has been provided by Creditvidya.com and NDTV Profit is not responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the same.
Story first published on: October 04, 2014 12:25 (IST)

Modi & Obama look to strengthen Indo-US defence tiesBarack Obama
(In a joint address, PM Modi…)
NEW DELHI: Expressing confidence in the potential of strengthening Indo-US ties, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said, "We will further our defence ties; I invite US defence companies to manufacture in India."
In a joint address, PM Modi and US President Barack Obama touched upon many issues including terrorism and trade facilitation.
"I have sought continued use of US markets for Indian services companies," Modi said. Inviting US investment in India, Modi sought to assure, "We are focusing in India on not only policy but also processes."
Talking about trade facilitation and the WTO stand-off, Modi said, "India supports trade facilitation, but I also hope that we are able to find a solution to our food security concerns."
Modi said after his Oval Office talks with Obama that the pair had had a "candid" discussion on the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA). "US is an integral part of our Look East, Link West policy," Modi added.
"We are serious about resolution of issues on both sides to enable civil nuclear energy cooperation to take off," Modi said.
Thanking Obama and US citizens for their warm welcome, Modi invited the US President and his family for a visit to India. "I was very happy to meet US President Obama. I am happy that we are meeting each other within a few days of our countries' Mars mission," Modi said.
"I have seen extraordinary excitement among people about Indo-US ties. I thank them for their hospitality, " Modi concluded.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PayPal taps an outsider to push it into a new eraYou are here: Home > Collections > Ebay
PayPal taps an outsider to push it into a new era
New York Times Oct 4, 2014, 03.54AM IST
Tags:
(EBay announced on Tuesday…)
by Mike Issac
NEW YORK: Dan Schulman is not a suit-and-tie type of guy. He did not attend classes at an Ivy League school, but he used to drive a delivery truck for Princeton University's campus bookstore. He did not go into academia, like his parents; he preferred varsity sports. Forgoing wingtips and slacks, he is more likely to show up to a boardroom meeting wearing flip-flops and jeans in the summer, or a pair of cowboy boots in the winter.
EBay announced on Tuesday that it would spin off PayPal, its online payments business, an apparent effort to keep up with the fast-changing pace of the global ecommerce industry. To run Pay-Pal, the company brought in Schulman.
EBay announced several other executive changes as well: John J Donahoe , eBay's chief executive, will no longer have a day-to-day role at the company after the split, expected next year. Devin Wenig , the current head of eBay's marketplace unit, will run eBay after that. But Schulman, 56, is the biggest unknown in the mix, and his job comes with its share of challenges. He must find ways to attract new engineering talent to PayPal, which is viewed by many in Silicon Valley as technologically stagnant. He faces threats from new and powerful entrants in mobile payment, including Apple.
And perhaps most of all, he must lead the company into a new era of using technology to make purchases, ushered in by the advent of the smartphone.
EBay declined to offer any executives for interviews. But former colleagues and analysts said that Schulman's pedigree seemed to check all the boxes for PayPal's needs.
A former executive at American Express, Schulman helped introduce a prepaid card called Serve, expanding a brand historically synonymous with an affluent customer base to new segments of the market. He also led a similar push at Virgin Mobile , where he was chief executive, at the behest of its founder, Richard Branson , introducing a wave of prepaid smartphones to young customers.
"He's led a lot of different companies into new areas of transformation," said Karen L Webster , CEO of Market Platform Dynamics, who worked with Schulman during his time at American Express. "If you look at how the payments landscape is changing with new players, it seems like he's the right guy for the transition."
And that combination of experience is crucial, analysts say, to keep PayPal in a leading position in the world of commerce.
But the promise of experience is hardly a cure for PayPal's deficits.
Former employees describe the code base on which PayPal is built as antiquated and out of date. For example, Keith Rabois , a venture capitalist who was an early Pay-Pal executive, said that the company had failed to create exciting products over the last decade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bill Gross starts new gig at Janus Capital Group with one traderYou are here: Home > Collections
After leaving Pimco, Bill Gross starts new gig at Janus Capital Group with one trader
Agencies Oct 4, 2014, 02.23AM IST
Tags:
Allianz SE
(Gross last week left Pimco, where…)
BOSTON | NEW YORK: Bond star Bill Gross so far has requested only one trader for his new gig at Janus Capital Group, according to a report from mutual fund research firm Morningstar Inc.
Gross last week rattled global bond markets with his surprise departure from Pacific Investment Management Co (Pimco), where he ran the massive $222-billion Pimco Total Return Fund, to join Janus to run a new unconstrained bond fund with about $13 million in assets.
"To support Gross' end of the business, Janus will need to have the infrastructure in place to manage a sudden influx of cash," Morningstar analyst Sumit Desai said in a research report. "So far, Gross has requested just one trader to assist him in the Newport Beach, California office that Janus will set up for him, as well as potentially one client-facing person," the report said. Janus was not available for comment.
EL-ERIAN SURPRISED
Mohamed El-Erian , who quit Pimco in January amid reports of clashes with Gross, said he was surprised by the events surrounding the departure of the star bond manager last week. "His departure — the fact that it happened and how it happened — was a surprise," El-Erian, 56, said in an interview with Betty Liu on Bloomberg Television . "What was not a surprise was the bench and a strong team led by Dan Ivascyn. They are superb," said the former chief executive officer and co-chief investment officer of Newport Beach, California-based Pimco.
Pimco last week named 45-year-old Ivascyn, a top-ranked money manager, as CIO as it seeks to revive performance and restore calm at a firm that has been rattled by management disputes.
El-Erian on Sept 27 praised Ivascyn as a "brilliant investor" and an "inspiring leader." Ivascyn's Pimco Income Fund has beaten 99% of competitors over the past three and five years.
El-Erian, chief economic adviser at Pimco parent Allianz SE , said he was "happy" with his current role in response to whether he would return to Pimco as CEO. "I have this portfolio of activity and I get to spend a lot more time with my daughter," said El-Erian.
FEATURED ARTICLES

As Fed retreats  other central banks expand stimulusYou are here: Home > Collections > Ecb
As US Federal Reserve retreats, other central banks expand stimulus
New York Times Oct 4, 2014, 02.15AM IST
Tags:
(As the growth of the United…)
by Binyamin Appelbaum, Jack Ewing & Neil Gough
WASHINGTON: As the growth of the United States economy outstrips the rest of the developed world, US policymakers are allowing Europe, Japan and even China to seek a little more prosperity — at the expense of Americans. The Obama administration and the Federal Reserve have watched quietly in recent years as foreign governments and central banks have chipped away at the dollar value of their currencies, strengthening their export industries in the hope of stimulating their economies. The trend is likely to intensify over the next year as the Fed retreats from its own stimulus campaign while the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan expand their efforts. Mario Draghi, the head of the European Central Bank, said on Thursday it would begin a new round of bond purchases this month.
The US has long argued that markets should determine the value of currencies and criticised nations that try to manipulate exchange rates. The current silence reflects both the simple reality that the US economy needs less help than the rest of the developed world and the judgment of officials that the United States would benefit greatly from stronger global growth. That, they say, would be true even if, in the short term, it makes the country's goods a little harder to sell and jobs a little harder to find.
"You're seeing American officials turn a blind eye to Mario Draghi talking down the euro, and turn a blind eye to interventions by the Chinese, because in both cases they're making the judgment that having a stabilised situation and decent growth prospects in these countries is far more important," said Adam Posen, president of the Peterson Institute for International Economics. "I tend to agree with that."
US leaders have embraced and celebrated a strong dollar as evidence of a strong economy. It lets Americans buy more foreign goods and borrow more cheaply from foreign countries. It also may draw foreign investors to US financial markets, supporting the rise of asset prices. But the rise of the dollar carries large risks, too. It makes it harder for US companies to sell goods and services. It may be contributing to the sluggish pace of domestic inflation. And some economists warn that letting the dollar rise is not a sustainable method of encouraging growth.
The ECB still has not fully deployed the arsenal of a modern central bank to improve growth in Europe. It has refrained from the large-scale purchases of government debt undertaken by the Fed, the Bank of Japan and the Bank of England. But in recent months it has sought to push down the value of the euro through a variety of measures. In September, the ECB offered loans that were practically interest-free to commercial banks that promised to lend the money to businesses and consumers.
On Thursday, after a board meeting Naples, Italy, the central bank outlined a two-year plan to buy private sector assets, including bank loans packaged into securities. "These purchases will have a sizeable impact," Draghi said at a news conference after the meeting.
So far, US officials primarily seem frustrated that the European Central Bank continues to act slowly. James Bullard, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis, last year became the rare official to call publicly for stronger action when he told an audience in Frankfurt, Germany, that the ECB should buy government bonds.
Another question is whether the programmes will provide a sufficient jolt. A similar lending programme started by the Bank of England in 2012 has not reversed the decline in small-business lending in that country. "Nobody's hiring, nobody's investing, nobody's spending," said Stefano Micossi, the director general of Assonime, an Italian business group. "There is no demand for credit. The system is not constrained by the funding side. The banks are awash in liquidity."
Japan, which has been grappling with the problems confronting Europe for more than two decades, is also seeking growth through currency moves. Under the "Abenomics" stimulus campaign that prime minister Shinzo Abe began in early 2013, the Bank of Japan has agreed to double the money supply, and the price of yen in dollars has dropped by about 24%. The results have not met expectations. Japan's trade deficit has increased while inflation remains weak. The Japanese economy shrank by 7.1% in the second quarter after a sales tax increase.
China's economic rise was built on the suppression of its currency to support cheap exports at the expense of domestic consumption. Then, beginning in 2010, the People's Bank of China let the renminbi rise about 20% against the dollar as part of its effort to encourage a transition away from export-led growth. But this year, with the economy growing at the slowest pace in more than a decade, China once again pressed down on the renminbi. Its value has fallen about 2% against the dollar so far this year. "It was a way to stimulate the economy without resorting to full blown credit and investmentdriven stimulus," said Diana Choyleva , the head of macroeconomic research at Lombard Street Research in London.
While that small change has prompted little criticism from the United States, the looming question is whether China will continue.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Expect corporate credit demand to accelerate in mid 2015: Bhattacharya  SBIArundhati Bhattacharya
("India has been brought…)
In a chat with ET Now, Arundhati Bhattacharya, Chairman, SBI, talks about their new initiative SBI InTouch and also shares her business and macroeconomic outlook. Excerpts:
ET Now: Tell us about SBI InTouch. What this new and swanky branch is all about and are you looking at opening more such branches? Will there be more tie-ups with various IT companies?
Arundhati Bhattacharya: We felt that it is necessary to create a sub-brand within SBI for the youth because we found that the youth perceive the State Bank of India to be very trustworthy, but it is perceived as your parent's banker, not really their banker.
With that in mind, we looked around to see what is it that the youth relate to and they relate very well to the digital experience. That being the case, we thought that we should go in for digital branches. The difference is these branches are located in malls, high street shopping areas, and sometimes in the SEZs where you have a large number of young customers. These branches do not have the standard chairs and tables, they do not have cash and basically, they give you what is called the immersive digital experience.
There are machines that will allow you to open your accounts. If you have an Aadhaar number and the scanning of your fingerprint, you will be able to get an account opened. You will be able to get a personalised debit card also from the card machine that is right next to the ATM kiosk. Other than that, there will be screens which will enable you to look for what you want. If you want a car loan, you can actually find out what are the models within the amount that you want. It will also give you the social networking feed which will tell you what people are saying about these models, what are the manufacturers claiming that these models are like. It will enable you at the same time to plan your loans.
If you give them the income criteria, they will tell you how much of loans are available. Similar to this, over a period of time, we will have the entire home loans being done out of this. Also things like vacation packages, education loans will all be covered here. We also have some little cubicles which we call remote pods. These will be available with remote experts and if you call them up, they will guide you and handhold you through any kind of loans you want to take.
ET Now: Having this virtual branch per se and also all the other automated transactions that the banks are now adopting, it will actually help you ease the pressure of manpower crunch that you will be facing because it says that in another four years, you could see nearly 40000 people retiring. So do you think that it will help bring down the cost as well as also help solve that particular problem to some extent?
Arundhati Bhattacharya: Definitely to some extent because while we have 40000 people retiring and we may take in 40000 also, but on the other side, you also have to understand that our demography is such that I will be getting many more customers. So it is not so much a question of people retiring, but it is also a question of our number of customers getting ramped up. This entire InTouch experience will shortly be also available on the mobile. So, people will be able to do everything that you are seeing over here in the comfort of their homes and if that is the case, obviously the requirements for people can come down.
  ET Now: Would you be interested in having a large telecommunication company being as a BC model for SBI? You have the customer base and definitely, it will make a good concept. Do you think that you will be interested in that?
Arundhati Bhattacharya: Definitely, we have to have some kinds of tie-ups. We are already doing a number of tie-ups for the BCs. For the corporate business correspondence, we have already tied up with a number of big corporates and, therefore, these mobile companies coming onboard are absolutely on the cards.
However, we still want to see the final guidelines regarding the payment banks. Over here, the regulator's requirement is that remittances and payments should become as simple as it can be made and the cash intensity has to come down. So everywhere, you need not have to take out cash in order to make small value payments. Now how do we get that right, how do we ensure that by the click of a button, you are able to send off money? It should be as simple as choosing your number from the contact list of your mobile.
When we are able to achieve that, there will be a proliferation of payments and for that we may not really need a payment bank. It may also be possible to do all of this without a payment banking structure merely by ensuring the link up of the mobile companies with the banks. So that is something that we are definitely looking at. We are trying to see how best this can be organised.
ET Now: There are reports that you are in talks with Airtel for BC model on payments bank. Are there some large telecom companies involved?

A bumper Diwali for second-hand goods onlineA bumper Diwali for second-hand goods online
Anusha Soni | New Delhi Oct 04, 2014 11:03 PM IST
It is not just the e-commerce majors like Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal that are heightening their sales pitch to tap the festive-season bonanza; online companies dealing in second-hand goods, such as OLX and Quikr, too, are set for some fireworks this Diwali.
"Photo khench, Quikr pe bech!" (click a picture and sell it on Quikr!), says Quikr's tag line. Its lead rival in the listing and classified ad business, OLX, meanwhile, has tied up with Flipkart. It is encouraging people to sell their used wares on OLX and buy new products on Flipkart this festive season.
Selling second-hand goods, surely, was never this easy - even goats for Eid al-Adha have been listed on these sites. The lead players in this Rs 22,000-crore market (urban second-hand stocked goods), could see a traffic surge of over 50 per cent during the festival season, say industry experts.
"It is difficult to predict the trajectory for the festive season, but a 40 per cent rise in sales 10 days before Diwali is a healthy sign. We are on course and will easily surpass our target," says a person from the sales team of a company that buys and sells used products.
With aggressive brand-building initiatives, these companies' advertising budgets ahead of Diwali is understood to have seen a spike of about 15 per cent. Also, there has been a surge in online listings, as well as physical transactions.
OLX, an Argentine classifieds site launched in India in 2006, has 9.7 million product listings today. It is present in 96 countries and lists across 500 Indian cities. Used mobile phones, cars, motorcycles and home & kitchen appliances - the most popular categories for the company - are expected to see high growth as Diwali nears. OLX does not disclose India-specific numbers but industry estimates suggest its website here gets eight million unique users a month.
Similarly, Quikr claims to have about 10 million product listings on its website. It says it facilitates over one million transactions a month (including lead generation for small businesses) and has an estimated gross merchandise value of $2 billion. "We have seen a manifold growth since last year," says a Quikr executive who does not wish to be named.
As a value-add feature, Quikr's website is offering 'minimum selling price calculator' to help buyers and sellers understand if they are getting the right price. The feature gives predictive algorithm on the basis of latest market data. "This is our initiative to instil more confidence among buyers and bring more clarity in the pricing of second-hand goods," Pranay Chulet, founder & chief executive of Quikr, had told Business Standard in an earlier interaction.
Launched in 2008 by Chulet, an alumnus of the Indian Institute of Technology and Indian Institute of Management, Quikr has so far raised Rs 1,300 crore in eight rounds of funding. Tiger Global Management is the latest entrant in its investor pool, which includes Kinnevik, Matrix Partners and eBay. OLX is a Naspers-backed company.

Matt Williams  Adam LaRoche stay even-keel ahead of NLDS Game 2By James Wagner October 4 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Adam LaRoche. (Photo by Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post)
Following Friday’s loss in the opener of the National League Division Series, Bryce Harper and Denard Span both expressed urgency heading into the second game of the best-of-five series, calling Saturday a must-win game against the Giants and Tim Hudson. But before Saturday’s game, Nationals Manager Matt Williams and first baseman Adam LaRoche, a quiet team leader and one of the most even-keeled players on the team, were more measured in their feelings.
Asked if he would manage Game 2 any differently than before, perhaps with more urgency, Williams flatly said no. At least, publicly.
“You can’t,” Williams said. “Regardless of result, yesterday doesn’t mean that you do anything differently today. Our objective is to score one more run then they do. That is all we focus on every day. So, no, there is no difference in today’s game as opposed to today’s, win, lose, draw. It doesn’t matter for us. We need to win today’s game. If we were able to win yesterday’s game, it would be the same approach.”
The Nationals haven’t lost consecutive games since dropping back-to-back games to the Phillies on Sept. 5 and 6. In fact, the Nationals have lost consecutive game only three times since August.
“We regroup the same way we have all year after a loss,” LaRoche said. “You guys know this game, you have to have a really short memory. I think we’ve gotten to be very good at that this year, being able to bounce back from close games that we lose and from blowout games. Come back the next day and know that it is a new day, and a fresh start. I don’t see why that will change now, you know, even though the stage is a little bigger.”
In explaining his role in a defensive miscue in the third inning, LaRoche reiterated his belief that the Nationals should play the same way they have all season. With a runner on first base, LaRoche went to second base instead of first after fielding a sacrifice bunt attempt. The runner at second, Travis Ishikawa, was safe, as was Jake Peavy at first. After a passed ball and single, the Giants took a 1-0 lead.
“My play was a bad decision,” LaRoche said. “I am coming in, I really got to go off my gut right there. I have my back to the runner. I have to just kind of, from experience, know the timing of getting to the ball, how much time I got. It was cutting it a little close. Ended up costing us a run. You know, we played aggressive baseball all year. Sometimes it doesn’t work out. A lot of times it has. It saved us runs. So now is not the time to be back on our heels playing defensive.”
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

Cardback: App that helps you decide which ca...We now have an app that can do this for us. It’s called Cardback, a predictive Android app that alerts users about which of their credit, debit or loyalty cards will give them the best deal
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Jyoti Pande Lavakare
Some weeks ago, I overheard two of my girlfriends discussing the merits and challenges of credit card points. One of them had recently been able to buy a return ticket from Delhi to Doha on one of her privilege credit cards without paying a single rupee. "How did you manage that?
I've been using my card for everything, including payment of all bills for utilities, but I won't even be able to get a ticket from Delhi to Faridabad anytime soon," my other friend complained, as they tried to compare payments, spending and other deals on the multiple credit, debit and loyalty cards they owned between the two of them.
Play the Cards Right
For those of us who aren't savvy enough to unlock the hidden value our cards hold — like free lounge access, upgrades to business class, access to emerald golf courses, free iPods — we now have an app that can do this for us. It's called Cardback, a predictive Android app that alerts users about which of their credit, debit or loyalty cards will give them the best deal, the maximum bang for the buck for a specific payment, based on their card options and current location. The app, a location-aware mobile platform that helps people save money and spend wisely, has been downloaded 30,000 times. And this when it is available only in the Android version. "Our iOS and Windows versions, upgraded with improved functionalities, will be available for download before Diwali," says Nikhil Wason, co-founder of Orangut Labs, whose flagship product is Cardback. His company currently has six employees, including the other cofounder Nidhi Gurnani.
Most people who use cards to pay for goods and services carry multiple credit, debit, prepaid and loyalty cards but rarely use them "smartly". So, they end up spending more than they should have or lose out on earning money in the form of cashback, reward points, interest rates or other deals, says Wason. "Cardback helps people decide on which card to use before making a payment so that they get the maximum benefit out of a transaction."
Here's how it works: the user has to enter basic card details, like name of the issuing bank, type of card. The app then fetches the best deals available on cards at standard outlet chains located close by. But here's the best part: The app doesn't take any card numbers or sensitive information, and doesn't enable any money flow through its system, which makes it very secure.
Cardback is currently supported in Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore — urban centres with maximum card penetration — but the team plans to launch in Hyderabad, Chennai and Pune in the next quarter, following which it will expand to Chandigarh, Ahmedabad and Kolkata.
The developers have added a comparative dimension to the app. "If you let the app know how much you need to pay and where, it will take less than five seconds to let you know which of your existing cards you should use to complete that transaction. It is like giving Google maps your start and end-point destination and the app finding you the best route," says Wason. Cardback can also help users optimize their credit cycle, so that their interest payout is minimized.

Vijay Amritraj launches own fine wine collec...Tennis star Vijay Amritraj launches own fine wine collection with Grover Zampa Vineyards
By Ishani Duttagupta , ET Bureau | 5 Oct, 2014, 05.58AM IST
Amritraj unveiled the Vijay Amritraj Reserve Collection — a white and a red wine from Grover Zampa vineyards — at a celebrity-packed Wimbledon themed party.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
As Vijay Amritraj, one of India's earliest international tennis stars, launched his own fine wine collection with Indian wine producer Grover Zampa Vineyards, it was only fitting that Wimbledon provided the background.
Amritraj unveiled the Vijay Amritraj Reserve Collection — a white and a red wine from Grover Zampa vineyards — at a celebrity-packed Wimbledon themed party at St James' Court, a Taj Hotel in London, during the Wimbledon fortnight in July.
"I am passionate about wine. During my travels around the world, I have tasted and collected different kinds of wine and when Kapil Grover, one of the owners of Grover Zampa, suggested that I launch my own label with his company, I really liked the idea," Amritraj told ET Magazine. While the Vijay Amritraj Reserve Collection, which was recently launched in India, is the first celebrity wine label in this country, the tennis ace joins famous golfers Ernie Els and Greg Norman, both of whom have their own wine collections and are passionate about wine. Els, a South African golfer, created the Ernie Els Wines label with its base in Stellenbosch, South Africa, in 1999.
Australian professional golfer Greg Norman has set up Greg Norman Estates, a collection of wines from regions in Australia, California and Argentina. But it's not just celebrities who are passionate about wines and launch their own labels. Brian Schmidt, an Australian astrophysicist and Nobel laureate, owns Maipenrai, a vineyard and winery in Yass River Valley in Canberra, Australia, dedicated to making fine Pinot Noir wine. For his part, India's first celebrity wine label owner, unlike the connoisseur golfers who have set up their own
winemaking outfits as well, so far is only a joint owner of the Vijay Amritraj Reserve brand with Grover Zampa on a royalty payment basis. But that doesn't reduce his commitment to his wine brand. "I have been involved with the label since the beginning when we started planning it a few years back. From choosing the grape varieties for both the white wine (a barrelfermented varietal Viognier) and the red (a blend of Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon and Viognier) to designing the label, I have been involved at every stage," he says. And he is proud about the final products, both of which, he says, were received well in London.
"While the product speaks for itself, such international recognition will also help showcase Indian wines globally," Amritraj added.
Priced at £14.99 a bottle in the UK and Rs 1,200 in India, Grover Zampa now plans to take it to South East Asia and finally launch in the US .
"Our products are already available in about 10 international markets and we are now upbeat about taking the VA label to markets across Europe and the US," says Sumedh Singh Mandla, chief executive officer of Grover Zampa.
Mandla adds that he is keen to prove that wines from Indian vineyards are comparable with those in the global markets.
Industry experts say the Amritraj and Grover Zampa tie-up could be the start of a global trend of celebrities associating with alcobeverage labels in India. "Vijay Amritraj could be a trendsetter in India, with cricketers and Bollywood stars soon looking at launching their own labels. However, wineries in India may not be able to afford tying up with topend endorsers unless the latter plan to invest in the winery they promote," says Magandeep Singh, sommelier and wine consultant. He feels that a celebrity launch such as the Vijay Amritraj Reserve helps to take the brand mainstream. "The company will have to use the celebrity prominently to reach the maximum number of people. Just one launch won't have far-reaching consequences," he adds.
In the long term, he sees serious players investing in the wineries rather than going in for just a branding tie-up. "I'd rather have celebrities invest in a new winery as opposed to merely launching a brand with an existing house. We need more players with a sense for quality rather than everybody getting behind the same 2-3 brands in India," adds Singh. Though India's top wine producer Sula Vineyards has not yet partnered with celebrities for any of their labels, founder and CEO Rajeev Samant believes that sometimes personalities could have a very positive rub-off on wines. "While the trend is yet to catch on in India, we have a collaboration with artist Jaideep Mehrotra — the label on our Satori Merlot Red Wine is an exclusive painting by him," says Samant.

U.S. Stocks End Week on a Positive NoteThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Elephants still being subjected to torture in circuses: PETA21
0
New Delhi: Elephants are still "tortured" in circuses despite a decision by Animal Welfare Board of India last year to ban their registration for performing in such shows, an animal rights group has alleged.
"AWBI, a statutory body under the Ministry of Environment and Forests, decided to ban the registration following reports of rampant use of weapons, including iron hooks and sticks with protruding nails to make the elephants perform. "Though, legal show-cause notices were issued to the defaulter circuses then but its been an year, neither the elephants being subjected to torture in these circuses seized and sent to rehabilitation centres nor they have been deregistered for performances," Poorva Joshipura, CEO, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India, claimed.
Reacting to the allegations, AWBI asserted it is in the process of deregistering existing elephants at circuses and no new elephant has been registered in the past six months. Following a nine-month-long investigation in circuses across the country conducted by PETA and NGO Animal Rahat which was authorised by AWBI, the board had in November 2013 decided to ban registration of elephants for performance in view of huge cruelties and abuse suffered by them.
The investigation, conducted in 16 circuses across the country, had revealed that animals used in circuses were subjected to chronic confinement, physical abuse, and psychological torment.
#elephant #circus #peta #awbi
The investigation, conducted in 16 circuses across the country, had revealed that animals used in circuses were subjected to chronic confinement, physical abuse, and psychological torment. "While the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) in November 2009 decreed that elephants may no longer be exhibited by zoos and circuses, the decree was not applicable against the circuses while the AWBI continued to authorise elephant use.
But, now that it was already decided, we have urged both CZA and animal board to enforce it," Poorva said. The MoEF had also directed the AWBI in July to take necessary steps to deregister the animals used in circuses and also make arrangements for rehabilitation of deregistered animals.
"AWBI should also not register any new animal," the official communication sent by MoEF to the board said. "We are in process of deregistering the elephants. We had issued show cause notices to all the defaulters but only one of the circus has responded to the notice so far.
Meanwhile, we also a re-inspection conducted through an independent agency to be extremely sure and the rehabilitation process will begin soon, " AWBI's Chairman RM Kharb said. "We are on our toes to save the elephants from the torture they are subjected to at circuses. We have also requested the ministry for a similar ban for all the animals," Kharb added. PETA has also called upon the AWBI, the CZA and the MoEF to permit performances by circuses only with willing human performers and immediately ban the use of all animals in circuses, following the lead of Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cyprus and Greece.
"Circuses are a relic of a bygone age which have become even more unacceptable as our knowledge and understanding of the animal kingdom has grown. "Children naturally love animals and would never condone the circus if they knew that circuses keep elephants nearly constantly chained, jab them with iron hooks, whip horses, crudely cut the wings of birds, and force animals to do tricks that are unnatural and would be frightening and confusing for them," Poorva said.
Use of unregistered animals, forcing them to perform unregistered tricks, physical abuse of animals, erroneous certificates of health for travel, lack of permanent veterinarians and transport of unfit and pregnant animals, were a few of the anomalies noted in the report titled 'Animals in Indian circuses: A PETA investigative report'.
11

Air Passenger Association opposes DGCA directive to airlines on cleanliness driveE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Google chairman Eric Schmidt: Steve Jobs is ...Google chairman Eric Schmidt says Steve Jobs is my hero
By Business Insider | 5 Oct, 2014, 10.29AM IST
Despite  rivalries, especially over patents, Schmidt held deep admiration for Jobs. In 2008, Schmidt called him "the best CEO in the world today."
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Google chairman Eric Schmidt isn't afraid of being critical of Apple — last week, he even told Bloomberg competition between the two tech giants is as "brutal" as ever — but when asked about his heroes on Thursday night, he gave a simple answer: "For me, it's easy. Steve Jobs ."
"We could all aspire to be a small percentage of Steve," Schmidt told a packed room at the Commonwealth Club of Silicon Valley , according to CNET. He was there to promote his new book he wrote with Google's products VP Jonathan Rosenberg , "How Google Works."
Schmidt and Jobs first met each other in 1993; Jobs had already been canned by his former company and was working at NeXT, while Schmidt was at Sun Microsystems , where he started as the company's first software manager and eventually climbed the latter to become director of software engineering and president of Sun Technology Enterprises, among other titles.
The two met when Jobs invited a few members of Sun's team, including Schmidt, to learn about the new computer language that served as the foundation for the latest NeXT computer, called Objective-C.
Schmidt questioned some of the technical aspects of Jobs's presentation, but he was absolutely smitten with his persuasiveness. And as Schmidt and his team tried dissecting Jobs' new technologies in the parking lot of NeXT, Jobs noticed the group still chatting and ran out to continue the conversation — for another full hour, according to Schmidt's new book.
Schmidt and Jobs became friends over the years. And in 2006, Jobs invited Schmidt to join Apple's board.
Google was a big part of Apple's first iPhone event in 2007, since Google search and Maps would be a major part of the early iOS ecosystem — Schmidt even appeared on stage to introduce those products and talk up the iPhone. But when Google finally announced Android later that same year, the rivalry between Google and Apple began heating up.
Jobs felt betrayed; in August, months prior to Android's unveiling, Jobs got wind of Google's open source competitor to iOS, and reportedly "railed" at him, "furious about his smartphone plans and duplicity," according to Gawker.
Jobs later told his biographer Walter Isaacson that "I'm going to destroy Android, because it's a stolen product. I'm willing to go thermonuclear war on this."
Schmidt ultimately stepped down from Apple's board in August 2009.
But still, despite the rivalries in mobile and in the courtroom, especially over patents, Schmidt held deep admiration for Jobs and his "reality distortion field." In 2008, Schmidt called Jobs "the best CEO in the world today."
"Exceptional people are worth hanging out with," Schmidt said Thursday. "Because there is a good chance they are going to change the world."

Narendra Modi inspires investor confidence in US visit  $42 bn committedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Doctor successfully treated for EbolahospitalisedPress Trust of India | Massachusetts | Posted: October 5, 2014 11:01 am
A U.S. doctor and missionary who was successfully treated for Ebola he contracted in Africa is back in the hospital with what appears to be a respiratory infection, and doctors don’t suspect a recurrence of the virus.
UMass Memorial Medical Center says Dr. Richard Sacra was hospitalized Saturday and is in stable condition. His has a cough and pinkeye.
Dr. Robert Finberg, who is leading Sacra’s medical team, says “it is highly unlikely” the Ebola has returned and stressed that the public isn’t at risk.
The hospital says Sacra will remain in isolation until doctors have confirmation he is not infected with the virus. They expect to know with certainty within a day or two.
Sacra returned home Sept. 25 after weeks of treatment at a Nebraska hospital.

Liverpool still have a long way to go  says BrendanRodgersLiverpool manager Brendan Rodger (left) and West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Irvine keeping a watch on their respective teams on Saturday in Liverpool. (Source: Reuters)
Agence-France Presse | Liverpool | Posted: October 5, 2014 10:40 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 10:44 am
Brendan Rodgers admits Liverpool still have plenty of room for improvement despite recording a much-needed 2-1 win over West Bromwich Albion.
Rodgers’ side, beaten 1-0 by Basel in the Champions League in midweek, secured a first win in four Premier League games with a tense victory at Anfield on Saturday.
It was enough to move the Reds, who finished second in the Premier League last season, into the top half of the table, with 10 points from their seven matches, but the Liverpool manager knows his team remain short of peak form.
Rodgers made a host of signings over the close-season in an attempt to replace star striker Luis Suarez, who joined Barcelona, and bolster his squad for a sustained challenge in the Premier League and Champions League.
So far the results of his overhaul have been underwhelming, but Rodgers is hopeful performances will improve if the club’s injury problems have cleared by the end of the forthcoming international break.
“Performance wise we’ve still got a way to go,” he said.
“The speed and movement of our game, the intensity is still developing.
“But I’d rather have that now and do what we’ve done in the last two seasons and get better and better as the season goes on. While you’re searching for that it’s important you find a way to win.
“The players have got remarkable character, there are a lot of young players here and new players coming finding out what it’s like to be at a big club.
“It was a very important win for us and we’ll hopefully come back after the international break and be back to what we were (for the 3-0 win) at Tottenham (in August).
“A full squad to pick from gives me the chance to look at different ideas if I need to and hopefully we can go on a run.”
The speed and movement of our game, the intensity is still developing

No decision on making CAG multi-member body: Finance Ministry4
0
New Delhi: No decision has been taken on the suggestion of the UPA government-appointed Shunglu Committee to make CAG a multi-member body, the Finance Ministry has said.
The high-level committee, headed by former CAG VK Shunglu, had in March 2011 written to former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh suggesting changes in the country's top auditing body.
Replying to an RTI query, the Finance Ministry said that it was suggested for Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) that a three-member body would have greater transparency in its operation.
Replying to an RTI query, the Finance Ministry said that it was suggested for Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) that a three-member body would have greater transparency in its operation.
#finance ministry #cag #rti
"Out of the three members, one member should possess professional accounting qualifications, CA or its transnational equivalent. This should not seem to exclude an Indian Audits and Accounts Service (IAAS) officer from the triumvirate, who has wide exposure to finance, audit and accounts and best international practices in these areas. No decision has been taken by the government (on these suggestions)," the Ministry said in reply to an RTI.
The Shunglu panel, which probed alleged irregularities in 2010 Commonwealth Games-related projects executed by various government departments and private firms, had also suggested changes in Controller General of Accounts (CGA), Controller of Accounts under Delhi government, Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) and Delhi Development Authority (DDA).
In his six-page letter, Shunglu had said that autonomy of Chief Technical Examination wing under the CVC needs to be increased and recommended outsourcing of professional hands to assist in its probe.
The Commonwealth Games were held from December 3-14, 2010 in the national capital.
0

IS urged to release US aid worker Peter KassigThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Jobs galore in e-commerce space;1.5 lakh jobs likely in 2-3 yrsJobs galore in e-commerce space;1.5 lakh jobs likely in 2-3 yrs
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 05, 2014 10:45 AM IST
It's raining jobs in the e-commerce space as this segment could grow at 20-25 per cent over the next 2-3 years in terms of jobs, salaries and growth, which in turn could create at least 1,50,000 jobs.
The current estimated size of the industry is about Rs 18,000 crore and is expected to reach Rs 50,000 crore by 2016 and as the industry grows, the demand for talent would grow proportionally.
"We are extremely bullish on the ecommerce sector in India. There are nearly 200 start-ups flush with PE/VC funds within this area and several hundred that are treading the same lines. We believe over the next 2-3 yrs, this sector will create at least 1,50,000 jobs," Antal International Network India Managing Director Joseph Devasia said.
Commenting on this trend, Mani Sankar Das Gupta, Chief, Placement Unit, BITS Pilani said "the industry is very bullish, the main players- Amazon, eBay, Flipkart, Myntra etc. are regular recruiters from BITS and are now generating huge revenues, and have increased the number of hiring this year."
Since the sector is fairly new, there is a severe dearth of talent at all levels and in order to attract and retain key talent some of the leading ecommerce players today are even shelling out "crore+" salaries.
On this, BITS Pilani's Gupta said "In India, most ecommerce players increased the salaries by 10-40 per cent between 2013 to 2014 and are now paying salaries ranging from Rs 10-23 lacs and are hiring large entry level employees.
At mid & senior level also salaries are swelling by 10-15 per cent every year, besides the priceless stock options that are offered, that makes employees millionaires," Gupta added.
Jayesh Pandey, Managing Director, Talent & Organisation at Accenture India believes, "salaries in this sector are likely to see a higher degree of ESOPs and performance based rewards as compared to other industries".
Rajiv Srivatsa COO & Co-founder Urban Ladder said: " We are at par with most other e-commerce companies in terms of salary. Along with the salary component, employee stock options attract a lot of talent since the industry is on a massive growth path".
Indian Staffing Federation executive director Suchita Dutta said "E-commerce hiring is extremely bullish with the sector alone ready to hire over 15,000 in the next 5 months. The upscale is largely driven by robust positive sentiment both amongst consumers as well as the industry."
The indicative salary outlook for junior employees is Rs 1.45 lakh-Rs 3 lakh per annum, while for mid-management it is between Rs 12 lakh-Rs 30 lakh per annum, Dutta added.

FII inflows in equities hit 7-mth low of Rs 5 100 cr in Septequities
(Foreign investors were…)
NEW DELHI: Overseas investors have pumped in a little over Rs 5,100 crore in Indian equity markets in September, making it the lowest net investment in seven months.
Foreign investors were gross buyers of equities worth Rs 93,493 crore last month, while they sold shares amounting to Rs 88,391 crore - translating into a net investment of Rs 5,102 crore (USD 845 million) for the period, as per the latest data.
This was the lowest net investment by foreign investors in equity markets since February when they had infused Rs 1,404 crore.
Market analysts said the government's decision to defer gas price hike coupled with the Supreme Court's verdict on cancellation of coal blocks provided foreign investors some reason to offload shares.
Foreign investors are still upbeat on the Indian equity market , they added.
However, overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) continued to bet on the debt market and poured in close to Rs 16,000 crore (USD 2.6 billion) in this segment.
Since the beginning of this year, foreign investors have infused a net amount of Rs 83,438 crore (USD 14 billion) into the share market , while they invested a net of Rs 1.18 lakh crore into the debt market (USD 19.6 billion).
Strong inflows in the previous months have taken the cumulative net investments of foreign investors into Indian capital markets (equity and debt) to USD 204 billion, or Rs 9.88 lakh crore, in nearly 22 year period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mangalore lights up in bright Dasara coloursUpdated: October 5, 2014 11:55 IST
Mangalore lights up in bright Dasara colours
Mohit M. Rao
Tweet
The idol of goddess Sharada being taken in a procession as part of Shobhayatra at Kudroli Sri Gokarnatheshwara temple in Mangalore. Photo: H.S. Manjunath
With thousands of people congregating on the main roads and by lanes of Mangalore, the city turned into a giant open-air celebration of the culmination of Navaratri on Saturday.
The largest of the processions — with an estimated 70 tableaux from across Dakshina Kannada, Udupi and Kasargod districts — was the one starting from Shree Gokarnanatha Temple, Kudroli.
The procession covered the heart of the city, from Mannagudde to Lalbagh to K.S. Rao road, Ganapathi High School Road then to Lower Car Street and Alake and culminated at the Kudroli temple.
Though starting on Saturday evening, the procession — that culminates at the lake at the temple — ends only in the wee hours of Sunday. Over 30,000 people are expected to have witnessed the procession.
Though the cynosure of all eyes was the idols of Goddesses Sharada and Navadurge, the celebrations continued into the night with cultural, mythological and modern tableaux making their way to roaring applause across the city. The procession even featured, for the first time, 3 tableaux by Kerala Folk Akademi.
Meanwhile, a sizeable crowd thronged at South Mangalore where the Mangaladevi chariot made its way to Marnamikatta and back.
Both the processions featured exuberant and rather flamboyant performances.
The police were kept on their toes, with a posse of men in khaki posted to control the burgeoning crowds, while traffic policemen had a difficult time keeping traffic moving.

BlackBerry  back with a bang!print
Techilicious columnist Rajiv Makhni
Does Blackberry still exist? That’s the most fantastic phone I’ve ever seen. Is that a shrunken laptop? Has BlackBerry lost its mind? I totally love it. Is that a phone or a weapon? How do you fit that into your pocket? That’s amazing – where can I get one now? That’s the best display I’ve ever seen on a phone.  
Those and about a hundred other such reactions are what my life has been about for the last week. This is because I have spent the last seven days with the all-new BlackBerry Passport – the riskiest, most cutting edge, most radical mobile phone ever made.
Back to square one
The BlackBerry Passport is a big square device with a big square screen and has been launched to get BlackBerry back to square one and regain lost glory. It’s the most back-to-business phone ever made and it shouts that out from the rooftop.
This is a phone that will make you productive, extremely efficient and discover that you don’t need a laptop to do most things. You can do more things with a BB Passport than all other phones put together. The problem is – to make your life that efficient, you have to get used to a very quirky design and a serious size change in your life. 
The hardware rocket
The BB Passport is a very unique device. The closest you can get to understanding the form factor is to put an Indian Passport in your hand and think it’s a phone. It’s exactly the same size and hence, the name. And while it’s heavy at 196 grams, it’s also built like a tank with solid CNC forged metal processing and heavy duty stainless steel construction on the sides.
It’s also one of the best specced phones in the world. A Gorilla Glass 3 4.5 inch x 4.5 inch square screen with a fantastic 1440 x 1440 resolution, 3GB of RAM that mates with a 2.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor, 32GB of flash memory with a micro SD slot and 3GB of RAM, Wi-Fi including 5Ghz a/n + ac and Wi-Fi Direct, Bluetooth 4.0, NFC, Miracast, DLNA, GPS, USB on-the-go, micro-HDMI out, active sound leak compensation, plus a natural sound system and one of the loudest and clearest speakers I’ve ever used on a phone. In terms of hardware, this is the Rolls Royce of phones. 
Things BlackBerry isn’t known for
The Passport kicks off with one thing no BlackBerry phone has ever tried to achieve – a good camera experience. This is a phone on optical steroids. It has a 13.0 megapixel sensor, real optical image stabilization and a very efficient LED flash. You can shoot time shift stills and native panorama shots and video at 1080p@60fps. Plus, there is onboard real time video editing, including slow motion. Once you get over the optical magic, you realise that the battery life is astounding.
With a 3450mAh battery, I’ve been going two days without charging even with supremely heavy usage of 3G and Wi-Fi. And then comes the biggest revelation of them all: the keyboard.
BlackBerry has always been known for their mastery over the physical keyboard – but on this phone, they’ve gone 10 steps ahead. Besides giving you the joy of rediscovering how real keys clickety clack – this one is also a touch-enabled track pad just like the ones you use on a laptop.
Glide your finger across the keys or up and down and you can scroll through screens, select text, delete whole words and a dozen other things. It’s by far the most pleasing experience I’ve had using  a phone in a long time.
Add to this a new Siri-like assistant, the fact that you can use Android apps on the phone and that BB OS 10.3 is rock solid – and you come to the conclusion that this is a powerhouse of a device. 
Will you be square?
The eventual question is – who is this phone right for? And should you buy it? BlackBerry aims squarely at the power professional and isn’t apologetic about it.
There is a learning curve to typing on it (even for BB veterans), there is a bit of struggle fitting this into any pocket and it does take time to adjust to one-hand operations with something this big and wide. But eventually – when you do, the pay-off is immense.
This is a phone built for a very specific user and thus, those people will totally love it and swear by it. It’s good to see a company like BlackBerry that has been pushed to the edge take risks like this while others play it safe. I hear that the Passport is sold out in all the places it’s been launched.
That’s great news for BB. The Passport may not be the reason why BB starts to fly upwards again but it may well be the reason for it to enter territories closed to it before. 
Rajiv Makhni is managing editor, Technology, NDTV, and the anchor of Gadget Guru, Cell Guru and Newsnet 3
 
From HT Brunch, October 5
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch
Connect with us on facebook.com/hindustantimesbrunch
 

DGS rejects request for safeguard duty on filament yarnThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Real time account update for EPFO s subscribers from Oct 16Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hi amol  finance is certainly a good sector to look at. financia...490 Followers
Hi Amol,
Finance is certainly a good sector to look at. Financial inclusion agenda of the government will help boost it. Financial awareness is rising in India so structured credits and insurance will rise exponentially. Bank penetration will rise significantly. Make in India motto will need huge capital building. Infra and Power revival help reduce NPAs. Boom in Auto, durables, etc will need finance.
I like Yes Bank and DCB (though I have sold my stake some time back, looking at buying it back).
My favourite in Finance mid cap is bajaj finance but it has already appreciated so one can enter for moderate returns.
I have invested in small caps like AK Capital, Capital First and Sumedha. Investment rationale in different in different stocks. Hoping to get 5 bagger returns in Sumedha. 50% y o y returns on AK and First. 20-30% y o y in Bajaj. Please do your own study before entering also look for lower price points.
Disc: I am invested in all these stocks

Dear nick  in full agreement with you. if we have surplus funds  this ...511 Followers
Read this article.
Eicher Motors up 9%, Macquarie sees 4-fold rise in earnings Macquarie maintains outperform rating on the stock and raised target price to Rs 13,650 from Rs 9,250 earlier as Eicher is on a growth trajectory with fast growing leisure bikes and commercial vehicle (CV) portfolio on the cusp of a cyclical recovery.
The brokerage raised Royal Enfield (RE) sales volumes estimate for CY15E to 4,35,000 from 4,25,000 and for CY16E to 5,50,000 from 5,25,000. RE sales volumes have tripled over the last three years and even now the company is adding more bookings every month than production. It expects a 45 percent CAGR in bike sales over the next three years driven by a long waitlist across models, production ramp-up post capacity expansion, dealer expansion in India (over 30 percent in CY14E) and export markets and new models launches. As per management, the new model Continental GT has been well received by the market and demand is strong. It sold 26,643 units of RE in August, up 66 percent compared to 16,062 units in same month last year while it reported a 81 percent growth in year-to-date sales (1,92,356 units). In case of its commercial vehicle (CV) business, Macquarie expects the CV industry to enter a growth phase in 2HCY14E led by a pick-up in replacement demand. "We expect Volvo-Eicher CV sales to register a 14 percent CAGR (CY13-16E) led by network expansion and increased product offerings," says the brokerage. Volvo-Eicher CV has launched the Pro range of trucks (GVW of 5T-49T) and Skyline Pro range of buses. The brokerage believes VECV is well placed to benefit from a CV demand revival. As far as its engine business is concerned, the company shipped 2,534 engine long-blocks to Volvo for deployment in Volvo%u2019s products in Europe in 2013 and increased production to 5,830 in 1HCY14. The company has capacity for 25,000 engines.
Even its JV with Polaris (to manufacture passenger vehicles) is also on track for start of production in 2015, says the brokerage. Cash generation from the RE business has supported overall cash in its balance sheet despite substantial investment (around Rs 1,800 crore since commencement) in setting up new capacity. At the end of June-14, the company had net cash of Rs 1,330 crore with cash and current investments forming 23 percent of overall assets. Macquarie feels Volvo-Eicher CV has a healthy balance sheet to support growth initiatives and investment in new products. The brokerage raised its CY14E earnings by 4 percent, CY15E by 10 percent and CY17E by 14 percent.

Hi zorro   q2 is tough always for airlines due to lean season  but thi...Platinum Member
90 Followers
Hi Zorro , q2 is tough always for Airlines due to lean season, but this time they  have carried more no of passengers much higher than a good quarter nos...ufcoarse yield will be comparatively less .But I see some magic of profit for the first time at lease for spicejet ....
11.57 AM Oct 5th

Even since supreme court came out with the order to de-allocate all th...Platinum Member
285 Followers
Even since Supreme Court came out with the order to de-allocate all the coal mines, this bank`s share price is in downtrend. To best of my knowledge company is not directly involved with the companies at the receiving end. However I am not sure about this and hence it would be nice if management comes out and give clarification of their involvement if any. There may be some other reasons for the downtrend as well but one thing is certain the share seems to be in the bear grip.
Today on front page of epaper- Business Standard is a article saying bank credit growth before Diwali is slowest in past several years. This may be the reason why Karnataka Bank Share price is going down :)
11.56 AM Oct 5th

Microsoft launches Lumia 730  830 and 930 just in time for festivalsAjey Mehta, MD of Nokia India Sales Pvt Ltd, poses with the Lumia 730, 830 and 930.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: October 1, 2014 3:24 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 1:11 pm
Microsoft Devices is preparing for the festival season with three new Lumia devices aimed at the affordable and high-end segment. The Lumia 730 priced Rs 15,299, the Lumia 830 priced Rs 28,799 will try and woo those looking for a phone in the affordable range, while the Lumia 930 flagship will have a high-end Rs 38,649 price tag.
Ajey Mehta, Managing Director, Nokia India Sales Pvt. Ltd., a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobiles Oy, said the two affordable devices will pack features that are seem mostly in high-end phones. He said Microsoft services like Skype, OneNote and Cortana available across most of the mid and high-end Lumia phones will be a clear USP for these devices.
In fact, with the three new devices as well as the Lumia 1520, Microsoft is now offering 1TB of cloud storage free for the first six months. After that users will have to pay Rs 125 per month for using this feature.
The Lumia 930, launched globally in April, stands apart for its 20MP PureView camera with ZEISS optics and advanced Rich Recording. It has a 2.2GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor with 2GB RAM and 32 GB internal storage. The thin phone also have a stylish design that sets it apart from the rest of the Lumia range.
The Lumia 830 on the other hand tries to bring top-end features to a more affordable price point. It has a 10 MP camera wth Carl Zeiss optic. It is powered by a 1.2GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor with 1GB RAM and 16GB internal storage.
The Lumia 730 dual SIM model is much more affordable but brings a good camera and Microsoft services to this range. It is the most affordable device with wireless charging, though this feature is not being
The Lumia 830 and 730 were announced at the IFA in Berlin in September.
Microsoft has also announced the availability of HD-10, a Microsoft Screen-Sharing device that lets people beam any content from their smartphone to an HDMI-enabled screen. The HD-10 will be priced Rs 5,999.
 

RBI s foreign exchange reserves fall by $1.42 bnRBI's foreign exchange reserves fall by $1.42 bn
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 04, 2014 12:19 AM IST
Foreign exchange reserves fell by $1.42 billion for the week ended September 26 to $314.18 billion, show Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data released on Friday.
The reserves are near a level last seen in June 2014. The reserves stood at $313.54 billion in the week ended June 13, 2014. Foreign currency assets, a key component of reserves, fell by $1.39 billion to $287.39 billion.
According to currency dealers, the fall in reserves are not necessarily due to RBI intervention in the forex market. It is due to revaluation of the currencies.
Gold reserves remained unchanged during the week at $20.93 billion.
For the week under review, the special drawing rights fell by $17.4 million to $4.31 billion, while India's reserve position with the International Monetary Fund was down $6.2 million to $1.55 billion.

First ever healthy baby born from a transplanted wombBy Rachel Feltman October 3 Follow @rachelfeltman
Well, we certainly live in the future: The Associated Press is reporting that one of the women who received a transplanted womb last year has since given birth. Her baby boy, while premature, is reportedly healthy.
The mother is 36, and was born without a uterus. Her donated organ came from a close family friend -- a 61-year-old woman who'd already had two children of her own and gone through menopause. From the AP:
The recipient has had to take three medicines to prevent her body from rejecting the new organ. About six weeks after the transplant, she got her menstrual period - a sign the womb was healthy.
After one year, when doctors were confident the womb was working well, they transferred a single embryo created in a lab dish using the woman's eggs and her partner's sperm.
The mother's doctor, Mats Brannstrom of the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, reported in January that he'd performed nine uterine transplants. Surrogacy isn't legal in Sweden, so for these nine women -- who had either been born without a uterus or had lost them to cervical cancer -- a risky, uncharted transplant was the only way to have their own biological children.
All previous attempts at transplantation had failed, and this child represents the first-ever birth from such a procedure. The baby, Brannstrom told the AP, is "fantastic." Brannstorm tells the AP that two of his other patients are pregnant as well, and at least 25 weeks along.
More details on the case will be published soon in Lancet.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

ISIS Claims To Have Killed British Hostagereddit
A video released by the Islamic State group on Friday appears to show the beheading of British aid worker Alan Henning, the Associated Press reports . In the clip, the militants threaten to kill another hostage they identify as American Peter Kassig.
Alan Henning, a 47-year-old taxi driver from Eccles, was kidnapped in December after crossing into Syria with an aid convoy. Henning's wife, Barbara, had pleaded with the militants not to kill her husband. "He went to Syria to help his Muslim friends deliver much needed aid," she said in a statement released on Sept. 23.
Catrin Nye, a BBC reporter who had filmed with Henning, described the Brit as " kind and funny. "
A video released on Friday appears to show the killing of Alan Henning by militants of the Islamic State.
Friday's video identifies the other hostage as Peter Kassig, a U.S. citizen. It was not immediately clear when the man was kidnapped. Two U.S. officials confirmed to the Associated Press that Kassig is being held by Islamic State militants.
CNN described CNN described Kassig in 2012 as a former U.S. soldier turned aid worker, who helped wounded Syrians at a hospital in Lebanon. According to a 2013 Time magazine report, Kassig later started his own aid group in Syria and Lebanon, called Special Emergency Response and Assistance. At the time, SERA focused on providing refugees with medical and other supplies.
In a statement issued later Friday, British Prime Minister David Cameron said of Henning's killing , "The fact that he was taken hostage when trying to help others and now murdered demonstrates that there are no limits to the depravity of these ... terrorists."
U.S. President Barack Obama condemned the "brutal murder," saying "Standing together with our UK friends and allies, we will work to bring the perpetrators of Alan's murder -- as well as the murders of Jim Foley, Steven Sotloff and David Haines -- to justice," and, "we will continue taking decisive action to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL."
In a video released on Friday, Islamic State militants threaten the life of a hostage they identified as Peter Kassig.
More from the Associated Press:
CAIRO (AP) — An Internet video released Friday purports to show an Islamic State group fighter beheading British hostage Alan Henning, the fourth such killing carried out by the extremist group now targeted in U.S.-led airstrikes.
The video mirrored other beheading videos shot by the Islamic State group, which now holds territory along the border of Syria and Iraq, and ended with a militant threatening a man they identified as an American named Peter Kassig.
"Obama, you have started your aerial bombardment of Shams (Syria), which keeps on striking our people, so it is only right that we continue to strike the neck of your people," the masked militant in the video said.
Two U.S. officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity out of concerns of not having permission to release the information, confirmed that Kassig was being held by Islamic State militants. The officials declined to elaborate.
The Associated Press could not immediately verify the video's authenticity, though it was released in the same manner as other Islamic State group videos and the masked militant sounded similar to the one who carried out the other slayings.
In a statement, the British Foreign Office said it was working to verify the video.
"If true, this is a further disgusting murder," the statement read. "We are offering the family every support possible; they ask to be left alone at this time."
Britain has been supporting U.S. military efforts against the Islamic State group by using British forces to help with logistics and intelligence gathering, as well as recently taking part in airstrikes in Iraq. The Internet video released Friday begins with a news clip announcing British strikes against the Islamic State group.
British Prime Minister David Cameron said Henning's apparent slaying showed "how barbaric and repulsive these terrorists are."
"Alan had gone to Syria to help get aid to people of all faiths in their hour of need," Cameron said in a statement. "The fact that he was taken hostage when trying to help others and now murdered demonstrates that there are no limits to the depravity of these ... terrorists.
"We will do all we can to hunt down these murderers and bring them to justice."
President Barack Obama's counterterrorism adviser, Lisa Monaco, said the U.S. had seen the video and was evaluating it.
Later, Obama said the United States strongly condemned Henning's "brutal murder." He said the U.S., along with Britain and other allies, will "work to bring the perpetrators of Alan's murder" to justice and will continue to "taking decisive action to degrade and ultimately destroy" the Islamic State group.
French President Francois Hollande said he is "outraged by the heinous crime."
"This crime like previous ones will not be unpunished. France will continue to lend support to the people and authorities of Iraq in their fight against terrorism," Hollande said in a statement.
This is the fourth such video released by the Islamic State group. The full beheadings are not shown in the videos, but the British-accented, English-speaking militant holds a long knife and appears to begin cutting his victims, who include American reporter James Foley, American-Israeli journalist Steven Sotloff, British aid worker David Haines and now Henning.
FBI Director James Comey has said American officials believe they know the identity of the masked militant, though he's declined to name the man or reveal his nationality.
Kassig, a 26 year-old American now threatened by the Islamic State group, enlisted in the Army in 2004, and became a Ranger, ultimately serving in the 75th Ranger Regiment, an Army special operations unit.
According to his military record, Kassig trained at Fort Benning, Georgia in 2006, and deployed to Iraq from April to July 2007. He was medically discharged at the rank of private first class in September 2007. His home of record at the time of his enlistment was Indianapolis, Indiana.
His parents, Ed and Paula Kassig, issued a statement through a media relations firm, asking for the world to pray for their son.
"The Kassig family extends our concern for the family of Alan Henning. We have read about his work and his generous character with great respect and admiration," the statement said. "We ask everyone around the world to pray for the Henning family, for our son, and for the release of all innocent people being held hostage in the Middle East and around the globe."
The family said Kassig had been working for the relief organization SERA when he was captured on Oct. 1, 2013 on his way to Deir Ezzour in eastern Syria. He converted to Islam while in captivity and the family has heard from former hostages that his faith has provided him comfort.
Henning, 47, nicknamed "Gadget," had joined an aid convoy and was taken captive on Dec. 26, shortly after crossing the border between Turkey and Syria. Earlier this week, Henning's wife Barbara Henning asked the militants in a televised plea: "Please release him. We need him back home."
Dozens of Muslim leaders in Britain have urged the Islamic State group to release Henning. His wife had said she had been given hope by "the outcry across the world" over her husband's imprisonment.
Mohammed Shafiq, chief executive of the Ramadhan Foundation, a Muslim charity, called Henning "a British hero."
His "barbaric killing is an attack against all decent people around the world," Shafiq said.
The Islamic State group has its roots in al-Qaida's Iraqi affiliate but was expelled from the global terror network over its brutal tactics and refusal to obey orders to confine its activities to Iraq. It became even more extreme amid the bloody 3-year civil war in neighboring Syria, growing stronger to the point of being able to launch a lightning offensive across much of northern Iraq, routing security forces there and shooting down an Iraqi helicopter on Friday. The group has become known for filming and releasing footage of mass shootings it conducts, as well as beheading opponents and targeting religious and ethnic minorities in the areas it attacks.
The extremist group has been widely denounced by mainstream Muslim authorities.
Other foreigners are believed held by the Islamic State group. On Friday, the father of John Cantlie, a British photojournalist held by the group, appealed for his release in a video, saying he was a friend of Syria.
___
Lawless reported from London. Associated Press writers Lolita C. Baldor, Bradley Klapper, Josh Lederman and Matthew Lee in Washington contributed to this report.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Goats sacrifice & animal rights are contrasted subjectsYou are here: Home > Collections > Bhopal
Goats sacrificed on Bakr Id and animal rights issues are contrasted subjects and musn’t be confused
Vikram Doctor, ET Bureau Oct 4, 2014, 06.34AM IST
Tags:
Animal rights issues
( One asked the courts to alow temporary…)
MUMBAI: Bakr Id for many is a neat way to an extra long break in combination with Gandhi Jayanti and Dussehra. If they think of reasons for the festival, it is just some vague recollection of the large goats to be seen in days before, or perhaps memories of particularly good biryani.
But the festival has also become an unpleasant source of friction. This year saw competing court cases in Mumbai . One asked the courts to allow temporary locations for slaughter of large animals, since the abattoirs where it must take place now are chaotic and unpleasant. The other sought to prevent this on the grounds that this was unhygienic and would cause problems to people who ate the meat. Preceding both was the attempt by the Indian wing of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA India) to persuade Muslims in Bhopal to go vegan and not kill goats on Bakr Id, for which the activists were attacked.
It was an unfortunate example of how an event that could be a useful learning experience in practical animal welfare is being wasted due to a refusal to look at the larger picture.Animal welfare is an important issue, still rather casually treated in India. And this is why it is truly depressing that PETA India, which is admirably passionate about the issue, prefers infantile actions rather than intelligent interventions that might truly help animals.
The problem with its action in Bhopal wasn't just that it was implicitly criticising an important Islamic rite. What is equally silly is that the goats bred for sacrifice (qurbani) on Bakr Id are a poor example to prove animal abuse. Qurbani goats are specially raised for Bakr Id—far from usual conditions of animals bred for slaughter.
Some of the goats sell for lakhs of rupees and are raised on special diets that include almonds. They are guarded and cared for as very valuable assets. Even the less prestigious animals, like the big goats that are seen tied to posts outside houses and shops, are fed leaves foraged for them and cared for by the children of the household like family pets. And then they are killed. Nothing, it is true, can alter that fact (though occasionally an owner becomes fond of a goat and it lives on fat and happy after the festival).
One could argue that the ultra sharp knife and quick slash of the throat is a relatively better way to do it. But it is still very visible kill ing - the blood in the drains, piled pelts and skinned bodies at Bakri Id is not for the faint-hearted or, PETA India would argue, any animal lover. Yet such unconcealed slaughter actually parallels the messages of animal rights activists.
One of their most effective tactics is to make people confront the reality which neatly packaged frozen meats in shops conceal. It is easy to ignore where meat comes from when there is none of the blood and smell of slaughter - and activists have routinely tried to shatter this complacency with images of the reality. Bakri Id makes it very clear where meat comes from, and combined with how the goats are treated before, could be an effective way to teach people to respect the sources of their meat.
Some, quite likely, might want to turn vegetarian, but others might settle for the animals they eat being as well treated as qurbani goats. (It helps that this meat is particularly good). They might not be ready to give up meat, but willing to eat less, especially if that meat is ethically raised, killed and, as a result, better in quality - and costlier, which reinforces lower consumption.
Such an option might improve the lives of many animals (and not just goats - chicken raised in open yards, not battery cages would also find many takers). But it would require animal rights activists to accept that people, in some circumstances, can eat meat - and this would be anathema for the hardliners.Yet it is a practical decision that some have made abroad.
Ingrid Newkirk, the founder of PETA, has reluctantly endorsed a plan by Dr Temple Grandin, an animal behaviour specialist, to create humane slaughterhouses that reduce the trauma that animals undergo in such places. Animal rights activists might also want to consider how actions like PETA India's in Bhopal could result in their efforts being co-opted by those who care less about animals and more about harassing minorities.
One reason Bhopal was a particularly bad place to try this could be because its Muslims are already on an edge because they feel the state might use animal rights against them. Hindu fundamentalist groups are pushing hard for a national ban on cow slaughter and a BJP minister recently linked animal slaughter with support for terrorists. It is tempting for animal rights activists to go along with this and gain government backing.
Yet this would be a mistake. It would politicise animal rights in polarising ways but, even more, it would not be affective. As is already seen with cows, bans neither discourage consumption nor help the animals.
They make things worse since the animals get slaughtered in unregulated conditions, where animal welfare is the last thing on anyone's minds, or transported long distance, in painfully crowded and covered trucks to place slaughter can take place. Conditions, in fact, about as far from the lives of qurbani goats as you can get.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Flavoured camel milk to hit retail stores soon; expert group to set guidelinesFlavoured camel milk to hit retail stores soon; expert group working on setting guidelines
ET Bureau Oct 4, 2014, 06.35AM IST
Tags:
( It is(camel milk) rich…)
?By Sidhartha Singh
NEW DELHI: Flavoured camel milk , popular in Gulf countries as a health drink, may soon hit the shelves of grocery stores in India. An expert group set up by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) is working on setting standards for selling camel milk as a food product for human consumption, the chairman of the authority told ET.
The move will not only pave the way for marketing of a product seen as beneficial in curing lifestyle diseases, but also help revive the declining fortunes of India's poor camel breeders who often sell their cow camels for slaughter.
The department of animal husbandry, dairying & fisheries has asked FSSAI to set standards for camel milk, K Chandramouli said. "We have passed it on to the expert group on milk and milk products, and they will make their recommendation."
While the Supreme Court in 2000 ruled that camel milk is fit for human consumption, the Milk and Milk Products Order still recognises milk from only cows, buffaloes, sheep, goats and mixture thereof. This thwarts efforts to market an estimated 1.5 lakh litres of camel milk that Rajasthan and Gujarat can collectively produce every day.
The country's largest dairy cooperative, Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation, has readied a plan to launch camel milk products and is awaiting the food regulator's rules. Camel milk, which desert nomads have been drinking for generations, is privately sold in Udaipur and Bhilwara districts of Rajasthan at very low rates. It is also popular among foreign tourists visiting the desert towns of the state.
According to studies, camel milk has three times more vitamin C and 10 times more iron than cow milk. It is rich in unsaturated fatty acids and vitamin B and is said to be almost as nutritious as human breast milk. Outside India, the milk is being marketed as a health food in the Gulf and several African countries. Last year, the EU gave approval for its import from the Emirates.
RS Sodhi, managing director of Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation, which markets its products under the Amul brand, said it can start processing 5,000 litres of camel milk at its Kutch project within six months of the standards being notified.
"Camel milk will be sold as a health food. It will cost at least 20% more than cow's milk," Sodhi said, adding that the product will be first launched in Ahmedabad and then in the rest of the state.
"We will initially source milk from camel breeders in Kutch and Bhuj, and from Rajasthan at a later stage. The project will give camel breeders better remuneration for the milk." The federation's camel milk project has received about Rs 1 crore as aid from the Gujarat government. "If the food standards and safety agency agrees on standards for camel milk, that is an important prerequisite, but just the very first step to gradually build a market for camel dairy products," said Ilse Kohler-Rollefson, projects coordinator at the League for Pastoral Peoples and Endogenous Livestock Development.
"In theory, Rajasthan could produce about 1 lakh litres of camel milk per day. If we count in the Gujarat camels, it would be about 1.5 lakh litres." Kohler-Rollefson, who is heading a project to revive the fortunes of Rajasthan's camel breeders, said the Lokhit Pashu Palak Sansthan (LPPS), the Indian partner of the League for Pastoral Peoples, developed and tried to market a range of camel milk products — fresh milk, pasteurised milk, ice cream and curd — in Jaisalmer district, but could not bring it up to scale as it requires significant investment in technology, infrastructure and organisational development, which the project lacked.
"Camel milk is shown to reduce blood sugar levels in diabetes patients," Kohler-Rollefson said. India has an estimated 65 million diabetic patients, primarily because people tend to consume more sugarrich foods and drinks. Kohler-Rollefson said government help and investments are essential if sale of camels for meat and trade across borders is to be prohibited in accordance with the Rajasthan Camel Bill, 2014.
"The bottom line is that the camel cannot be saved unless camel breeders have a decent income. Camel dairying is the only option. However, in order to get this going, investments by private entrepreneurs or donors is needed," Kohler-Rollefson said. LPPS has some regular customers in far-off cities, Kohler-Rollefson said.
"We do have facilities for icecream making on our campus in Sadri and can make it on demand for visitors, but we are not able to get it to more distance consumers." Meanwhile, LPPS is making camel milk soaps, which are very popular at fairs, such as at Pushkar and the Nature Bazaar in Delhi.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Samsung uses butt-shaped robots to bend-test phonesOne of the craziest things I saw in that facility was a robot shaped like a butt that was designed to "sit" on Samsung phones over and over again to test durability and bending.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Steve Kovach
I visited Samsung's headquarters in South Korea earlier this year. I saw a lot of cool stuff, including one of the labs where the company performs rigourous testing on its smartphones.
One of the craziest things I saw in that facility was a robot shaped like a butt that was designed to "sit" on Samsung phones over and over again to test durability and bending. It's supposed to simulate someone sitting on his phone.
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to get a photo or video of the butt robot.
But Samsung has delivered. In what can only be a response to the iPhone 6 Plus " bendgate " hooplah, Samsung posted a video to its corporate blog showing how its 'butt robots' test the durability of the company's upcoming Galaxy Note 4 smartphone.

China and Eurozone will drive stock markets(The ground-level realities…)
By Dipen Shah
MUMBAI: The Indian markets remained volatile during the month of September on negative global cues related to softer growth in China and continued weakness in Eurozone.
On the domestic side, de-allocation of all the disputed coal blocks, lower than expected IIP numbers and deferment of gas price revision weighed on the markets. However, markets were relieved as the US Fed did not provide any cues of early rise in interest rates. The outlook upgrade from S&P somewhat aided the sentiment.
On economic front, IIP in the month of July reported dismal growth of 0.5% vs. 3.94% in June while August CPI showed some moderation to 7.8% from 8%. We believe that the economy has bottomed out and expect recovery in economic activity from current levels.
We note that, the ground-level realities have not yet improved greatly and that, the pace of economic recovery may be slow in the short term. Recent fall in global commodity prices, provide an opportunity to contain inflationary expectations. Fall in the crude prices is a silver lining for Indian markets in terms of reducing oil subsidies and import bill.
In the near term, geo-political tensions, economic growth in China/Eurozone will take most of the attention of the market. Quarterly results will start pouring in a couple of weeks and will impact individual stocks.
Valuations are at around the long-term average of 15x one-year forward consensus earnings (FY16). We believe that, affirmative action on reforms by the Government will be needed for providing confidence to the markets. This will, in turn, lead to a further re-rating of the markets in the medium-to-long term.
We expect further reforms by the Government and remain positive on the domestic infrastructure and cyclical sectors over the medium-to-long term. However, after the steep run-up in several of these stocks, we recommend sticking to quality and advise selectively investing in stocks having strong balance sheets and ethical managements.
On the other hand, we are positive on select export oriented stocks based on improving demand scenario in developed economies like USA. We expect rupee to remain in a range. Key risks to our recommendation are geo-political concerns globally, decline in foreign inflows, sharp currency movements and spike in oil prices.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government signs pact for offshore wind power projectYou are here: Home > Collections
Government signs pact for offshore wind power project
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 01.37PM IST
Tags:
Environment Impact Assessment
(The first planned demonstration…)
NEW DELHI: The government today announced signing of an initial pact for setting up a joint venture firm for executing an offshore wind power project in Gujarat.
"An MOU (Memorandum of Understanding) for setting up a Joint Venture Company towards undertaking the offshore wind power project in the country along the Gujarat coast has been signed," an official statement said.
The MoU was signed by Ministry of New and Renewable Energy ( MNRE ), National Institute of Wind Energy (NIWE), and consortium of partners consisting NTPC, Power Grid Corporation, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency ( IREDA ), Power Finance Corporation, Power Trading Corporation and Gujarat Power Corporation.
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal described it as a great opportunity in the development of renewable energy resources in the country. The Minister also suggested building partnership with Defence, Coast Guard and Shipping to ensure seamless and time bound approval process, the statement said.
The JV company will undertake detailed feasibility study based on the inputs received from pre-feasibility studies and necessary steps for implementation of the first offshore demonstration wind power project. The first planned demonstration offshore wind power project along the Gujarat coast will be of about 100 MW capacity.
It has been proposed to provide subsidy for setting up of evacuation and transmission infrastructure of the offshore wind power to the main land including financial support for carrying out studies such as wind resource assessment, Environment Impact Assessment (EIA), oceanographic survey and Bathymetric studies.
The Ministry would also assist in obtaining clearances involved during the implementation of the project. Wind power development onshore has reached a commercial stage in India and is the fastest growing renewable energy option today, the statement added.
India also has around 7,600 km of coastline which offers great potential for off-shore wind power development. The current installed wind power capacity in the country is 22,000 MW.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US says  Modis visit extraordinarily successfulBarack Obama
(“I would say that the assessment…)
NEW DELHI: The US has described the PM Narendra Modi's visit as extraordinarily successful and asserted that his meeting with President Barack Obama has re-energised the strategic relationship between the world's two largest democracies.
"I would say that the assessment on our part is that the PMs visit was extraordinarily successful. It has provided a boost in terms of the vision and focus that we have for our bilateral relations," Phil Reiner , senior director for India at the National Security Council at the White House said on Thursday. The briefing was organized less than 48 hours after Modi's departure from the US and this itself signifies outcome of the trip.
"We are excited to be moving forward with a re-energised strategic partnership. The US continues to strongly support a prosperous India that plays an important role in the global stage, and I think the PM's visit really provided the opportunity for the two leaders to discuss that vision that's necessary in order to set the framework," Reiner claimed.
"I think the two leaders had a very positive conversation not only about our own bilateral relationship but the relationship that PM Modi is interested in developing with Pakistan," Reiner informed.
Hailing the efforts made by the Modi government to improve ties with Pakistan, Reiner said, "I think that everyone saw with the invitation that was extended to Pakistan's leader to come to New Delhi for the inauguration, I think there's a great interest on the Indian side to see that relationship grow and move in the right direction. That was the gist of the conversation."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama impressed by Modi; expresses interest in yogaBarack Obama
(bama appeared to be very…)
WASHINGTON: Impressed by the "energy and vigour" shown by Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his recent visit to the US despite being on fast, President Barack Obama has expressed his interest in yoga, officials have said.
While the First Lady has been instrumental in introducing yoga inside the White House, Obama appeared to be very impressed by the energy shown by Modi when he hosted the latter over a private working dinner in the Blue Room of the White House on Monday.
"They joked about the fact that the rest were eating and the Prime Minister (Modi) was fasting. The President expressed admiration for the energy and the vigour with which the Prime Minister was able to maintain this rigorous schedule on a diet of only warm water," Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia, Nisha Desai Biswal told reporters on Thursday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Islamic State beheads British hostagePrint
CAIRO (AP) — An Internet video released Friday purports to show an Islamic State group fighter beheading British hostage Alan Henning, the fourth such killing carried out by the extremist group now targeted in U.S.-led airstrikes.
The video mirrored other beheading videos shot by the Islamic State group, which now holds territory along the border of Syria and Iraq, and ended with a militant threatening a man they identified as an American named Peter Kassig.
"Obama, you have started your aerial bombardment of Sham (Syria), which keeps on striking our people, so it is only right that we continue to strike the necks of your people," the masked militant in the video said.
National Security Council Spokesperson Caitlin Hayden confirmed that Kassig was held by Islamic State militants.
"At this point we have no reason to doubt the authenticity of the video released earlier today. We will continue to use every tool at our disposal -- military, diplomatic, law enforcement and intelligence - to try to bring Peter home to his family," Hayden said in a statement Friday night.
The Associated Press could not immediately verify the video's authenticity, though it was released in the same manner as other Islamic State group videos and the masked militant sounded similar to the one who carried out the other slayings.
In a statement, the British Foreign Office said it was working to verify the video.
"If true, this is a further disgusting murder," the statement read. "We are offering the family every support possible; they ask to be left alone at this time."
Britain has been supporting U.S. military efforts against the Islamic State group by using British forces to help with logistics and intelligence gathering, as well as recently taking part in airstrikes in Iraq. The Internet video released Friday begins with a news clip announcing British strikes against the Islamic State group.
British Prime Minister David Cameron said Henning's apparent slaying showed "how barbaric and repulsive these terrorists are."
"Alan had gone to Syria to help get aid to people of all faiths in their hour of need," Cameron said in a statement. "The fact that he was taken hostage when trying to help others and now murdered demonstrates that there are no limits to the depravity of these ... terrorists.
"We will do all we can to hunt down these murderers and bring them to justice."
President Barack Obama's counterterrorism adviser, Lisa Monaco, said the U.S. had seen the video and was evaluating it.
Later, Obama said the United States strongly condemned Henning's "brutal murder." He said the U.S., along with Britain and other allies, will "work to bring the perpetrators of Alan's murder" to justice and will continue to "taking decisive action to degrade and ultimately destroy" the Islamic State group.
French President Francois Hollande said he is "outraged by the heinous crime."
"This crime like previous ones will not be unpunished. France will continue to lend support to the people and authorities of Iraq in their fight against terrorism," Hollande said in a statement.
On Friday night, the U.N. Security Council condemned the video, saying it "once again illustrates the brutality" of the Islamic State group, adding that its members believe "such continued acts of barbarism perpetrated by (the group) do not intimidate them but rather stiffen their resolve."
This is the fourth such video released by the Islamic State group. The full beheadings are not shown in the videos, but the British-accented, English-speaking militant holds a long knife and appears to begin cutting his victims, who include American reporter James Foley, American-Israeli journalist Steven Sotloff, British aid worker David Haines and now Henning.
FBI Director James Comey has said American officials believe they know the identity of the masked militant, though he's declined to name the man or reveal his nationality.
Kassig, a 26-year-old American now threatened by the Islamic State group, enlisted in the Army in 2004, and became a Ranger, ultimately serving in the 75th Ranger Regiment, an Army special operations unit.
According to his military record, Kassig trained at Fort Benning, Georgia in 2006, and deployed to Iraq from April to July 2007. He was medically discharged at the rank of private first class in September 2007. His home of record at the time of his enlistment was Indianapolis, Indiana.
His parents, Ed and Paula Kassig, issued a statement asking for the world to pray for their son.
"The Kassig family extends our concern for the family of Alan Henning. We have read about his work and his generous character with great respect and admiration," the statement said. "We ask everyone around the world to pray for the Henning family, for our son, and for the release of all innocent people being held hostage in the Middle East and around the globe."
His family said Kassig had been working for the relief organization he found, Special Emergency Response and Assistance, or SERA, when he was captured on Oct. 1, 2013, on his way to Deir Ezzour in eastern Syria. He converted to Islam while in captivity and the family has heard from former hostages that his faith has provided him comfort.
Henning, 47, nicknamed "Gadget," had joined an aid convoy and was taken captive on Dec. 26, shortly after crossing the border between Turkey and Syria. Earlier this week, Henning's wife Barbara Henning asked the militants in a televised plea: "Please release him. We need him back home."
Dozens of Muslim leaders in Britain had urged the Islamic State group to release Henning. His wife had said she had been given hope by "the outcry across the world" over her husband's imprisonment.
Mohammed Shafiq, chief executive of the Ramadhan Foundation, a Muslim charity, called Henning "a British hero."
His "barbaric killing is an attack against all decent people around the world," Shafiq said.
The Islamic State group has its roots in al-Qaida's Iraqi affiliate but was expelled from the global terror network over its brutal tactics and refusal to obey orders to confine its activities to Iraq. It became even more extreme amid the bloody 3-year civil war in neighboring Syria, growing stronger to the point of being able to launch a lightning offensive across much of northern Iraq, routing security forces there and shooting down an Iraqi helicopter on Friday. The group has become known for filming and releasing footage of mass shootings it conducts, as well as beheading opponents and targeting religious and ethnic minorities in the areas it attacks.
The extremist group has been widely denounced by mainstream Muslim authorities.
Other foreigners are believed held by the Islamic State group. On Friday, the father of John Cantlie, a British photojournalist held by the group, appealed for his release in a video, saying he was a friend of Syria.
___
Lawless reported from London. Associated Press writers Lolita C. Baldor, Bradley Klapper, Josh Lederman and Matthew Lee in Washington contributed to this report.
___
Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jongambrellap . Follow Jill Lawless on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jilllawless .
Recommend

International conspiracy for Lanka regime change: RajapaksaInternational conspiracy for Lanka regime change: Rajapaksa
PTI
Tweet
Colombo, Oct 4:  
Facing flak from the UN over its alleged human rights abuses during the civil war against the LLTE, Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapaksa has said that a section of the international community is plotting against his regime to set up a puppet government in the country.
He was addressing a group of Sri Lankan expatriates in Rome, presidential media unit said.
Rajapakse also thanked the Sri Lankan expats for holding pro-Sri Lanka demonstrations in Geneva, the seat of United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC).
He called on Pope Francis and officially invited him for Sri Lanka visit scheduled for January next year.
Rajapaksa said those who are conspiring against his regime want to set up a puppet government in Colombo.
Sri Lankan President has been critical of the US and the West for taking the side of the pro-LTTE diaspora.
He views US moved and the UK backed action against Sri Lanka at the UNHRC as moves to appease the Tamil diaspora for electoral gains.
Rajapaksa’s government has defied calls to cooperate with the UN investigation into alleged war crimes committed by both the government troops and the LTTE during the last phase of the civil war in 2009.
(This article was published on October 4, 2014)
Related

Spiritual e-tailers chant profit mantra this...Spiritual e-tailers like OnlinePrasad chant profit mantra this festive season
Anshul Dhamija, TNN Oct 5, 2014, 08.32AM IST
(During the just concluded Dasara celebrations,…)
BANGALORE: The past 45 days, beginning from Janmashtami, have seen brisk online sales of spiritual products. Spurred by the ongoing festive season, there is hectic shopping online. And purchase of items such as idols, yantras (a mystical diagram that brings good luck) and prayer accessories are the highest ever.
Sales of prasad (a religious offering from temples) online is at a frenzied peak, with Bangalore-based niche e-tailer OnlinePrasad set to triple its revenues by the end of Diwali as compared to its mid-August figures.
Shopclues, an online marketplace of 25,000 merchants, is currently selling around 400 yantras a day — the most popular one being the Mahalakshmi yantra, which is supposed to bring wealth and happiness.
Radhika Ghai Aggarwal, co-founder and CMO of shopclues.com, claims the startup's spiritual and religion category is at present clocking a 700% sales growth over last year.
OnlinePrasad, which is networked with 50 temples across the country, has seen the average ticket spend for prasad double to Rs 2,000, led by a consumer group above the age of 35.
"Consumers are opting for combo offers (with a minimum of three prasad offerings), which is four times the ticket value of a single prasad order," says Goonjan Mall, CEO and founder of onlineprasad.com.
During the just concluded Dasara celebrations, a majority of prasad orders were from the temples of Vaishno Devi, Shirdi Sai Baba and the Mahalakshmi temples in Kolhapur and Mumbai.
The whole effect of tripling of revenues, says Mall, is also because of incremental growth in new customers who are shopping online this festive season.
NCR-based furniture and home decor e-tailer FabFurnish has actually seen a quantifiable 3% to 4% increase in new customers, purely driven by its religion and spirituality category, which went live a month ago.
"Last year we were caught unawares by the demand for products related to spirituality, which is why we took a conscious decision to establish a dedicated category this year. The results have been good, with average per person spend in the category having doubled to around Rs 1,800," says Vikram Chopra, founder and CEO, fabfurnish.com. The top selling products include idols and prayer accessories like puja thalis.
Besides buying spiritual products for one's house, Chopra sees a trend where consumers are shopping for the same products for gifting purposes.
And the spiritual trend seems to cut across the e-commerce spectrum, with lifestyle e-tailer Fashionandyou reporting a 50% spike in sales of spiritual products, which is part of its home and living category.
While the months leading up to Diwali typically see a spike in demand for spiritual products, e-tailers say there is enough scope for the category to sustain the growth momentum throughout the year.
"India is a country of festivals. There are at least two to three festivals per month," says 26-year-old Mall of OnlinePrasad, who estimates the spiritual category to be around $4 billion in size. Chopra of FabFurnish adds that the purchase of Ganesha and Buddha related spiritual products happens all through the year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1uLPw8CFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Turn your old and unwanted phone into cash
Chances are, you have your eyes on a new smartphone. The iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, Motorola Moto x, or Samsung Galaxy Note 4 has your attention. But to make way for the new phone, you need to get rid of your old
Post to Facebook
Turn your old and unwanted phone into cash Chances are, you have your eyes on a new smartphone. The iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, Motorola Moto x, or Samsung Galaxy Note 4 has your attention. But to make way for the new phone, you need to get rid of your old Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vCGR7i
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
6
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Turn your old and unwanted phone into cash
Kim Komando, Special for USA TODAY 9:22 a.m. EDT October 3, 2014
The iPhone 4s.
400 CONNECT 94 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Chances are, you have your eyes on a new smartphone. The iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, Motorola Moto X, or Samsung Galaxy Note 4 has your attention. But to make way for the new phone, you need to get rid of your old phone.
I'm going to tell you how to make the most money when selling your old phone, even if the screen is broken or doesn't work.
Your tech (old and new)
Before you do anything ...
It's best not to sell your phone until you already have the new smartphone. Preparing a phone for sale means you won't be able to use it, and you don't want to be without a smartphone.
Plus, if it turns out you don't like your new one you'll want a backup.
After you have the new phone – and you've transferred your must-have information and made sure everything is working properly – it's time to completely wipe the old hardware. You don't want your personal information falling into the wrong hands, after all.
After your gadget is good and wiped, it's time to figure out how much it's worth. A site like WorthMonkey is a great starting point.
Just put in your model and it will give you the going rate. It even includes prices for the condition your gadget is in. Here's a hint: Fewer screen cracks mean more money. That's why I always recommend putting your protective phone in a case.
Once you know the gadget's worth, it's time to decide how you're going to turn it into cold, hard cash. Let's start with the easiest option.
Turn your gadget into a free gift card
Not everyone wants to go through the rigmarole of selling a gadget themselves. It could also be that your gadget really isn't worth that much in the first place. In either case, your best bet is a trade-in.
This usually means you give the phone to a store in exchange for store credit. In a trade-in, you take what the store offers, so there's no negotiating for a better price.
Unless you find a special promotion, it's a good bet that you won't be getting the best deal, either. What you will get, though, is a hassle-free, pretty fast way to turn your phone into money you can use.
You can trade in your gadget through Walmart , Best Buy and Amazon . Be sure to check to see which one offers the best price. If no one company offers the price that you want, then you'll probably want to sell your gadget on your own.
Note: Everything I'm talking about so far assumes that the phone actually works. If your phone is broken, keep reading to the end for your options.
How to sell your phone yourself
Your first question when selling your phone should be whether or not people want that model. The iPhone 4s, for example, is still one of the most popular iPhone models.
If you find your phone just isn't selling, then your best bet will be recycling services on the next page. Amazon has what is probably the easiest way to sell any gadget with Sell on Amazon .
You can compare prices on the product page for your gadget, pick a reasonable price, and wait for offers to roll in. Once sold, you can opt to either ship your product to an Amazon warehouse with "Fulfillment by Amazon" or handle the shipping yourself.
Opting for "Fulfillment" when selling your gadget usually means that the company will take a hefty cut of the sale, but it's also the fewest possible steps to get your gadget sold. If you want to go local, you can always sell your gadget on online classified services like Craigslist.
Always be sure to meet at a public place like a coffee shop or mall when you do something like this, and always deal in cash. Auction giant eBay is also an option. Don't forget that your friends and family might be open to buying an inexpensive older gadget. Just make sure it still works well.
Recycling services
Smartphones contain many valuable minerals. So valuable, in fact, that many companies will buy up any smartphone to get them.
These companies usually buy in bulk from any major retailer, but they have online storefronts, too. Sites like Nextworth , BuyMyTronics , YouRenew and Gazelle will buy your old phone for cheap.
That makes them not such a good deal for a working phone. However, if your phone is broken or scratched to the point where no one wants it, these services will usually give you a reasonable price.
They know how much they can earn by reprocessing the phone's materials. As always, be sure to compare prices between the possible options and spend the time researching the best value.
On the Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show, Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, newsletters and more, visit www.komando.com . E-mail her at techcomments@usatoday.com .
400 CONNECT 94 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vCGR7i

Asian Games 2014: Korean delicaciesA view of the closing ceremony of the 17th Asian Games in Incheon on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Mihir Vasavda | Incheon | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:42 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 1:40 pm
Struggling to find vegetarian food and being limited to watching Korean channels were some of the hardships
Mihir Vasavda was put through while covering the Asian Games at Incheon.
Sept 17: Landed at Incheon International Airport around noon. A message flashed on the LED screens in the arrival hall: “Bhartiya mitra, Incheon maam aapka swagat hao (sic).” The girl at the foreign exchange counter greets you with namaste and shukriya. Warm welcome. Should be a fun fortnight.
Sept 18:Woke up early. Took a bus to the Games Village. Met an Indian athlete. He came in with the boxing contingent so you assume he is one of them. He speaks about the pugilists, their preparation and also gives a nice pose for the camera. Turns out he is a handball player. Embarrassing. You get in, try to spot the Indians. Easy. Has to be the building where clothes are left hanging from the windows to dry.
Sept 19: South Korea steal the march when it comes to broadband speed. The internet services have crashed after the journalists have milked the free WiFi on phone and laptops. On the notice board, there’s a prominent notice: “Sorry for the inconvenience. But the 2/4G network won’t be available on phone now on due to heavy traffic. Please use our supreme 5G services.” Unfair play.
Sept 20: Love the setting at Ongnyeon Shooting Range. Unlike many others, which are situated in the outskirts of the city, this four-storey range is bang in the middle of a residential zone, slightly uphill. Just outside the main gate, a family has set-up a makeshift restaurant. It’s a busy morning. Shooters, officials, media, volunteers and spectators all flood in for a 6,000 won ($6) buffet. Pork seems to be the best-seller. Inside, Jitu Rai is serving a master-class to his competitors. First day, first gold.
Sept 21: The flushes here have some intriguing options. It’s a touch-screen and offers these options: “Posterior wash, Feminine Wash, Enema and Dry.” You are curious. But the other three options make you cautious: “Oscillating, pulsating, rhythm.” What happened to those old-fashioned handles?
Sept 22: Apparently, being a vegetarian is a story here. Chatting up with a few Korean journalists, trying to understand why the locals have been giving cold shoulder to the Games. They ask if I’ve tried the Korean delicacies – pork and dog meat. I’m a veggie, I tell them. They turn pale. Their notepads are out and frantically write down every word I say. Don’t know if it ever appeared but they spoke to the organisers and got a couple of vegetarian dishes on the Media Dining Hall menu. Bless them!
Sept 23: Another dull day. Return ‘home’ relatively early. The television at the hotel room offers 97 continued…

Typical uber-rich philanthropist donates $25mn during lifetimeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

To capture Maharashtra  Sena  BJP woo eastern UPfamiliesPrint
Written by Lalmani Verma | Lucknow | Posted: October 5, 2014 11:21 am
Amid the heat and dust of the Maharashtra Assembly elections, a small but politically significant battle is being fought between the allies-turned-opponents BJP and Shiv Sena over families from eastern Uttar Pradesh based in that state.
Both the parties have sent their leaders from eastern UP, comprising Pratapgarh, Jaunpur, Varanasi, Azamgarh, Sultanpur, Basti, Balrampur and Faizabad districts, to different Assembly constituencies in Maharashtra, especially Mumbai and Thane, where people from the northern state have been working for long and are registered as voters.
Both the parties are also canvassing door-to-door in eastern UP districts urging families here to ask their relatives in Maharashtra to vote for them.
BJP’s UP state general secretary (organisation) Sunil Bansal, who is also a close confidant of party’s national president Amit Shah’s, is camping in Mumbai for more than two weeks. Party’s UP president Laxmikant Bajpai said that more than 100 party workers from eastern UP are being sent to Maharashtra.  “Around 50 of them will handle election management while others will meet the voters who belong to UP and appeal them to vote for BJP candidates. Some MLAs from UP will also go to Maharashtra for canvassing to ensure that BJP gives a tough fight to Shiv Sena in the constituencies falling in Mumbai, Thane and Pune,” Bajpai said.
BJP district president of Jaunpur Harishchandra Singh said he will leave for Mumbai along with over a dozen local senior party leaders on Sunday as “Jaunpur sends maximum people to Maharashtra as work force”.
Party sources said that over a dozen leaders have left for Mumbai from Varanasi, Lok Sabha constituency of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. “I have been asked to go to Kalyan and Thane areas. Varanasi mayor Ram Gopal Mohle will also canvass there because his grandparents belong to Maharashtra,” said Ashok Pandey, BJP spokesperson for Kashi region.
Shiv Sena, on the other hand, has already sent nearly 25 leaders from eastern UP to canvass in Mumbai and Thane. Anil Singh, UP Pramukh of Shiv Sena said he will leave for Mumbai on Monday and camp there till the end of polls. Singh will also join party president Uddhav Thackeray in some political meetings in areas where people from UP are voters.
Singh said senior Shiv Sena leader Gulab Dubey, who heads an organisation of North Indians in Maharashtra, is camping in his native district Jaunpur for past 12 days “to supervise canvassing among families who are voters in Maharashtra”.
“We also have to tell people that BJP and Shiv Sena are no more allies, We tell that that they should ask their relatives in Maharashtra to vote for Shiva Sena because only our party is focused on agenda of Hindutva and BJP has deviated from the issue,” Singh said.
He said his party also telling people that Shiv Sena is different from Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) “that misbehaves with north Indian”.

Modi and the Middle East: Towards a Link WestPolicyPrime Minister Narendra Modi addressing the public at the Council on Foreign Relations. (Source: AP)
Written by C Raja Mohan | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 11:17 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s irrepressible rhetoric is marked by a passion for alliteration, temptation for recasting well known abbreviations and the use of  juxtaposition to make important points.
This works well some times: for example in the PM’s current pitch for with Western investors on ‘democracy, demography and demand’. At other times it falls flat: FDI is not about foreign direct investment, but ‘first develop India’.
It could also often help frame a new policy initiative. Consider Modi’s proposition that India must not only ‘Look East’ but also ‘Link West’. It was easy to dismiss this when Modi first said it at the ‘Make in India’ conference in Delhi before he headed out to the U.S. on his first prime ministerial visit. It was impossible to ignore it when the PM said it again after his talks with President Barack Obama at the White House.
‘Look East’ is a phrase that has been associated with India’s renewed efforts at connecting to East and South East Asia after the launch of economic reforms in the early 1990s by the Congress Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao. The Look East Policy is now well-established, thanks to bipartisan support for it from all of Rao’s successors who led very different set of coalitions.
There is some talk of changing the Look East Policy to ‘Act East’ Policy. One hopes not; for the new name does not sound better than the old. To be sure there is a lot that India needs to do in the East, but there is no need a change the nomenclature. In any case, it breaks the symmetry with the idea of “Link West” that is Modi’s most recent invention.
It has been understood for a while that India needs a more focused approach to the Middle East (India is probably the only country in the world that calls it ‘West Asia’; the countries in the region certainly don’t).
During the first term of the UPA, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh talked of a “Look West” policy and cited the importance of the Middle East in India’s energy security.  During UPA’s second term of the UPA, the idea of a “Look West” policy surfaced again. Nothing much came out though.
Unlike South East Asia, where a strong mechanism for regional cooperation existed in the form of ASEAN, there was no institutional framework in the Middle East that could routinise India’s engagement with the region. The political initiative, therefore, had to come from India.
Despite the vital importance of the Middle East for India, Delhi has been unwilling to devote significant political and diplomatic energies towards the region. For example, Dr. Singh barely traveled to the Middle East during his decade long tenure as the PM. Two of the five countries he visited (Egypt and Iran) were hosting Non-Aligned summits. His bilateral visits were to Saudi Arabia, Oman and Qatar.
In South East Asia, Delhi was continued…

Saeed Ajmals bowling action has improved  says Pakistan CricketBoardSaeed Ajmal's action has improved under the guidance of Saqlain Mushtaq, said the PCB on Sunday. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: October 5, 2014 11:06 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 11:08 am
Pakistan is hoping that their star spinner Saeed Ajmal will have his bowling action corrected before the World Cup as a team of experts was working very hard to ensure that he plays for the national team in cricket’s showpiece event.
The senior General Manager (medical and sports sciences) in the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB), Dr Sohail Saleem said that there would be some good news on Ajmal’s front soon.
“There is definite improvement in Saeed’s bowling action as the team of experts led by Saqlain Mushtaq is working in two sessions with him every day,” Saleem said.
“Saqlain’s presence and advice has helped Saeed a lot and the target is to make him ready for a bowling action test before the World Cup,” Saleem said.
The PCB has hired Saqlain the former champion off-spinner to help Saeed remodel his bowling action in accordance with the ICC’s new protocol for bowlers.
ICC allows a 15 degrees extension of the elbow while bowling Saeed in the bio-mechanics test went up to 43 degrees.
The off spinner was reported for his action in August after the first Test against Sri Lanka at Galle.
Saleem said that Saeed had bowled with his normal action in the Tests in Brisbane.
“Now Saqlain has been getting him back to basics and has first worked on his action while bowling orthodox off-breaks and will than move onto his action when bowling the ‘Doosra’.
Sources at the NCA admitted that it had taken a big effort from the team of experts specially Saqlain to pep up Saeed after he was suspended from bowling.
“Ajmal’s morale and spirits were down after his suspension but now his mood is getting better.”
Haroon Rasheed who is the director game development in the PCB said that work on setting up the bio-mechanics lab at the NCA was progressing at full speed now.
“Bowlers with suspect actions have been a problem in domestic cricket for a while now but now the Board has decided to deal with his issue very seriously which is why setting up of the biomechanics lab is a top priority now.”
Rasheed said the equipment for the bio-mechanics lab was already in Lahore and was being further upgraded in line with the new protocols of the ICC. He hoped that once the biomechanics lab was set up it would also be accredited by the ICC.
Saqlain's presence and advice has helped Saeed a lot and the target is to make him ready before the World Cup

FII inflows in equities hit 7-month low of Rs 5 100 cr in SeptemberE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Move over Half-Girlfriend  here comes BestGirlfriendKritika Kamra and Vikrant Massey have been chosen to play the lead pair.
BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 11:38 am
While the whole of literary world and Bollywood is still drooling over the title of Chetan Bhagat’s next novel ‘Half Girlfriend’, hear this one.
TV actress Kritika Kamra and Vikrant Massey have been signed up as the lead pair in Best Girlfriend, a film which is presently under post-production and is readying for online premiere.
While the film’s story has been written by Amit Roy, the film has been directed by Navjot Gulati. News reports state that the film is about a guy whose girlfriend means everything to him, when situations become challenging. Speaking about the film, Navjot said that Best Girlfriend is a 10 minute short film which is based on a true event.
Best Girlfriend has been shot over ten days in Mumbai and will be released online on October 25.

Saeed Ajmal s bowling action has improved  says Pakistan Cricket BoardSaeed Ajmal's action has improved under the guidance of Saqlain Mushtaq, said the PCB on Sunday. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: October 5, 2014 11:06 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 11:08 am
Pakistan is hoping that their star spinner Saeed Ajmal will have his bowling action corrected before the World Cup as a team of experts was working very hard to ensure that he plays for the national team in cricket’s showpiece event.
The senior General Manager (medical and sports sciences) in the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB), Dr Sohail Saleem said that there would be some good news on Ajmal’s front soon.
“There is definite improvement in Saeed’s bowling action as the team of experts led by Saqlain Mushtaq is working in two sessions with him every day,” Saleem said.
“Saqlain’s presence and advice has helped Saeed a lot and the target is to make him ready for a bowling action test before the World Cup,” Saleem said.
The PCB has hired Saqlain the former champion off-spinner to help Saeed remodel his bowling action in accordance with the ICC’s new protocol for bowlers.
ICC allows a 15 degrees extension of the elbow while bowling Saeed in the bio-mechanics test went up to 43 degrees.
The off spinner was reported for his action in August after the first Test against Sri Lanka at Galle.
Saleem said that Saeed had bowled with his normal action in the Tests in Brisbane.
“Now Saqlain has been getting him back to basics and has first worked on his action while bowling orthodox off-breaks and will than move onto his action when bowling the ‘Doosra’.
Sources at the NCA admitted that it had taken a big effort from the team of experts specially Saqlain to pep up Saeed after he was suspended from bowling.
“Ajmal’s morale and spirits were down after his suspension but now his mood is getting better.”
Haroon Rasheed who is the director game development in the PCB said that work on setting up the bio-mechanics lab at the NCA was progressing at full speed now.
“Bowlers with suspect actions have been a problem in domestic cricket for a while now but now the Board has decided to deal with his issue very seriously which is why setting up of the biomechanics lab is a top priority now.”
Rasheed said the equipment for the bio-mechanics lab was already in Lahore and was being further upgraded in line with the new protocols of the ICC. He hoped that once the biomechanics lab was set up it would also be accredited by the ICC.
Saqlain's presence and advice has helped Saeed a lot and the target is to make him ready before the World Cup

Foreign tourists soak in Dasara spiritUpdated: October 5, 2014 12:09 IST
Foreign tourists soak in Dasara spirit
Shankar Bennur
Tweet
Several international tourists witnessed the Dasara finale
Four French tourists sat on the premises of the iconic Amba Vilas Palace to witness the cultural diversity unfolding at the Jamboo Savari, which marks the finale of the ten-day Dasara festivities, here on Saturday.
Even as they managed to get seats along with locals and domestic tourists in a sheltered gallery next to the palace, they watched with wonder the two-hour-long extravaganza that concluded with the grand march of majestic tusker Arjuna, which carried the 750-kg golden howdah.
Several international tourists witnessed the Dasara finale.
Glen from Belgium had not heard of the Jamboo Savari until they reached the palace on Saturday morning. “We were not aware of the event. Both of us came to see the palace but the event was a pleasant surprise for us,” he said.
An exclusive viewing gallery was established at the Government Ayurveda College Circle on New Sayyaji Rao Road on the Jamboo Savari route to facilitate foreign tourists to watch the proceedings.
Thanks to the Kalpavruksha Trust, a 2,000-seat gallery was arranged. The commentary was in Spanish and English. Devaraj of the trust told The Hindu that 1,400 foreign tourists watched the procession.

Zimmermann masterfulBy Adam Kilgore October 5 Follow @adamkilgorewp
(Photo by Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
In a baseball postseason that has seen aces chopped down and chewed up, Jordan Zimmerman climbed the Nationals Park mound Saturday with his team’s season effectively on the line and dominated the Giants in a callous and uncomplicated manner. He started with 94-mph fastballs. When that worked, he threw more fastballs. He asked the Giants if they would like some more fastballs, maybe with a side of fastballs, topped with a dollop of fastballs.
Once Anthony Rendon’s RBI single gave the Nationals a 1-0 lead in the third inning, Zimmermann needed only 51 pitches to record the next 17 outs. Any one of them could have tied the game. Forty-four of them were fastballs, many at the letters or above, all of them carrying a cold-blooded challenge to match the October chill: Hit it if you can.
Zimmermann’s masterful performance put the Nationals in position to tie the NLDS at 1-1 before he exited and the game unraveled into a 2-1, 18-inning gut punch.
Six days after Zimmermann twirled the first no-hitter by a Washington major leaguer since 1931, he came within one out of throwing the first postseason shutout by a Washington major leaguer since Earl Whitehill in the 1933 World Series. He struck out six, allowed three hits, retired 20 consecutive hitters at one point and walked only the last hitting faced.
“Attack, attack, attack,” reliever Tyler Clippard said. “He’s just relentless out there. He’s been our guy all year.”
Zimmermann always leans on his lively, mid-90s fastball. Saturday, with the wind gusting in from left field and the chilly air knocking down fly balls, he had even less problem with challenging the opposition.
“First couple innings, I was mixing up all my pitches and I realized the wind was blowing in,” Zimmermann said. “The ball wasn’t flying. I stuck with my fastball and pretty dared them to hit the ball out. I came right after them with that.
“I always throw fastballs. That was part of the gameplan. Being as cold as it was and the wind blowing in, I wasn’t going to nibble tonight. I was going to go right after them and make them try to beat me.”
The Giants never beat Zimmermann. But they beat the Nationals nine innings after Zimmermann exited.
“I was pretty happy that he wasn’t out there anymore,” Giants starter Tim Hudson said.
Adam Kilgore covers the Nationals for The Washington Post.

Jobs gallore in ecommerce space;1.5 lakh jobs likely in 2-3yearsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Stock markets to track IIP data  Infosys earnings this weekThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Exports of 8 in 13 key agri products enter negative zoneThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

A bse 30 counter available at a discountCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Pl see the message of venkatramaniPlatinum Member
85 Followers
IFCI technically looks very bullish with the uptrend intact . Consolidation around the 34.8-35.6 levels is expected with a breakout with volumes above 36.8 . With EBIDTA margins expected to improve slightly in the september quarter but with restructuring route valuations will be overstretched to 14 fy15x earnings . we arrive at a target price of 39.2 over next 20 trading sessions . Research calls and stock advice 9911 5656 12
7.25 PM Oct 2nd

Agm done or not any newsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I have no idea why SpiceJet is attacking us: Mittu ChandilyaI have no idea why SpiceJet is attacking us: AirAsia India CEO Mittu Chandilya
By ET Bureau | 3 Oct, 2014, 09.02AM IST
0
Share More
AirAsia CEO Mittu Chandilya laughs off the idea of a rival airline boss poking pins in his voodoo doll, but AirAsia's Mittu Chandilya's 'aggressive side' will come out if you 'touch his team'.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Masoom Gupte
If love for social media is a parameter to go by, Mittu Chandilya of AirAsia is every bit a CEO of this generation. Whether it's pictures of a day out with the boss (Tony Fernandes, founder, AirAsia) in Mumbai, a compliment paid to a rival airline (Aditya Ghosh, CEO, IndiGo Airlines) for their work during the recent J&K floods, or a double date dinner with Snapdeal's founder Kunal Bahl and their respective spouses, Chandilya posts regular updates on Twitter.
Yet it's on this micro-blogging site that India's airline wars often unfold, like Fernandes accusing IndiGo of playing dirty or when SpiceJet COO Sanjiv Kapoor's leaked company email took potshots purportedly at Chandilya.
But Chandilya has an easy attitude when he sits down for a chat with ETPanache at a Mumbai hotel lounge. The AirAsia CEO is on a flying visit to announce the launch of Vijay Amritraj's Champions Tennis League, in which his wife Inga and he have bought the Bengaluru team.
Chandilya, who trained with former Indian tennis star Ramesh Krishnan at one point, even got a partial tennis scholarship for his MBA program in the US. "I don't come from a wealthy background to try and play with this (the League). But I believe in tennis," says Chandilya, before discussing the recent storms that AirAsia has flown into:
In a recent interview to Economic Times, Tony Fernandes said that SpiceJet COO Sanjiv Kapoor is obsessed with and probably even has a voodoo doll of you. What did you say to him after reading the statement?
To Tony? I never tell Tony anything (laughs). The thing I love about Tony is that he is very direct, very open. He says what he means and what he sees. I don't think people should pick on other people. That's not the way it should be. I don't know what Spice(Jet) is going through. I have no idea why they were attacking on Twitter.
Should the captains of industry stick to certain rules of engagement?
What India has taught me over the last 18 months is that there are no rules, there is no code of conduct. So, I'm not disappointed in that. But I think you have to be mature about a few things.
You never see me reply to any of those things and I don't plan to. You know it's his voice. That's the beauty of social media. Anybody can talk, anybody can be direct. You got to take the good and the bad. I can't comment on what he's doing.
But one notices that you retweet, not tweet. You never put your comments out there.
I try to not keep my tweets negative. I could easily go that route. But being the CEO of an airline, you don't share everything all the time. There are a lot of things going on in the back room. You have to protect the company, its reputation and your peers.
I have views about service levels, innovation, routes but I'll never comment on another airline. But, never say never. Push me to a limit and I will come out. And I am a very aggressive, competitive person. Touch my team, touch my organisation, talk badly about them and you will see a different side to me.
What about the FIA membership issues? Is there any progress on that front?
Not that I know of. It is an Indian airline, with 51 per cent Indian ownership, four Indian board members versus one foreigner. The entire management team is Indian, including myself. So I'd hope that they recognise us as an Indian carrier and allow us to join the FIA. We are keen on that. We've applied a couple of times and haven't heard back yet.
Does it surprise you that you are facing these issues despite the backing of the Tata Group?
It doesn't actually surprise me. It surprises me to the degree that they are going against us. I think it (airlines) is a very competitive industry. The war for passengers is high.
Plus you have eight competitors here, which is different from Malaysia where there are just two. That's why it's a lot hungrier, a lot more aggressive. So I don't think you get additional support or respect or a lack of it because of their (Tata's) involvement.
Which airlines do you pick when you travel on routes with no AirAsia flights currently operational?
I usually go with Air India or Jet Airways. Jet has fabulous service and is a really good airline and I'm proud of it as an Indian. Air India is our national carrier and I'm partial towards that. If there is an opportunity, I try and take them (Air India).
On the DGCA making AirAsia withdraw its inflight magazines for misrepresenting J&K borders on the India map:
That was very unfortunate. The reality is we messed up. I was very embarrassed as an Indian. These magazines were printed in Malaysia and we've learnt from it. We withdrew all magazines within four hours across all 180 planes. From October, these magazines will be printed locally. Honestly, no other comments other than we messed up.

Shah Rukh Khan is Michael Jackson on his film my setsPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 4, 2014 9:31 am
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan says his assistants on his movie sets jokingly call him Michael Jackson because of his love for dancing.
The 48-year-old star says he follows advice of director and close friend Farah Khan and dances from his heart.
“Whenever I dance I am always happy. Farah can vouch for that. I never hold myself back. There are assistants on the set and they jokingly refer to me as Michael Jackson. As they feel that inside my shoes my toes are dancing.
“I remember during ‘Raju Ban Gaya Gentleman’ Farah told me that don’t worry and be happy when you are dancing. For last 20 years this advice has really helped me,” said Shah Rukh, who will be seen judging a dance reality show ‘Dil Se Naachein Indiawale’ with Farah Khan on Zee.
The ‘Chennai Express’ star, however, said he is not a very good judge as he marks people on the basis of their passion for dance rather than on the technicalities in their performance.
I am a very weak hearted judge. I think if someone can just come to stage with lots of passion and dance and win people’s hearts, I will give full marks to them without seeing the technicality and the complexity of the dance.
“I remember once I went to judge Miss India and Waheeda Rehmanji was also there as a judge. I asked her to show her numbers because I liked all of them. So I try to avoid judging shows,” said the actor, who will be seen taking part in a dance competition in his upcoming musical heist ‘Happy New Year’, directed by Farah.

Funds for purchasing fifteen Air India Dreamliners unsureFunds for 15 Air India Dreamliners unsure
By Saurabh Sinha, TNN | 3 Oct, 2014, 10.29AM IST
While Delta has moved court to stop the $3.4-billion loan guarantee, Air India management has requested the Exim Bank not to stop funding the Dreamliner purchase.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Air India's woes may have just compounded with uncertainty over funding of its purchase of Boeing's Dreamliners.
"America's Delta Airlines has challenged US Export-Import (Exim) Bank's decision to extend a soft loan to AI for buying the Dreamliners in the US Supreme Court. Their plea is that helping AI acquire these planes harms the commercial interests of US carriers," said a source.
While Delta has moved court to stop the $3.4-billion loan guarantee, Air India management has requested the Exim Bank not to stop funding the Dreamliner purchase. The Exim bank has so far funded purchase of 12 planes and now a decision has to be taken on the remaining 15 Dreamliners on AI's order book. AI is going to take delivery of the 17th Dreamliner this month.
A team of top AI officials met Exim Bank brass in the US earlier this week, requesting them to continue with the funding. "Exim Bank loan comes at a much lower rate than what we would have to pay for raising the funds from other commercial institutions. The promise of low-cost funding was among the main reasons for India's mega order to Boeing in 2005-end by UPA-I," said a source. India has given sovereign guarantee for this loan, thus justifying the reasonable rate of interest for this almost risk-free loan.
The erstwhile AI (international) had ordered 50 wide-body Boeings — 23 B-777s and 27 B-787s — for Rs 33,197 crore, along with an additional 18 narrow body B-737 for AI Express for Rs 4,952 crore.
The Dreamliners have been a source of constant troubles for all airlines. The glitches have meant its on-time performance remains below what is expected from a mint fresh aircraft. "AI is suffering from being a government organization where no decision can be taken. We bought these planes way back in 2005 at rates prevalent then. Had a private airline been in our place, it would have sold these planes at their much higher current price and made a killing. But we can't do that," said a senior pilot. The airline has started adopting the sale-and-lease-back model for Dreamliners.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Mohan Bhagwat slams lust for Chinese goodsYou are here: Home > Collections > Rss
RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat slams India’s ‘lust for Chinese goods'
ET Bureau Oct 4, 2014, 06.39AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Bhagwat’s address…)
NAGPUR: RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat has demanded a ban on beef exports from India, slammed Indians' lust for cheap Chinese imports and called Islamic terrorism a blowback of western greed in an address to cadres that surprised many with its largely conciliatory tone but raised the hackles of several others with its live telecast on state TV.
In his annual Vijayadashami speech at ReshimBagh headquarters of the RSS, Bhagwat on Friday touched upon topics ranging from ecology to cow slaughter to Islamic jihad as he lauded the Modi-led BJP government's performance and hinted at four states - Kerala, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal and Assam - as being possible focus areas for the Sangh's future political activities.
Bhagwat's address this year was being especially watched for his observations on the BJP government's performance and also cues on its future social and economic policies. Also being closely watched was for any signs of triumphalism especially after the active role Sangh cadres played to bring the BJP to power and whether it would use its influence with the government to re-assert India's Hindu identity. The RSS chief has in recent speeches asserted India's identity as a Hindu nation and said that all Indians are Hindus.
Bhagwat didn't mention any border incursions by the Chinese unlike his last year's speech, but he slammed Indian consumer's attitudes towards encouraging China which affected any possibility of increase in "self-reliance" and "Swadeshi" consumption. "Our tendency of buying daily need goods, even buying foreign made— especially Chinese--statues of our Gods and Goddesses, simply because they are cheaper in price, needs to be abandoned," he said.
The RSS leader said there was a sense of optimism prevalent in the country on account of the new government's policies. "The government should now ensure that these policies maintain their momentum in a determined and well organized manner. We need to wait for some more time, with a sense of hope and faith," he said.
Suhas Palshikar , veteran political scientist, who have been tracking Sangh Parivar politics, said there was hardly anything new in Bhagwat's speech. "There always is a certain variation, but the issues of cow slaughter, Bangladeshi immigrants etc have their usual community-oriented message," said "These are mentioned not as a hint to the government or the BJP, but to the cadres. Through these issues, the RSS would like to exert pressure on the party and the government," Palshikar said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DD faces criticism for broadcasting Bhagwat s speechYou are here: Home > Collections > Rss
Doordarshan faces criticism for broadcasting RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat's speech
Nistula Hebbar, ET Bureau Oct 4, 2014, 03.40AM IST
Tags:
Congress
("It was just like a news event…)
NEW DELHI: If the message was being parsed, so was the medium. There was first the conjuction of Narendra Modi speaking via All India Radio and RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat being telecast live on Doordarshan - as definitive a demonstration of India's new power structure as there can be.
Second, there was controversy over whether the state broadcaster should have carried Bhagwat's address live, with both parties opposed to BJP and some neutral observers questioning DD's decision.And third, there was RSS's stout defence that not only was the controversy a non-issue but that the sangh was not going to be apologetic any more in broadcasting its message.
The sense of a BJP-Sangh/sarkar-parivar double act was strengthened when many private TV news channels carried both the audio feed of the PM's AIR address as well as live coverage of Bhagwat's speech from RSS headquarters in Nagpur.
Bhagwat's hour-long speech is a continuation of an annual RSS ritual - the chief speaks to the cadre on Dusshera every year - but its live telecast on DD got Congress, CPM and others to talk of government "domination" public broadcasting. "Government influence over media channels is worrying," said Salman Khurshid of Congress. And CPM released a statement condemning the broadcast.
"This is just the domination of the new regime, and a violation of norms. If the public broadcaster uses public money to broadcast the RSS chief 's address, then they can air activities of other NGOs too, as the RSS claims it is," said Suhas Palshikar, professor of political science at Pune University. But DD was admant that it had simply applied a news judgment.
"It was just like a news event to us. So we covered it," DD's director-general (news) Archana Dutta said. BJP general secretary Ram Madhav said 11 private TV channels had broadcast the Bhagwat speech live.
"If others find it newsworthy, shouldn't Doordarshan? Why shoot the messenmessenger?" he asked. Those critiquing DD's call argued since RSS calls itself a 'socio-cultural' organization and not a political one, the sangh can't now argue live coverage of its chief 's speech by the state broadcaster isn't an unusual event. RSS insiders insisted today's controversy will have no effect on the sangh's determination to get its message out.
Sangh functionaries who spoke on the condition they not be identified said they are determined to make the "long delayed course correction." A young swayamsewak who entered the RSS through its information technology milan shakha, said that as soon as it was clear that BJP had a simple majority in the Lok Sabha there was "an entire baudhik (RSS term for discourse) where we were told...sarkar humaari raj congress ka, is baar nahin hoga. (no more our government, Congress rule)."
"We were told not to talk of our ideology with any 'apraadh bodh (guilty conscience). We have the mandate, people have elected a party following the sangh ideological framework," this young RSS cadre said. Several senior sangh leaders echoed the same sentiment, saying this time RSS is determined its message is heard loud, clear and widely.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Javadekar dismisses criticism over Bhagwat s speechYou are here: Home > Collections > Rss
Prakash Javadekar dismisses criticism over RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat's speech on Doordarshan
PTI Oct 3, 2014, 06.04PM IST
Tags:
Congress
(CPI's D Raja said government,…)
MUMBAI: With Opposition attacking government over Doordarshan's live telecast of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat's speech, Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar today said that Prasar Bharati takes its own decisions and wondered why objections were being raised when it was a "newsworthy" event covered by private channels too.
He also suggested that Doordarshan may not have covered the RSS chief's speech live in the past because of "restrictions" placed by earlier regimes.
"Already Prasar Bharati takes its own decisions and I don't know why they were not showing earlier. It's a news worthy event. All private news channels are showing it. Then why DD should be banned?" the I&B minister asked.
Javadekar said that DD News carries live speeches of leaders of Congress and other political parties. "At that time nobody speaks," he said.
Speaking about the one-hour telecast of an RSS function for the first time by the national broadcaster, Javadekar said that "earlier there may be restrictions that this should not be shown. We have not put any restrictions. So they are covering all news worthy events."
He also added that many people wanted to listen to the speech which was widely watched.
When a reporter asked him about how an event that was not covered during the last ten years suddenly became news-worthy for Doordarshan after BJP's coming to power, Javadekar replied that it was due to "trampling" on DD's freedom by earlier UPA regimes that such events were not covered.
He said that at that time the question why RSS chief's speech "was being blocked" should have been asked.
Congress and Left parties have slammed the live telecast of Bhagwat's speech, terming it as "misuse" of Doordarshan.
"It is a dangerous tradition. This is not an organisation which is completely neutral. It is a controversial organisation," Congress spokesman Sandeep Dikshit said, adding it is a political decision of the government.
The CPI also condemned the live telecast with its National Secretary D Raja saying the government, particularly the Information and Broadcasting Ministry , should give an explanation to the people "for allowing DD to be the mouthpiece for the RSS".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinese lenders increasing India exposureChinese lenders like ICBC, CDB gradually increasing India exposure
Anita Bhoir, ET Bureau Oct 4, 2014, 10.58AM IST
Tags:
CDB
(Industrial and Commercial…)
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China's net profit from India has more than doubled in two years through March 2014, albeit on a small base. The profit and assets of the world's largest bank in India are still tiny compared with the local majors, but the pace of the expansion highlights the increasing presence of Chinese banks here as they try to play a larger role in supporting Chinese business interests while also diversifying their own asset base.
For China, which has $3.2 trillion of foreign exchange reserves and wants to deploy that beyond US treasuries, lending to some of India's fund-starved sectors offers double benefits - returns will be higher, and since these funds are for buying Chinese machinery, it will also boost its own manufacturing sector. For Indian corporates, especially in infrastructure, cheap Chinese funds provide a lifeline at a time when local banks are reluctant to expand their already large exposure to the sector.
These banks led by ICBC are expanding globally, with China's increasing financial and political clout. ICBC chairman Jiang Jianqing's has expressed his intent to tripling the contribution of overseas earnings to 10% by 2016. It recently acquired a 60% stake in Johannesburg-based Standard Bank for about $765 million. The deal also gives it an option to acquire another 20% over a five-year period.
"The Chinese are sitting on huge reserves and they are looking at investing outside the country," said Ashvin Parekh, managing partner of Ashvin Parekh Advisory Services. In India, the focus of Chinese financiers has been infrastructure, a sector that heavily depends on the neighbouring country for cheap equipment. For ICBC, the leveraged balance ance sheets of companies or an economic slowdown that has just started showing signs of ebbing had not been hindrance to increasing its India presence. Its profit has risen to Rs 231.15 crore at the end of March 2014 from Rs 99.95 crore in March 2012.
The bank set up operations in the country in May 2011 and over three years, its assets have grown by nearly 75% to Rs 907.64 crore. All this at a time when large foreign banks in the country, such as Standard Chartered, Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation and Deutsche Bank, were facing pressure on their profitability. ICBC didn't respond to a request for comment.
The bank has so far only one branch in India and its loan portfolio consists of corporate loans for long-term projects in infrastructure, including power. During his recent India visit, Chinese President Xi Jinping had referred to ICBC's participation in funding India's infrastructure requirement.
"They have a long-term strategy in sight. They identify sectors which can assists the China story, for instance power," said Parekh. "Apart from debt exposure, in future I can see them taking equity exposures in the country." India's power sector is a big buyer of Chinese equipment, and so is the local telecom industry. And, Anil Ambani-led Reliance Power and Reliance Communication were the first to tap cheap Chinese funds. In 2011, RCom took a Rs 6,000-crore ($1.33 billion at the time) loan from China Development Bank to finance purchase of electrical equipment from China.
 
The telecom company followed it up with a Rs 2,700 crore loan agreement with China Development Bank (CDB), for financing imports and domestic expenditure of telecom equipment from Chinese vendors Huawei and ZTE. In 2012, Chinese state banks including ICBC, CDB and Export Import Bank of China lent around $1.18 billion to refinance RCom's foreign currency convertible bonds.
In the same year, Lanco Infratech, another Indian infrastructure company, entered into an agreement with CDB for $2 billion of debt for two power projects totaling 2,640 mw. Of the total, $600 million was contributed by CDB and the rest was syndicated from other Chinese banks and financial institutions. China is India's largest trading partner, with Sino-Indian trade totaling $65.86 billion in 2013-14, and at $22.41 billion in the first fiscal quarter through June 2014, according to a report by the Ministry of Commerce and Industry.
India and China are targeting $100 billion of annual bilateral trade. The trade is heavily tilted towards China, and the huge trade deficit that India has with the neighbour is unlikely to narrow much in the near future. This means China's exports to India are set to increase substantially and so is the exposure of Chinese banks to the Indian economy. Recent agreements also indicate the possibility of that. Beijing and New Delhi signed deals worth $3.43 billion during President Xi's India visit last month.

China aims to sooth transport bottlenecks by 2020China aims to sooth transport bottlenecks by 2020
By Reuters | 4 Oct, 2014, 08.54AM IST
0
Share More
Despite billions of dollars being invested in recent years on roads, railways and ports, China's rapid economic growth has meant that transport facilities still easily clog up, raising the cost of doing business.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: China aims to ease transport bottlenecks which are affecting economic development by 2020 with a plan announced on Saturday to tackle issues such as excessive road tolls and poor connectivity and to ensure the smoother flow of goods.
Despite billions of dollars being invested in recent years on roads, railways and ports, China's rapid economic growth has meant that transport facilities still easily clog up, raising the cost of doing business.
Last year, logistics costs made up 18 percent of gross domestic product (GDP), roughly double that of the developed world and higher even than Brazil or India, with a fractured industry made up of too many small players and lack of modern warehousing, the central government said in a statement on its website.
"Infrastructure is comparatively backward and cannot satisfy the demands of the development of modern logistics," it said, outlining a plan running to 2020 to deal with the problem.
Previously announced steps such as trying to rein in excessive tolls and penalties have failed to be fully effective, affecting the movement of goods within the country, the government added.
Logistics companies will be encouraged to merge to form larger entities, there will be better integration between railways and ports and more facilities will be built to improve the transport of coal and grains and resolve "chokeholds", the statement said.
The government will also encourage the building of oil and LNG tankers and ports which can handle imports of iron ore and other minerals, it added.
The plan, which did not mention any investment figures, comes as the government is pushing through a new round of reforms aimed at bolstering a slowing economy, including trying to cut red tape, but avoiding massive spending rises.

Shah Rukh Khan snubbed by journalistsPrint
Shah Rukh Khan apologised to the media and asked them to stay back.
Written by Apurva Singh , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 4, 2014 11:56 am | Updated: October 4, 2014 12:59 pm
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan , who is noted for being extra courteous and friendly with the media, was snubbed by press in Chennai on Friday where he was promoting his upcoming film ‘ Happy New Year ‘.
According to reports, journalists present at the ‘ Happy New Year ‘ press meet walked out because the event that was supposed to start at 4 pm actually started at 8 in the evening.
IN PICS: Journalists walk out of Shah Rukh Khan’s press conference
The press meet got deferred due to the film’s team members giving away one on one interviews to various TV channels, while the other journalists kept waiting.
The press raised their voice against such unprofessional behaviour by ‘Happy New Year’ team and decided to walk out. The event was a fashion show of city-based showroom that was clubbed with SRK ‘s upcoming release of ‘Happy New Year’.
Apparently Shah Rukh Khan apologised to the media and asked them to stay back, promising to give exclusive interviews to each and every media, but the press still walked out, giving a cold shoulder to the Bollywood star.
Later it was said that it all happened due to miscommunication between two public relations’ managers.
However, this was not for the first time that media decided to raise their voice against unprofessional behaviour of Bollywood stars.
Superstar Salman Khan also had an altercation with the paparazzi at the launch of a special song ‘Devil’ from ‘Kick’. Photographers decided to put a ban on taking Salman’s pictures and the ban continues till today.
Bouncers at the venue apparently misbehaved with some of the photographers, as the commotion went out of control, Salman Khan intervened and then announced that if anyone wanted to leave the venue was free to do so.
He said, “Those who want to stay may stay, whoever wants to leave, is free to go. What’s the big deal about it.”
‘Haider’ actress Shraddha Kapoor was also boycotted by the paps. At a success bash for ‘Ek Villain’, the paparazzi present at the event decided to boycott Shraddha and refused to click her pictures due to her bad behavior with the press in the past.
All through the promotions for the film, Shraddha did not oblige to posing for the photographers and at times was even covered by her manager, just so that the paps would be unable to snap a picture of the actress.

25 000 villages may go  off the grid  to solve power woesDre
(Renewable energy, particularly…)
NEW DELHI: More than 25,000 villages, which have been waiting in vain for half a century and beyond for the government to provide them with electricity, could soon see light at the end of the tunnel as they go 'off the grid' using novel clean energy solutions. Rather than be dependent on utilities to plug them into the energy network, these villages will get electrified through so-called micro-grids that generate power for their needs. Such off-grid solutions have been successfully deployed in Ghana and Germany, making rural areas self-sufficient in power through the use of clean energy and have captured the imagination of the government and industry alike.
Renewable energy, particularly innovative solutions to India's energy problems, have the strong backing of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and was high on the agenda during his recent US visit.
"To expand the availability of clean energy resources to more people, President Obama and Prime Minister Modi endorsed the proposal to launch Promoting Energy Access through Clean Energy (PEACE), a PACE initiative, to rapidly deploy innovative renewable energy solutions to those who currently lack access to energy," the foreign ministry said in a release last week. PACE or Partnering to Accelerate Entrepreneurship is a US programme. Out of 6 lakh villages in India, about 26,000, mostly in Odisha, Rajasthan, Bihar, UP and Jharkhand, have no electricity at all.
Thousands of other villages have a connection that barely works or lights up the lamps for just an hour or two a day. Tata Power is working on a pilot project in Purnia in Bihar in collaboration with the MIT to install a micro grid with a capacity of 1 MW to power 200 households in the region.
"The project should be completed by December this year or January 2015 and the billing would be on a flat monthly rate—Rs 100-200—instead of metering," said Praveer Sinha, Tata Power Delhi Distribution's CEO and managing director. Off-grid solutions could refer to standalone appliances used in lighting, cooking and agriculture as well as those that power village-specific micro grids using one or a combination of renewable energy sources.
For a country that ranks lower than even much smaller African economies such as Libya, Gabon and Trinidad and Tobago in per-capita electricity consumption, according to the World Bank, off-grid solutions can cater to millions of homes without getting bogged down by the complications and inefficiencies of grid-connected electricity. "Ghana and Germany have now what are called 'power independent' villages, which have their own solar-powered micro grids and surplus storage systems.
There's a possibility to cover at least 25,000-30,000 villages in India in a similar manner," said Manoj Kumar Upadhyay, founder chairman and managing director of ACME Group, which is engaged in solar energy solutions. Coal, power and oil minister Piyush Goyal told ET recently about his plan to expand "off-grid solutions".
"On the second day of taking charge, I decided let's do off-grid solutions, particularly for far-flung areas," he said. "I do realise that itis going to be impossible to get grids reaching out all the way there. We'll have to look at some offgrid solutions, some local solutions," Goyal said. Five R&D centres are being set up on power storage, a critical component in implementing off-grid solutions.
Along with the Indian Institute of Technology-Jodhpur under the leadership of Anil Kakodkar, NTPC is conducting a project to set up solar-thermal combination plants, Goyal added. A halving of the cost of production and storage of solar energy over the last few years is also a reason for the increased focus on off-grid solutions, said experts, who peg this market at billions of dollars.
 
"It has been estimated that in India currently there are about 400 million people (about 80 million households) who do not have access to clean commercial energy," said Anish De, partner, infrastructure and government services, at KPMG.
"According to the World Resources Institute, decentralised renewable energy enterprises (DRE) offer an annual market opportunity of $2.04 billion while the solar home lighting (SHS) market is estimated to be $27.4 million a year." De also said the capital investment required for these solutions would be relatively lower than that for regular power projects and that a number of firms are focusing on the area.
The size of the opportunity is also drawing the interest of renewable energy companies such as Suzlon Energy, which are not yet active in the off-grid space. "Off-grid solution is one of the most promising methods of filling the demand-supply gap with distributed generation to supplement grid supply," said Chintan Shah, president, strategic business development at Suzlon.

Government to kickstart 16 000 MW of gasfired power plantsYou are here: Home > Collections
Government mulling to offer package to kickstart 16,000 MW of gasfired power plants
Sarita Singh, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 03.18AM IST
Tags:
eGOM
(Official sources said the…)
NEW DELHI: The government plans to offer a rescue package to kickstart 16,000 MW of gasfired power plants that are idling after an investment of about Rs 64,000 crore by providing fuel and subsidy to make them financially viable. This will benefit Lanco Infratech, Essar Power, Reliance Power, GVK Group, GMR Energy and other companies that had set up plants on the basis of official projections of gas availability.
Official sources said the package includes a proposal that any additional gas produced in the next four years (above the current level of output) should be supplied to power stations. This should be pooled with imported liquefied natural gas. As LNG costs about $15 per unit, compared with the prevailing domestic gas rate of $4.2, the government plans to provide subsidy so that electricity is not too costly for distribution companies.
Officials said the subsidy would ensure gas-based electricity is sold at Rs 5.50 per unit, as per the package that has been prepared jointly by the oil and power ministries and will be sent to the Cabinet for approval. The coal cess, which is deposited in the National Clean Energy Fund (NCEF), will be used to subsidise the gas-fired power plants.
The subsidy would be provided only to plants located in states that agree to waive value added tax (VAT) and central sales tax (CST) on natural gas, officials said. The package also includes scrapping all taxes on domestic and imported natural gas consumed by power companies, and a cut in marketing margins and pipeline tariffs for gas transportation.
The power sector will be given priority in allocation of incremental gas from blocks awarded under the National Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) till 2018-19. The planned measures will come as a relief to the power sector which has been under stress as the shortage of coal and natural gas has affected about 35,000 mw of capacity, mostly built by the private sector.
The sector faced another challenge when the Supreme Court cancelled the allocation of almost all coal mines to private companies, putting a question mark on fuel supply to planned or operating power stations with a combined capacity of more than 25,000 mw. The Association of Power Producers had estimated in June that gas-fired plants have a capacity of 24,149 mw, involving an investment of Rs 1.2 lakh crore and debt exposure of Rs 85,000 crore.
"Majority of these projects are on the verge of becoming non-performing assets (NPAs) due to non-availability of gas," the association wrote to the government in June. Last year, an Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) had decided that gas-based power plants be given preference till 2015-16 in allocating additional gas output from NELP blocks after meeting the 31.5 million metric standard cubic meters per day (mmscmd) requirement of fertiliser units.
"NELP gas available to the power sector is quite low. We plan to seek extension of the EGoM directive by another three years from 2015-16. We will also ask the Union Cabinet if some additional gas from non-NELP blocks can be earmarked for the power plants," a senior government official said. Data with the oil ministry shows availability of 4.53 mmscmd additional gas output next fiscal from NELP fields, 13.30 mmscmd in 2016-17, 18.19 mmscmd in 2017-18 and 28.74 mmscmd in 2018-19.
Total incremental gas output including non-NELP sources is estimated to be around 50 mmscmd. The domestic gas will be pooled with imported LNG and sold at an average price to power stations to help them run at 40% of capacity and recover fixed costs.
The official said the government is considering two options for pooling prices of domestic and international gas: Pooling prices for all the 24,149 mw gas-based power plants to reduce the burden on exchequer or pooling prices only for 16,107 mw stranded capacity to spare the operating plants from price rise.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mkts to consolidate in near term; IT  auto to do wellBirla Sun Life Mutual Fund
(In the near-term, the market…)
Information technology (IT) and automobile shares are expected to do well, while the broader market could consolidate going forward, according to Mahesh Patil , chief investment officer, Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund . In an interview with ET's Nishanth Vasudevan, Patil said investors should avoid sectors linked to global commodities. Edited excerpts:
What is your outlook for the market for the rest of the year? There is concern that valuations are stretched after the rally so far this year.
In the near-term, the market could consolidate after the good run and can even see some minor correction on the back of global cues. The global risk can emanate from geo-political concerns such as from Iraq or from the US Fed's comments on likely timing of increase in interest rates. On the domestic front, the large PSU disinvestment and fund-raising pipeline of corporate India will increase the supply of equity paper, which can suck out liquidity. However, we remain structurally positive on the equity market. Macro-economic indicators like inflation, current account deficit, GDP growth are all showing signs of improving. The year-till-date outperformance of the market has led to rerating for market valuations, which are currently slightly above the long-term average. Usually, at the inflexion point in an economy, the markets tend to move ahead of fundamentals and may look a bit expensive. We believe that corporate earnings growth over the next 3-4 years can compound at 18% every year, which will normalise the expansion seen in market multiples. So even with slightly elevated valuations, equity markets can deliver handsome returns over next few years.
The Fed appears to be on track to raise rates by mid-2015. How will Indian markets react? Will the rupee weaken once Fed signals further monetary tightening?
Historically, interest rate increases when coming out of a downturn and accommodative monetary policy signals confidence in economic recovery. This coincides with equity markets performing quite well as economic growth leads to higher earnings. There could be bouts of volatility around the time of the first rate increase by Fed. However, over the next few months, the market will take this in its stride and will be driven by the underlying fundamentals. India looks favourable compared to most other large global markets. Similar principle would apply to the rupee also. There is a possibility of volatility around the time of rate hikes and then there would be stabilisation over the next few months. India is in a much favourable situation today compared to a year ago with current account deficit estimated to be below 2% and forex reserves at more than nine months of imports. The rupee should most likely remain around 60 within a small range.
Is it time to go back to exporters — technology and pharma?
IT and pharma, apart from being export-oriented sectors, are also defensive in nature with steady growth visibility. In absolute terms, we expect these sectors to give 15% to 20% return over a one-year period. In the IT sector, SMAC (social, mobility, analytics & cloud) technology is driving a digital revolution across industries and enterprise clients are resuming discretionary spend to future-proof their businesses. Improving client demand, stemming from cycliIT and pharma, apart from being export-oriented sectors, are also defensive in nature with steady growth visibility. In absolute terms, we expect these sectors to give 15% to 20% return over a one-year period. In the IT sector, SMAC (social, mobility, analytics & cloud) technology is driving a digital revolution across industries and enterprise clients are resuming discretionary spend to future-proof their businesses. Improving client demand, stemming from cyclical recovery in key geographies and rising discretionary spend, is driving our optimism in the IT sector. In pharma also, we continue to remain positive as the US generic exports segment provides a large opportunity for Indian pharma companies to leverage their cost competitiveness. Also, a strong product-filing pipeline from Indian pharma companies continues to provide growth visibility.
Which sectors do you expect to outperform over the next 3-6 months? Why?
We expect the IT and auto sectors to do well in the next few months. The IT sector's valuations for most large companies is still below the market multiples and with improving outlook and some more upgrades likely in the space, it is expected to outperform. The auto sector is an early play on domestic recovery. The auto demand is on an improving trend with most segments registering double-digit year-on-year growth in the last few months. Our discussions with dealers suggest consumer interest is back and most are expecting strong retail sales in the festive season.
Many mid- and small-caps are trading at astounding valuations. Is it a good time to book profits?
At current prices, mid-cap valuations are almost in line with the large caps. In the past, mid-caps have traded at about 10 to 15% discount to large caps. Given the valuations, midcaps may underperform large caps in the near term. However, in the past, we have observed that in a rising economic growth environment and improved liquidity, mid-cap earnings tend to grow faster than large caps'. Hence, despite higher valuations, good quality mid-caps with decent growth outlook would still outperform the broader market over the next few years.
Which sectors should investors avoid?
The global growth is still sluggish. China, which has been the single-largest consumer of commodities, is also facing challenges to sustain growth at higher levels. With the dollar strengthening on the back of gradual withdrawal of QE by the US, commodities as a basket are looking weak. Hence, we would recommend avoiding sectors linked to global commodities in general.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets in consolidation mode; Sensex down 58 pointsYou are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
Markets in consolidation mode; Sensex down 58 points during the truncated last week
PTI Oct 4, 2014, 03.24PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
MUMBAI: Markets seemed to be in consolidation mode after strong rally as the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex and CNX Nifty declined 58.33 points and 23.30 points, respectively during the truncated week as operators decided to play safe after the Reserve Bank kept key interest rates unchanged.
Realty, metal, banking, power, capital goods and FMCG sectors attracted profit-booking and mainly weighed on Sensex.
However, buying was seen prominently in defensive IT and pharma stocks. Shares of IT majors TCS, Infosys and Wipro notched up 3.5-5.0 per cent gains, tracking weakness in rupee against the US dollar and strong American economic data that boosts prospects of their biggest market.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, in monetary policy meet on Tuesday, kept the key rates unchanged for the fourth consecutive time, citing continued risks to inflation and difficult external situation.
The short-term lending rate remained at eight per cent, and the cash reserve requirement of banks at four per cent. The statutory liquidity ratio has also been retained at 22 per cent.
Brokers said local bourses were also impacted by weak trend on Asian bourses amid concern over tensions in Hong Kong and as Chinese manufacturing gauge missing estimates.
The BSE 30-share barometer resumed lower and moved in a range of 26,851.33 and 26,481.31 before concluding the week at 26,567.99, a net fall of 58.33 points or 0.22 per cent.
Last week, it had plunged by 464.10 points, or 1.71 per cent.
Similarly, the broad-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also declined by 23.30 points, or 0.29 per cent, to 7,945.55.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange (NSE) were closed on October 2nd and 3rd for observing 'Mahatma Gandhi Jayanthi' and 'Dussehra' and will also remain shut on Monday, October 6, on account of 'Bakra Id'.
The Reserve Bank (RBI) retained growth projection for current fiscal at 5.5 per cent and also said that future policy stance will be influenced by inflation outlook.
It said that the pick-up in GDP growth during Q1 may not be sustained in the next quarters.
Some more selling pressure may be seen in the coming sessions, particularly in rate sensitive sectors. Also, as long market holidays are coming, investors prefer to book profits.
In the coming sessions, global cues and second quarterly results shall be key triggers for market direction," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
Slowing down of capital inflows from FPIs/FIIs also affected the market sentiment. FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth Rs 11.22 crore during the week, including provisional figure of October 1.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said: "During the week, credit policy was announced and for the fourth consecutive time, RBI kept the key policy rates unchanged.
"RBI also stated that henceforth any changes in the key rates will be purely dependent on inflation. There was not any impact on the local markets as the outcome from the RBI credit policy was anticipated by markets."
"Growing political tension in Hong Kong and speculation over US interest rates along with geopolitical tension in Middle East forced other Asian markets to trade low and post the biggest quarterly drop in global equities for more than two years.
"In the coming week, the trading technicals are suggesting that the markets would be in positive trend, the CNX Nifty is expected to trade in the range of 7,900 to 8,060 and BSE Sensex is expected to trade in the range of 26,400 to 26,700," he added.
22 scrips out of the 30-share Sensex pack ended lower while 8 others finished higher.
Major losers were Tata Steel (5.38 per cent), Tata Power (3.97 per cent), ICICI Bank (3.36 per cent), BHEL (2.73 per cent), ONGC (2.32 per cent), Axis Bank (2.27 per cent), HUL (2.27 per cent), Maruti (2.19 per cent), ITC (2.07 per cent), Larsen (2.07 per cent), SSLT (1.58 per cent), Hindalco (1.43 per cent) and Coal India (1.18 per cent).
However, Sun Pharma rose by 6.61 per cent, followed by Wipro (5.03 per cent), Infosys (4.51 per cent), TCS (3.46 per cent), Cipla (1.92 per cent), HDFC (1.21 per cent) and Gail (1.18 per cent).
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Realty fell by 3.52 per cent, followed by Metal (2.46 per cent), Bankex (1.80 per cent), Power (1.65 per cent), CG (1.53 per cent) and FMCG (1.52 per cent) while IT rose by 3.55 per cent, HC (3.20 per cent), Teck (2.80 per cent) and CD (2.70 per cent).
Mid-cap and Small-cap indices also rose by 1.24 per cent and 0.96 per cent, respectively on renewed demand from retail investors.
  The total turnover at BSE and NSE fell to Rs 9,237.07 crore and Rs 43,382.07 crore from the last weekend's level of Rs 17,646.48 crore and Rs 89,849.82 crore, respectively.

Teenaged bowler could make India historyKuldeep gets India call for West Indies series; Ashwin rested
The teenaged chinaman bowler has had a good run in the CLT20.
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 4 Oct, 2014 5:30 AM IST
0
Kuldeep Yadav
India's selectors have gambled on teenage chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav, who has had an impressive Champions League T20 campaign, in the 14-man squad for the first three ODIs against West Indies. The major changes in the squad came in the spin department, with lead spinner R Ashwin rested, Amit Mishra returning and legspinner Karn Sharma missing out.
Uncapped teenage wicketkeeper-batsman Sanju Samson who was part of the limited-overs squad in England has been left out, as have allrounder Stuart Binny and quick bowler Dhawal Kulkarni.
The India call-up marks a stunning rise for Kuldeep, who is yet to play a domestic one-dayer and whose entire senior experience consists of 8 Twenty20 matches. He was part of India's squad for the Under-19 World Cup earlier this year, but it was his six wickets at an economy rate of 6.62 for Kolkata Knight Riders in the CLT20 that looks to have earned him his national spot. His unorthodox style of bowling, coupled with an ability to bowl the wrong 'un have helped him keep his place in the Knight Riders side so far despite the presence of the senior pair of Sunil Narine and Piyush Chawla .
"Today is the day when my parents have been rewarded for the amount of sacrifices they made to make me a cricketer," Kuldeep told PTI. "I was disheartened and completely broken when the UP management didn't find me good enough to play Ranji Trophy. My parents and childhood coach consoled me a lot at that time. I started working harder and today, I am in the Indian team."
In Ashwin's absence from the national team, Kuldeep will have to contest for the second spinner's spot with legspinner Mishra, who missed the England series with an injury.
While the spin department had a reshuffle, there was little change in other areas of the squad, with no major surprises in the batting or the fast bowling. M Vijay, who flew to England as a replacement when Rohit Sharma got injured, remains in the side with Rohit still out injured.
India play the first of five ODIs against West Indies on October 8, in Kochi.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Gujarat govt to set up sports schools across stateGujarat govt to set up “sports schools” across state
PTI
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Oct 4:  
The Gujarat Chief Minister Anandi Patel today announced the setting up of dedicated schools for sports in all districts of the state in a view to groom budding talent.
“The state government will establish sports schools in each district and for that purpose a grant of more than Rs 33 crore has already been allocated,” an official statement quoted the Chief Minister as saying.
She was speaking after inaugurating the fourth edition of ’Khel Maha kumbh’, a state-level mega sporting event promoted by the government, in Bhavnagar district.
‘Khel Mahakumbh’ had been initiated by then chief minister Narendra Modi in 2010 to mark the golden jubilee of formation of Gujarat.
Patel said that her government will also set up a state-level table tennis and basketball academy in Bhavnagar and also a multi-purpose hall with an amount of Rs 15 crore for international championships.
The chief minister also announced a synthetic athletic track in Bhavnagar with an amount of Rs 6 crore, to provide training for budding athletes, besides Swami Vivekanand gyms and fitness centres at tehsil level.
“Khel Mahakumbh is not just about playing and winning but also about instilling the spirit of sportsmanship,” Patel said in a tweet later.
“Gujarat government believes in nurturing sporting abilities among youth and Khel Mahakumbh is one such platform; Inaugurated 4th edition,” she added.
(This article was published on October 4, 2014)
Related

Invest in UP: Akhilesh tells entrepreneursInvest in UP: Akhilesh tells entrepreneurs
PTI
Tweet
Agra, Oct 4:  
The Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav today asked entrepreneurs to invest in the state which was the largest market in the country.
Inaugurating a two-day conference of builders, he said urbanisation was taking place in the state in a big way and in places like Greater Noida and Noida residential and commercial projects were coming up, as in other parts of the state.
He said that it was his father and SP supremo Mulayam Singh who had given the concept of integrated township and he assured builders that his government was committed to helping them and their needs and concerns would be taken care of in the Housing Policy of 2014.
Like the Udyog Bandhu, the concept of Avas Bandhu would be developed and strengthened.
He said his party was conscious of the housing needs of the people, both in the urban and rural areas and as such many schemes had been initiated for villages.
He said the Agra-Lucknow Expressway was being constructed and land for it had been acquired.
For this the farmers’ fears would be allayed and four markets would be developed on the stretch from Agra to Lucknow.
With the completion of the Expressway, Delhi would be linked to Lucknow by the Expressway.
The CM said that all district headquarters in the state would be linked with four-lane roads.
His government was developing metros as well as giving help to cyclists, he said.
Besides roads, his government was coming up with hospitals on the AIIMS standard, while sainik schools had come up in Jhansi, Mainpuri and Amethi.
Varanasi was being developed like Kyoto in Japan, he said.
(This article was published on October 4, 2014)
Related

BJP has stabbed us in the back  says UddhavUpdated: October 5, 2014 03:19 IST
BJP has stabbed us in the back, says Uddhav
Priyanka Kakodkar
PTI Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray
TOPICS
state politics
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Saturday launched his most blistering attack on the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) since the split in the alliance.
“The BJP does not have leaders in Maharashtra and that’s why it has called Narendra Modi to campaign. Is he going to be the Chief Minister of Maharashtra?” he asked at a rally in Vidarbha’s Akola district.
Accusing the BJP of betraying the Shiv Sena by breaking the alliance, the Sena chief said, “During the Lok Sabha elections, we asked people to vote for Narendra Modi. It is unfortunate that today he is not asking for votes for the Shiv Sena.”
He accused the BJP of betraying the Shiv Sena and “stabbing us in the back.”
Mr. Thackeray said the Sena had stood by its ally for 25 years only to be let down.
“We supported you, but you kicked us. How can we trust you? The anger against that is evident in the corners of Maharashtra. That anger among the people is our capital.”
Mr. Thackeray accused the BJP of betraying other allies too, in a reference to the collapse of the alliance in Haryana.
“Before the Lok Sabha polls, you got close to your allies but later you decided you did not need them,” he said.
Moving away from Hindutva
Mr. Thackeray also accused the BJP of moving away from Hindutva. “The Shiv Sena stands for Hindutva, the Hindutva that you no longer seem to want,” he said.

Single party government in Maharashtra the need of the hour: Modi33
0
Aurangabad: Without making any direct mention of the Shiv Sena in his speech, Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his rally in Aurangabad, a strong bastion of Shiv Sena, indicated that the BJP will stay out of any alliance and appealed to the public to come out of the alliance mentality or mindset.
For the first time Narendra Modi expressed his views making it clear that he was also in favour of ending the 25-year-old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance. Modi tried to explain that a single party government with its clear-cut majority will be very decisive compared to the alliance governments. With the absolute majority at the Centre, Modi indirectly suggested that the days of the alliances and fronts have come to an end with the domination of BJP at the Centre. He reiterated his stand that in Maharashtra there should be a one party government and requested the people to elect 'Ek Party Sarkar'.
In Aurangabad, the Prime Minister highlighted that as a tourist capital, the city has inherited the rich heritage of Ajanta and Ellora. Tourism industry can give the employment to all, from Chaiwala (a word used to refer to Modi) to the five star hotel. He said that now the time has come to clean up the city as well as the politics. He appealed to the public at the end of his speech that there should not be any plastic bottles or dirt on the ground when they leave the meeting place.
For the first time Narendra Modi expressed his views making it clear that he was also in favour of ending the 25-year-old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance.
#narendra modi #bjp #congress #ncp
Modi started his 35 minute long election speech in Marathi and received a thunderous applause from the crowd. He mentioned the names of saints from Maharashtra, from Sant Eknath to Swami Ramanand Tirth. He said that Maharashtra is in fact the elder brother of Gujarat. However, in the past 15 years, the state has lost its number one position in the country but has gone down in its ranking as far as literacy, employment, hygiene, etc. are concerned. Maharashtra has always been number one in industry, social work, literature, and politics. However, because of the 15 years of Congress-NCP rule, the state has lost its glory and fame, Modi lamented.
He highlighted the Pantpradhan Jan Dhan Scheme and said that so far 4 crores accounts have been opened in the country. He appreciated the response of the poor people who have so far deposited Rs 3000 crores in their accounts when they were not expected as it is a zero balance account.
Modi did not even mention Shiv Sena. On the other hand, Shiv Sena leaders are criticising BJP in every meeting including the one at Akola. As usual, Modi tried to engage the mammoth crowd in his usual interactive style and got tremendous response from the audience.
Modi strongly criticised the Congress-NCP alliance and said that Rashtravadi Congress or NCP is actually a 'Bhrashtarvadi' Congress. The alliance had only one agenda and that was corruption, corruption and corruption, Modi said.
Reactions from the crowd indicate that they were expecting the criticism of Shiv Sena in the strong hold of Shiv Sena by Modi.
220

Modi hits campaign trail in Maharashtra  HaryanaComments
Five months after a highly successful Lok Sabha election campaign, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is back to doing what he does best — working the crowds, wooing them with his one-liners and boundless energy. His request: absolute majority for the BJP in Maharashtra and Haryana.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at an election campaign rally in in Karnal. (PTI photo)
Kicking off his campaign for the October 15 assembly polls on Saturday, Modi slipped easily into his role of champion vote-seeker at his first rally of the day — in the northern state’s Karnal district. Accusing the ruling Congress and opposition Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) of neglecting farmers and promoting goondaism, he appealed to voters to give the BJP a chance.
Alleging irregularities in land allotment, he asked, “Who among the poor has got a plot? ...But where have thousands of acres of land disappeared, who has taken this? Does Haryana want to settle the account?”
In a veiled attack on the INLD, he asked the people if they would like to be governed from jail. INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala, serving a jail sentence in a corruption case but currently out on bail, had said he’d take oath as CM from Tihar.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being presented with a momento during the election campaign rally in favour of BJP candidates in Aurangabad. (PTI Photo)
Promising development and jobs, he hinted that Karnal may be part of his 100 smart cities project. And carrying forward his Swachh Bharat mission, he said, “We may be living in the age of Hi-Fi and Wi-Fi but safai (cleanliness) is equally important.”
Ending the day in Mumbai, he told a crowd at the Mahalaxmi Race Course, “Mumbai and Maharashtra’s growth is important for the country’s growth. I can’t leave Mumbai helpless any longer. The city is the birthplace of the BJP, which has achieved so much in such a short time.”
Attacking the ruling Congress and its ally, the NCP, but choosing to ignore former ally Shiv Sena, Modi said, “Amitabh Bachchan hosts a TV show, Kaun Banega Crorepati, but these Congress and NCP leaders have been playing Kaun Banega Arabpati all these years. Did 15 years of Congress-NCP government do any good to you, to farmers, to the poor?”
Watch: Modi, sounds poll bugle, tells Haryana voters to oust Congress
“Believe me, I can change Mumbai and Maharashtra. This is the city where most terrorist attacks happened, where most communal riots happened. Who is responsible? Do you not want to get rid of this?”
Earlier, in Beed and Aurangabad in drought-affected central Maharashtra, he appealed to voters to work towards a majority government of the BJP.
At each of his rallies, the PM also made it a point to recall his American trip, telling people, “I think small, but I think of doing big things for small people. Did India’s name ever reverberate in the US before? It did this time, not because of Modi but because of its 125 crore people.”
The audience, hanging on to Modi’s every word, didn’t have time for other speakers. Karnal MP Ashwini Kumar Chopra Minna had to leave his address mid-way after being booed. “I know you all have come to listen to Modiji, I can talk to you some other day,” he said.
Empty vessels make the most noise: Sonia Gandhi
Barely two hours after his Karnal speech, Sonia hit out at Modi at a rally in Meham, saying “empty vessels make the most noise”.
“They are creating such an atmosphere as if nothing has happened in the country since Independence,” she said.
"Has inflation come down? Is the poor man getting food at cheaper rate? Have the unemployed got jobs?" she asked.
Over the next 10 days Modi will be on a campaign blitzkrieg in the two poll-bound states, with over 10 rallies in Haryana and more than 20 in Maharashtra.
With no local face in these two states, the BJP is banking heavily on him for campaigning, especially since the party split with its allies, the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and the Haryana Janhit Congress in Haryana.

77 per cent air passengers hooked to smart watches  glasses  reports surveyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The iPhone s bendy debateE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Michael B Jordan promises no cheesy Fantastic FouroutfitsPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 5, 2014 11:54 am
Actor Michael B Jordan has promised that ‘Fantastic Four will’ not feature “cheesy superhero outfits”.
The 27-year-old ‘Fruitvale Station’ actor praised his outfit in Josh Trank’s comic book reboot for 20th Century Fox, reported Daily Beast.
“I think it wasn’t on set, but it was during the fittingswhen I put on the full outfit and looked at myself in the mirror, and I was like, ‘Game on!’” he said.
“It was like, this is it! This is what it looks like. This is what it feels like. It felt good. I think we did a really good job at making it modern, new, fresh without going to the cheesy superhero outfits. We didn’t take the easy way out at all. So I didn’t mind it so much,” he added.
Kate Mara, Jamie Bell and Miles Teller will also star in the movie.

Grenade on PM s plane: 4 AI officials suspendedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Police fight back Hong Kong demonstratorsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Nissan India to launch Datsun GO+ MPV next yearNissan India to launch Datsun GO+ MPV next year
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 05, 2014 11:20 AM IST
Japanese auto major Nissan will drive in its second model from the Datsun portfolio, a multi- purpose vehicle Go+, in the first part of next year in India as part plans to enhance its presence here.
The company is looking to increase sales of both Nissan and Datsun branded vehicles in India to meet its target of capturing 8% market share in the country, although the timeline has been moved due to the slowdown witnessed in the automobile market in the past couple of years.
"The Datsun GO+ will be launched in the first part of next year," Nissan India operations President Guillaume Sicard told PTI without sharing details.
Sicard, who assumed the role last week, said the idea was to build up the presence of the Datsun brand in India.
In March this year, the Datsun brand made a global comeback with Nissan launching its entry level car 'Datsun Go' priced between Rs 3.12 lakh and Rs 3.70 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) in India.
"The Datsun (hatchback) has received positive response. The product is recognised as a quality product and its delivery is up to our expectations," he said.
The GO+ is a seven seater multi-purpose vehicle and is among the three models under the Datsun brand that Nissan has announced that it would launch by FY16.
It is expected to compete with the likes of Maruti Suzuki Ertiga, Honda Mobilio and General Motors' Enjoy.
On Nissan's ambitions in India, Sicard said: "We want to increase the sales of our two brands -- Nissan and Datsun. Today we are at full speed, we want to continue to grow further."
In the April-September period of the current fiscal, Nissan has registered sales of 25,741 units, as against 12,515 units in the same period last fiscal, up 105.68%.
Sicard said the aim would be to meet the target of capturing 8% market share in India as part of global aim of the company to have similar market share 2016-17 earlier.
However, due to a global slowdown in the automobile market in the company has stated that reaching the target could be delayed.
The Indian passenger vehicle market stood at 2.5 million units last year and Nissan had 1.3% market share.
Sicard said the production capacity at the Chennai plant of the Renault-Nissan alliance has been expanded to up to 4.8 lakh units annually from 4 lakh earlier, which could meet requirements for the next two years.

CLT20 2014: Suryakumar Yadav reported for illegal bowlingactionKKR's off spinner Suryakumar Yadav is now the fifth bowler to be reported for an illegitimate action.  (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:12 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 12:39 pm
Suryakumar Yadav has been reported for a suspect illegal bowling action, becoming the fifth bowler to be called in the just concluded Champions League Twenty20 tournament.
Yadav, Kolkata Knight Riders’ part-time off-spinner, was reported during his side’s defeat in the last night’s final against Chennai Super Kings and has been placed on the ‘warning list’.
“After all video evidence of the match was taken into account, on-field umpires Rod Tucker and Kumar Dharmasena along with third umpire S. Ravi felt that there was a flex action in his elbow beyond the acceptable limit when bowling during the match,” a release stated.
Before Yadav, his team-mate Sunil Narine, Dolphins’ Prenelan Subrayen and Adnan Rasool and Mohammed Hafeez of Lahore Lions were also reported for illegal action.
Under the CLT20 Suspected Illegal Bowling Action policy, Yadav may request an Official Assessment from the BCCI Suspect Bowling Action Committee.
If a player receives a report while on the warning list, the player shall be suspended from bowling in any matches organised by the BCCI until such date as he is cleared.
A player suspended from bowling may continue to be selected to play in matches, however he will not be entitled to bowl.
On-field umpires Tucker and Dharmasena felt that there was a flex action in his elbow beyond the acceptable limit

OTC drug market to reach $6.6 billion by 2016Over the counter drug market to reach $6.6 billion by 2016
PTI Oct 5, 2014, 11.52AM IST
Tags:
'Make In India' campaign
(Pharma companies have increased…)
NEW DELHI: The over the counter (OTC) drug market in India is expected to grow to $6.6 billion by 2016 with pharma companies and chemists increasing their presence in the rural market.
India's OTC drug market stood at $3 billion in 2011 and a "rise to $6.6 billion is forecast by 2016," according to a sectoral document for Pharmaceuticals industry under the 'Make In India' campaign .
Pharma companies have increased spending to tap rural markets and develop better infrastructure. The market share of hospitals is expected to increase from 13.1 per cent in 2009 to 26 per cent in 2020, it added.
"With increasing penetration of chemists, especially in rural areas, OTC drugs will be readily available," the document said.
The purported rise of lifestyle diseases in the country is expected to boost the industry sales figures, it added.
Highlighting the size of Indian pharmaceuticals market, the document said that "India is the sixth largest market globally in terms of size," and is "expected to rank amongst the top three pharmaceutical markets in terms of incremental growth by 2020".
Besides the growing domestic market, the Indian drug companies will also see tremendous opportunities arising out of huge surge in the generic drugs as an estimated $255 billion worth of patent medicines are to go off-patent between 2011 and 2016, the document said.
India's pharmaceuticals industry accounts for about 2.4 per cent of the global pharma industry by value and 10 per cent by volume.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FII inflows in equities hit 7-month low of Rs 5 100 cr in Septequities
(Foreign investors were…)
NEW DELHI: Overseas investors have pumped in a little over Rs 5,100 crore in Indian equity markets in September, making it the lowest net investment in seven months.
Foreign investors were gross buyers of equities worth Rs 93,493 crore last month, while they sold shares amounting to Rs 88,391 crore - translating into a net investment of Rs 5,102 crore (USD 845 million) for the period, as per the latest data.
This was the lowest net investment by foreign investors in equity markets since February when they had infused Rs 1,404 crore.
Market analysts said the government's decision to defer gas price hike coupled with the Supreme Court's verdict on cancellation of coal blocks provided foreign investors some reason to offload shares.
Foreign investors are still upbeat on the Indian equity market , they added.
However, overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) continued to bet on the debt market and poured in close to Rs 16,000 crore (USD 2.6 billion) in this segment.
Since the beginning of this year, foreign investors have infused a net amount of Rs 83,438 crore (USD 14 billion) into the share market , while they invested a net of Rs 1.18 lakh crore into the debt market (USD 19.6 billion).
Strong inflows in the previous months have taken the cumulative net investments of foreign investors into Indian capital markets (equity and debt) to USD 204 billion, or Rs 9.88 lakh crore, in nearly 22 year period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coal Ministry sets up IMG to study rail freight tariffOct 05, 2014 at 11:37am IST
Coal Ministry sets up IMG to study rail freight tariff
6
0
New Delhi: The Coal Ministry has formed an inter-ministerial group to study the trend in the rail freight tariffs over the last two-three years and its impact on the price of coal.
The six-member group, under the chairmanship of Joint Secretary, Coal, has representatives from the ministries of power and railways, according to an official memorandum.
Representatives from Coal India and the Central Electricity Authority are also part of this group, it said. "The terms of reference of the group would be to study the trends in rail freight tariffs over the last two-three years and its effect on the price of coal," it said.
The previous UPA government had increased the coal freight rate by 5.7 per cent in Railway Budget 2013-14.
#coal ministry #coal india #rail freight tariff #central electricity authority
The group will make a report and submit it to the government, it said. The government had in June increased freight rates by 6.5 per cent. The previous UPA government had increased the coal freight rate by 5.7 per cent in Railway Budget 2013-14.
Former Coal India (CIL) Chairman and Managing Director S Narsing Rao had said: "Coal sector, including Coal India, will have no effect due to increase in coal freight charges." Coal India, which accounts for over 80 per cent of the domestic coal production, had increased the price of a certain grade of coal from one of its mines in Godda district of Jharkhand in April.
The increase has been with effect from April 1 as per the decision taken by the Coal India board.
1

India needs more world-class gold refineries to attract FDIThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Government Looking at Merging Commodity Market Regulator With Sebi: ReportThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian cos using digital marketing for comp...You are here: Home > Collections > India
'Indian companies using digital marketing for competitive advantage'
PTI Oct 5, 2014, 12.24PM IST
(Adobe Managing Director…)
NEW DELHI: A growing number of marketers in India are leveraging digital marketing to increase their competitive advantage, a research by Adobe and CMO Council has revealed.
According to the study, India leads in the confidence in digital marketing as a driver of competitive advantage.
Ninety-six per cent of the Indian marketers have high confidence in the ability of digital marketing to drive competitive advantage. It is among the highest in Asia-Pacific APAC with only Australia leading with 97 per cent, the research said.
However, while Indian marketers believe that the key driver to adopting digital is a growing internet population (70 per cent in India against 59 per cent in APAC), their belief that customer preference and digital dependence drive the adoption of digital, and that digital can engage the audience, is lower than the APAC averages, it added.
The 2014 Adobe APAC Digital Marketing Performance Dashboard was compiled through quantitative surveys with over 800 marketers across the region.
Marketers from Australia, Korea, China, India, Hong Kong, Singapore and other countries were covered.
"However, while India is an emerging leader in Digital Marketing, it has dipped in its own performance this year as compared to the previous year. It is important to note that India scored much higher than the APAC average last year," it said.
Adobe Managing Director South Asia Umang Bedi said that customer preference and digital dependence would increase along with the increase in penetration of internet in the Indian market.
"Therefore, what would matter is how the Indian marketers are able to increase engagement and activate audience through digital marketing. This presents challenges in programme planning, execution and most importantly measurement," he added.
The study also revealed that compared to their APAC counterparts, Indian marketers are receiving lesser support from channel and sales teams for increasing digital spends.
However they are doing better as compared to last year suggesting that departments that have a customer interface are realising the importance of digital marketing in augmenting their efforts.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Plan projects in for a hard grindUpdated: October 5, 2014 12:36 IST
Plan projects in for a hard grind
N. J. Nair
Tweet
The government decision to alter the system of clearing monthly grants to local self-government institutions is likely to derail the execution of Plan projects and affect their fiscal autonomy.
A general purpose fund for meeting the recurring commitments such as salary and routine expenses as well as the development and maintenance funds for creating and maintaining assets for each LSGI are finalised and apportioned in the budget every year. The general purpose fund will be split into 12 equal instalments and the development and maintenance funds into 10 equal instalments and deposited in the treasury public account of the LSGIs.
The devolution of funds is based on the State Finance Commission recommendations.
The government, as part of its recent efforts to rein in revenue deficit, has scrapped the system and decided to sanction funds against the actual expenditure incurred by each civic body as in the case of other departments, which in effect means that after completing each project, the civic bodies will have to present bills for payment from the treasury.
The new system has been introduced on the premise that huge unspent balances of the LSGIs are contributing to the revenue deficit.
The decision is feared to have a direct bearing on the financial autonomy of the civic bodies and also impede the project implementation process. The lapses on the part of certain civic bodies in efficiently expending the sanctioned funds have also been cited as a reason for shifting to the new system.
Matters of concern
Official sources told The Hindu here that as in the case of the mounting bills of civil works executed by the Public Works Department, those furnished by the civic bodies too would have to wait endlessly for clearance.
Civic bodies would not be able to plan their development activities in the wake of the cut in monthly allocation and their fiscal autonomy too would be at stake.
If the government imposed curbs on treasury payments, the entire development process would grind to a halt at the grassroots level. Rather than opting for such drastic measures, the government should have made the LSGIs spent their allocation in a transparent and efficient manner, the sources said.

PM launches Swachh Bharat AbhiyaanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Driven by 20-25% growth  e-commerce sector likely to add 1.5 lakh jobs in 2-3 yearsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

This share will hit 140-145 within one monthNew Member
3 Followers
No way sir...It is heading towards 70 - 80 range... If my prediction is wrong after a month, please tell me, I will accept that my analysis was wrong..
1.10 PM Oct 10th

Index outlook: Skating on thin iceThe Sensex and Nifty declined sharply last week. But key supports are still holding
September 27, 2014:  
The high-octane action in the stock market last week is likely to be followed by a more subdued week. The limelight will be on Raghuram Rajan in the truncated week, as he unveils the Reserve Bank of India’s next monetary policy move on Tuesday.
Faint cracks appeared in market sentiment last week with mid- and small-cap stocks taking a deep cut. The action over the next two weeks will be critical to determine if the long-awaited correction has finally set in.
Uncertainty and turbulence returned to global markets last week. Fear of the US Federal Reserve hiking interest rates, concerns on the health of the Chinese economy and the unresolved political impasse in Ukraine pulled most global markets lower.
Indian markets were also buffeted by the volatility caused by the expiry of the September derivative contracts. Further, the upcoming holidays would have made traders and investors take money off the table.
The Supreme Court deciding to cancel the allocation of 214 coal blocks made the stocks of the affected companies dive. The launching of the Make in India campaign and the forthcoming visit to the US were other factors that kept investors diverted.
The reversal in global sentiment is a little worrying. The strengthening dollar does not bode well for equities in emerging markets. According to EPFR Global, Emerging Markets Equity Funds posted back-to-back weeks of outflows for the first time since March.
Foreign portfolio investors turned net sellers in equity market last week and their tally for September so far is just $848 million. If this reversal in sentiment continues, equity prices could be hurt further.
Oscillators in the daily chart are declining but they have already reached oversold territory implying the possibility of a short-term turnaround. It is the weekly oscillators that need to be more closely monitored. Weekly price rate of change oscillator is falling towards the zero line. A move in to the negative zone will make the medium term view negative.
Sensex (26,626.3)
The Sensex hit the intra-week high of 27,256.9 before plunging lower.
The week ahead: We have a double-top formation on the daily chart. But this can be part of a flat consolidation pattern before the index takes off higher again. The action next week is, therefore, important to determine the medium-term trend.
If Friday’s rally fails to move past 26,887, it will mean that the index will decline to 26,220 or 26,032 in the week ahead.
The index needs to fall below 25,233 to make the short-term trend negative.
If the Sensex gets past 26,887, next targets are 27,354 and 27,531.
Medium-term trend: The Sensex continues to trade above the 26,000 support indicated last week. But deterioration in weekly oscillators is a cause for worry.
Key medium-term support stays at 24,500. Medium-term target on a close above 27,400 stays at 28,400.
Nifty (7,968.8)
The short-term trend in the Nifty too is beginning to look weak.
The week ahead: The Nifty reversed higher after testing the 50-day moving average on Friday. The guideposts for the days ahead are:
The rally will face immediate resistance at 8,032. Failure to move above this level will be the cue for traders to initiate fresh short positions with the stop loss at 8,050. Downward targets are 7,790 and 7,718.
A sharp fall below 7,718 will mean that the index is heading towards 7,540. Investors need to panic only if this level is breached. If Nifty gets past 8,032, next targets are 8,180 and 8,236.
Medium-term trend: We retain a positive medium-term view for the Nifty. If the index manages to hold above 7,800 next week, it will be positive for this time-frame.
The medium-term view will stay positive as long as the index trades above 7,000.
Global cues
Most global markets sold off in the early part of the week. But they recovered on Friday to reduce the weekly loss to some extent. CBOE volatility index spiked to 16.7 during the week as investors worried about the impending interest rate hike in the US.
The Dow hit the high of 17,277 before declining to 17,000. The recovery on Friday helped the index close with less than 1 per cent loss.
As explained last week, the index has key short-term support at 17,000.
Recovery above this level will mean that it is heading towards 17,500 or 17,700 in the coming weeks.
Short-term trend will be threatened only on a close below 16,300.
The dollar index moved higher last week, breaking past the hurdle at 85. It now faces the next resistance at 89, that is the peak formed in November 2010.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Not so golden week for Hong Kong shopsNot so golden week for Hong Kong shops
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/598a7152-4ab4-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ISIS Fighters Surround Syria s Kobani As Kurds Warn Of MassacreISIS Fighters Surround Syria's Kobani As Kurds Warn Of Massacre
Reuters  | By                                                                Ayla Jean Yackley and Tom Perry
Posted:
reddit
SURUC, Turkey/BEIRUT, Oct 3 (Reuters) - The main Kurdish armed group in Syria called on its kinsmen across the region to help it stop a massacre in the Syrian town of Kobani as Islamic State militants armed with tanks edged closer on its outskirts and pummel it with artillery fire.
Islamic State's battlefield gains in recent months have come as Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's forces have focussed on other rebel groups. On Friday the army advanced on the city of Aleppo further west, threatening rebel supply lines in a potentially major reversal.
U.S.-led forces have been bombing Islamic State targets in Syria and Iraq but the action has done little to stop the group's advance in northern Syria towards the Turkish border, piling pressure on Ankara to intervene.
Canada said it would send fighter jets and other aircraft to take part in the U.S.-led strikes on Islamic State in Iraq for a period of up to six months.
Turkey said it would do what it could to prevent Kobani, a predominantly Kurdish town just over its southern border, from falling into Islamic State. It has stopped short of committing to any direct military intervention and Syria warned on Friday against any Turkish "aggression" on its territory.
A statement issued by the YPG, the main Kurdish armed group, vowed "never ending" resistance to Islamic State in its advance on Kobani. "Every street and house will be a grave for them."
"Our call to all the young men and women of Kurdistan ... is to come to be part of this resistance."
DESTRUCTION
Esmat al-Sheik, head of the Kurdish forces defending Kobani, said the distance between his fighters and the insurgents was now less than one kilometer (half a mile).
"We are in a small, besieged area. No reinforcements reached us and the borders are closed," he told Reuters by phone. "My expectation is for general killing, massacres and destruction."
Islamic State has carved out swathes of eastern Syria and western Iraq in a drive to create a caliphate between the Euphrates and the Tigris rivers. Kobani's resistance has prevented it from consolidating territory across Syria's north.
Fighting continued after the sun set, with artillery strikes on residential areas east and southwest of Kobani's center. Kurds returned fire, and red tracer bullets targeting Islamic State strongholds east of the city flew over rooftops, a Reuters correspondent on the Turkish side of the border said.
Remzi Savas, 53, smoked a cigarette and listened to the gunfire over the border.
"My son is over there, he crossed through a minefield to get there. He is just 14. There are many children fighting for the YPG, we can't hold them back. They think they'll lose everything if Kobani falls."
The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 80 shells had hit the town, known as Ayn al-Arab in Arabic, and there were heavy clashes in the east and southeast.
The fighting has driven Kurds from across northern Syria from their homes across the border into Turkey.
"It's a dramatic humanitarian tragedy as we have all witnessed," U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres said in Geneva. "It's the largest single outflow of Syrians in a few days, 160,000 people."
ALEPPO ENCIRCLED
Further west, a Syrian army advance threatened to take the last main rebel supply route leading into Aleppo from the north and reverse two years of gains by Assad's foes.
"They are going to encircle Aleppo," said Abu Abdo Salabman, a member of the political office of the Mujahideen Army, a rebel group viewed as part of the moderate opposition to Assad.
"They are bombing us non-stop," said Salabman, who was not using his real name. "They are marching on us and the regime air force is non-stop."
The Syrian army has taken control of three villages, state television said, in a campaign by Assad's forces that could encircle insurgents in the city.
Although there are smaller, more indirect routes into Aleppo, taking the northern road would also allow the army to besiege areas of the city which fell to insurgents in 2011, a tactic it used to retake Homs city in May.
Assad's forces are fighting a mixture of rebel groups in Syria, including Islamic State but also a mix of western-backed forces in a conflict which has killed nearly 200,000 people.
This year, Washington and its allies have shifted focus in Syria from battling Assad to combating Islamic State.
The U.S. military said coalition forces carried out strikes in Iraq and Syria overnight on Thursday. In Syria they destroyed an Islamic State garrison, two of the militant group's tanks and hit two mobile oil refineries and a training camp.
In Iraq, government forces recaptured the town of Dhuluiya, about 70 km (45 miles) north of Baghdad, which had been under siege by Islamic State.
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi called on Iraq's bickering political factions to unite. In a message to mark the Muslim holy feast of Eid, he said the battle against Islamic State would continue to the end.
TURKISH DILEMMA
Village by village, Kurdish forces in northern Iraq have regained around half the territory they gave up in August when Islamic State militants tore through their defenses in the northwest, prompting the United States to launch air strikes in September, its first since 2011.
Turkey, however, insists the air strikes alone will not contain the Islamic State threat, and wants simultaneous action to be taken against Assad's government, including the creation of a no-fly zone on the Syrian side of the border.
Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said Turkey would do what it could to prevent Kobani from falling to the militants but stopped short of committing to the sort of intervention Kurds have called for.
"We wouldn't want Kobani to fall. We'll do whatever we can to prevent this from happening," Davutoglu said in a discussion with journalists broadcast on the A Haber television station.
Parliament gave the government powers on Thursday to order cross-border military incursions against Islamic State, and to allow forces of the U.S.-led foreign coalition to launch similar operations from Turkish territory.
Syria said Turkey's decision was an act of aggression which could have "catastrophic consequences."
But Davutoglu appeared to pull back from any suggestion that Turkey was planning a military incursion, saying this could drag Ankara into a wider conflict along its 900 km (560-mile) border.
Ankara fears intervention could worsen security on its border by strengthening Assad and bolstering Kurdish fighters linked to the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state. (Additional reporting by Oliver Holmes in Beirut, Selin Bucak in Istanbul, Tulay Karadeniz in Ankara, Isabel Coles in Hassan Sham, Iraq, and Raheem Salman and Yara Bayoumy in Baghdad, Stephanie Nebenhay in Geneva; Writing by Nick Tattersall and Sylvia Westall; Editing by David Stamp and Giles Elgood)
Related on HuffPost:

Rockets co-founders aim high© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dbc75aea-4ae1-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hong Kongs pain  Singapores gainFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Protesters rally to defy street attacks  threats from govtA pro-democracy student protester scales a traffic light pole in defiance to local residents in Mong Kok Friday night. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Hongkong | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:00 am
Pro-democracy protesters were defiant in the face of attacks by opponents and warnings by the Hong Kong government to clear the streets, staging a massive rally Saturday evening in the downtown business district they’ve occupied for a week.
“Democracy now! Democracy in Hong Kong!” thousands chanted as speakers from the movement seeking wider political reforms for this former British colony urged them to persist in their campaign. The rally lasted hours, with participants at times clapping and cheering as a stream of speakers and singers addressed them and performed popular songs.
“We are not seeking revolution. We just want democracy!” said Joshua Wong, a 17-year-old student leader. “We hope there will be no violence,” he said. “It would be unfortunate if this movement ended with bloodshed and violence.”
After the rally ended, people grew nervous due to rumors that police would act to clear out the protesters in the middle of the night. But big crowds still filled the protest area after midnight.
Standoffs between the protesters and their antagonists grew ugly during the day, as the two sides traded insults and at times taunted police.  The city’s leader said streets occupied by the protest must be opened back up by Monday.
Although the mostly student-led protesters have stuck to their pledges of non-violence, holding up their arms to show peaceful resistance, some shouted abuse at people who gathered to challenge their occupation of a major street in the gritty, blue-collar Mong Kok district, home to many migrants from the Chinese mainland.
“Go back to the mainland,” some shouted, cursing them in the local dialect of Cantonese.
Minor skirmishes broke out constantly, broken up by police or bystanders. Adding to the disorder, some residents dumped water from their apartments onto the people below.
The students accused police of failing to protect them from attacks Friday by mobs intent on driving them away, shouting “Black Police!” a reference to their claim that the police had allied with criminal gangs, to clear out the protesters. The claim was vehemently denied by the government.
Chief Secretary Leung Chun-ying, appeared on TV Saturday evening to once again urge everyone to go home, saying things needed to be normal by Monday.

Narendra Modi  Sonia Gandhi spar during election ralliesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Anchorage Asks Court to Stop Ride-Sharing CompanyAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Clean India drive: Air travellers body flays DGCA order to airlines'Don't ask airlines to get involved in this movement'
Mumbai, Oct 5:  
Slamming a DGCA directive to airlines to collect “donations” from passengers for cleanliness drive at airports and aircraft, the apex air travellers body today urged the aviation ministry to withdraw the decree at the earliest.
In a letter to Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju, Air Passenger Association of India (APAI), also suggested that such funds could be raised by adding a nominal amount of Rs 10-25 in the passenger service fee component, which is collected by the airport operators.
“We strongly believe that a small amount of Rs 10 or Rs 15 or Rs 25 may be asked to be collected by all the operational airports in the country as an additional surcharge in the passenger service fee component. This amount will run into several crores and can be collected without causing any pain or inconvenience to any of the passengers,” APAI president D Sudhakar Reddy said in the letter.
Observing that all airlines were “bleeding except one or two and they have accumulated losses of $10.6 billion in the past 7 years”, he questioned, “is it fair to direct airlines to get involved in this movement when they are struggling for their own existence.”
Reddy said the best way to raise funds towards the campaign would be to ask the airports, which cater to a large number of volumes in terms of passenger traffic, to collect it.
Terming the directive as “misguided”, he said it must be withdrawn forthwith.
Noting that the airlines have also been asked to spread awareness about cleanliness campaign by making announcements on domestic flights and highlighting it through ads in boarding passes and even videos, the APAI chief said, “The regulator also wants airlines to adopt villages and call them for construction of toilets.”
“We believe that except making announcements, the airlines should not be asked to get involved in this campaign in any other manner,” Reddy said but termed Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Swachh Bharat campaign as a “noble cause”.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

FIIs net investment in equities sink to Rs 5 100 cr in SeptFIIs net investment in equities sinks to Rs 5,100 cr in Sept
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 5:  
Overseas investors have pumped in a little over Rs 5,100 crore in Indian equity markets in September, making it the lowest net investment in seven months.
Foreign investors were gross buyers of equities worth Rs 93,493 crore last month, while they sold shares amounting to Rs 88,391 crore — translating into a net investment of Rs 5,102 crore (USD 845 million) for the period, as per the latest data.
This was the lowest net investment by foreign investors in equity markets since February when they had infused Rs 1,404 crore.
Market analysts said the government’s decision to defer gas price hike coupled with the Supreme Court’s verdict on cancellation of coal blocks provided foreign investors some reason to offload shares.
Foreign investors are still upbeat on the Indian equity market, they added.
However, overseas investors (Foreign institutional investors, sub—accounts or foreign portfolio investors) continued to bet on the debt market and poured in close to Rs 16,000 crore ($2.6 billion) in this segment.
Since the beginning of this year, foreign investors have infused a net amount of Rs 83,438 crore ($14 billion) into the share market, while they invested a net of Rs 1.18 lakh crore into the debt market (USD 19.6 billion).
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

iBall Windows Slide WQ32 review: Workable Windows 8.1 tabletoptioniBall Windows Slide WQ32 is priced Rs 16,999
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:17 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 12:41 pm
There has been a literal flurry of affordable Windows 8.1 tablets in the market, thanks to the push from Microsoft and Intel. Most of them try and sell themselves as affordable replacements for the laptop and not as standalone tablets. But how easy is it using one of these tablets, without a keyboard to work on? I lived with the new iBall Windows Slide – WQ32 tablet for a week. Here is what I thought.
Specs: 8-inch (1280x800p) IPS display | Intel Atom 1.83 GHz Z3735D processor  | 2GB RAM | 16 GB internal memory + 64GB external | 5MP rear camera, 2MP front | 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4, Micro HDMI | 14Wh Polymer Battery | Windows 8.1
Price: Rs 16,999
Design: This iBall Slide has a regular run-of-the-mill design. Without the Windows home button you would not be able to differentiate this from an Android tablet. The micro-US and micro-HDMI ports are on top, the power and volume keys on the right and the flap covering the SIM and micro-DS card slots just under it. The bezel is quite wide on all sides. Thankfully, the body does not feel like its made of plastic.
Screen: The WQ32 has a HD screen, which you are tempted to think will be an issue with Windows 8. But this one is quite good. The tiles appear sharp even when you have pinched all of them into the screen. However, it reflects a bit of light and that can be irritating at times. Also, this isn’t the best screen to use under the sun. The big negative with the screen is the touch, which is not the greatest around. Certainly not at this price point.
Performance: Performance didn’t seem to be much of an issue with this tablet. It is fast and sprightly and up to all tasks you set it. Multi-tasking is easy as with Windows 8.1 you can just swipe from the left edge to go back to the last running app. Not once did the tab hesitate as I cycled through multiple apps. The tablet also does not heat up when in use, even for long hours.
Software: This is the tricky part for me. Windows 8.1, despite having been designed for a mobile world, does not adapt itself according to the scenario. For instance, in a vertical orientation the tiles are spread wide to your right. There has to be a better way to lay out the tiles, automatically, when you change the orientation. On the other hand, the OS is perfect when you have a wider screen to play with. The other issue is with the desktop mode. It is as if you are programmed to use that of Windows only with a keyboard. I was lost and didn’t know what I could do with the desktop when using continued…

Exports of 8 key agri products enter negativ...Exports of 8 in 13 key agriculture products enter negative zone
PTI Oct 5, 2014, 11.56AM IST
Tags:
agriculture products
(In order to boost agri-exports,…)
NEW DELHI: Exports of several agriculture products including rice , spices and tobacco have registered negative growth in August mainly due to decline in prices in the global commodity market.
Tea, coffee, cereals, cashew and oil meals too recorded negative growth during the month.
In all, 8 out of 13 main agriculture products that are closely monitored by the Commerce Ministry, were in the negative zone.
"Prices of agri-produce in the global market is generally depressed due to over supply. But, on the other hand, prices here are much above the global prices making domestic market a better option than exports," said Ajay Sahai, DG & CEO of Federation of Indian Export Organisations .
"These twin factors are primarily responsible for decline in exports of many agri commodities," he added.
During the month, exports of rice, spices and tobacco declined by 3.15 per cent to $ 600 million, 2.18 per cent to $ 227 million and 14.7 per cent to $ 73 million respectively, according to the data of the Commerce Ministry.
Other products which have reported negative growth include tea (6.72 per cent), coffee (10.5 per cent), cereals (50.6 per cent), cashew (1.82 per cent) and oil meals (64.3 per cent).
Decline in these exports is a key factor for slow growth in India's overall merchandise exports. Growth rate of India's exports slipped to 5-month low of 2.35 per cent in August at $ 26.95 billion, pushing up the trade deficit to $ 10.83 billion.
Agri-products account for over 10 per cent of the country's total exports.
As per estimates, outbound shipments of agri-produce in 2010-11 amounted $ 17.35 billion; $ 27.43 billion in 2011-12; $ 31.86 billion in 2012-13 and about $ 45 billion in 2013-14.
In order to boost agri-exports, the Commerce Ministry is asking exporters to explore new markets and ship value-added products.
Sectors which grew at a healthy rate in August include oil seeds (37.2 per cent), fruits and vegetables (3.46 per cent), processed items (6.71 per cent), marine products (35.5 per cent) and meat, dairy and poultry items (37.2 per cent).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Performance in comedy missing these days  says JohnnyLeverPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:36 pm
Veteran comic actor Johnny Lever says comedy, which is more of a performance based art, is missing from films now.
The 57-year-old actor, who was last seen in comic caper ‘Entertainment’, says genuine comedy has been replaced by dialogues and punches in films these days.
“Performance in comedy these days is missing. It is all punches and dialogues that is being served as comedy in films nowadays,” Johnny told PTI.
“Comedy is more an art of body language and gestures — it is more a performance of an artist than the lines given to him/her,” he added.
During his recent visit to the Capital, Johnny, who has appeared in over 250 Hindi films, reasoned that the “lack of performance” leads actors and writers to construe double-meaning dialogues as comedy.
“This lack of performance could be seen as the reason why actors and writers get ‘misguided’ and are deviated to serve double meaning dialogues and other antics in the name of comedy. The level of comic performance has certainly gone downover the years. Artists like Mehmood, Dilip Kumar, Amitabh Bachchan are performers… they are born in centuries,” Johhny said.
“You see in comedy – performance is the cake and dialogue is like the icing on that cake. But now what we see is only icing and no cake,” he added.

Japan volcano victims leave photos of lastmomentsPlumes of smoke and ash billow from Mount Ontake as it continues to erupt for the third day in Otaki village, in Nagano prefecture, Japan (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Tokyo | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:33 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 1:16 pm
The victims include hiking enthusiasts from a major insurance company. Members of a group of nature lovers studying wild plants. A construction manager who snapped about 100 photos – found on his scratched and dented camera – to show his wife what she was missing because she had to work that day.
More than 50 people died when Mount Ontake, a popular hiking destination in central Japan, erupted without warning on Sept. 27 in the country’s deadliest volcanic eruption since World War II.
Together, they paint a typical picture of weekend recreational hikers in Japan. A few children and senior citizens, but mostly middle-aged working people enjoying the first Saturday of the fall foliage season.
Most were between 30 and 59 years old, and lived within a few hours’ drive or train ride from the mountain. Three were children, and only five were 60 or older.
“The best season for the leaves just started, the weather was beautiful, it was the weekend, and it was lunchtime,” said Masahito Ono, a Nagano prefecture tourism official.
File photo found in a camera possessed by 59-year-old hiker Izumi Noguchi, a construction worker, who fell victim to the eruption of Mount Ontake, and was offered to Kyodo News by his wife, Hiromi, Friday (Source: AP)
Hiking has become one of Japan’s most popular outdoor activities. The core fans are middle-age climbers with some experience, but there’s a growing number of beginners: health-conscious senior citizens and fashionable women who sport a casual “mountain girl” look. The number of hikers in Nagano surged to 730,000 last year, a 30 percent increase from five years ago.
With modest slopes and a ropeway that takes visitors part way up, 3,067-meter (10,062-foot) Mount Ontake is one of the easier climbs in the region, recommended as a day-trip for beginners. Several hundred people are believed to have been on the mountain when it erupted at 11:52 a.m.
Rescuers have found 51 bodies, and at least a dozen other people are still missing. Most of the bodies were found at the summit, with others on a trail a short way down.
Photo found in a smart phone possessed by 41-year-old hiker Hideomi Takahashi who fell victim to the eruption of Mount Ontake, and was uploaded on twitter by his friend Thursday, Oct. 2 (Source: AP)

Amitabh Bachchan proud to be part of filmindustryPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:31 pm
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan , who has starred in more than 180 movies in a career spanning more than four decades, says he is proud to be a part of the film industry which integrates people.
“Cinema in today’s times is perhaps the only integrator left, in this fast disintegrating world… Proud to be in its fraternity,” the 71-year-old actor posted on twitter.
Amitabh Bachchan is currently shooting for Vidhu Vinod Chopra-produced film, which is being directed by Bejoy Nambiar and also stars Farhan Akhtar and Aditi Rao Hydari.
He recently wrapped up shooting for R Balki’s directorial venture ‘Shamitabh’.

Shah Rukh Khan presented with Global DiversityAwardPress Trust of India | London | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:26 pm
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan was presented with the Global Diversity Award 2014 for his outstanding achievements in the field of cinema and his involvement in philanthropic endeavours.
Receiving the coveted award from Speaker of Britain’s House of Commons, the Rt Hon John Bercow at a special ceremony held in the House of Commons last night, the 48-year-old actor described it as a “big honour.”
“This is a special day for me and I am very humbled to receive the award instituted by Rainbow Foundation,” Shah Rukh said.
Noting that he came from a humble background, the actor said he has been working for the last 33 years.
“My first visit to England was when I was 27 in connection with the first film ‘Baazigar’. I have got lot more than I deserved.”
He said the award would inspire him to work a lot more for the community, particularly the neglected community. “I will try to do in a small away, whatever I can,” he said.
Rt Hon Keith Vaz, Founder of the Rainbow Foundation, said, “Shah Rukh Khan is regarded as one of the most famous actors on planet earth.”
“He has already featured in several films and won 14 Filmfare awards out of 30 he was nominated including eight best actor awards. He is also active in the fields of charity, particularly helping women who have suffered acid attacks,” Bercow said.
Previous recipients of the award are Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan, actress Aishwarya Rai, Prime Minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina, American civil rights leader Jesse Jackson, Formula One racer Lewis Hamilton, Jackie Chan, music legend Dionne Warwick among others.

Margarita  With A Straw a very personal film: ShonaliBosePrint
The movie stars Kalki Koechlin in the lead.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:52 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 1:10 pm
The sexuality of disabled people is often ignored and that’s what inspired director Shonali Bose to come up with ‘Margarita, With A Straw’, a gentle coming-of-age story about a woman afflicted with cerebral palsy.
Bose says her second directorial venture, starring Kalki Koechlin in the lead, is a culmination of her own experiences and that of her cousin Malini, who has cerebral palsy.
“The sexuality of people with disability is ignored by us. Somehow we don’t believe that they would have the same emotional and physical needs that normal people have. My film is a coming-of-age story about one such woman’s journey of finding love,” Bose told PTI in an interview.
The ‘Amu’ helmer, who won the global filmmaking award at Sundance for her script, says the story went through many changes after that.
“I realised that I was looking at my protagonist through my sister’s eyes and that changed later. I started looking at the character through my own eyes. Many of her experiences are actually mine,” she says.
The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival to encouraging reviews and was picked among the 16 films to watch out for by festival director Cameron Bailey, who called it “an exceptional portrait of a woman discovering what she wants, and how to get it.”
The film is next headed to Busan and BFI London film festivals.
Bose, 49, reveals she and co-director Nilesh Maniyar must have gone through more than 40 drafts to finalise the script.
Raising money for the unusual project was another challenge that they had to overcome.
“Viacom 18 has given half of the money and they are releasing the film in February. Another big production house from India agreed to come on board for the other half but they pulled out just 10 days before the shoot. We were stranded in New York with the crew.
“I had to take out a personal loan to complete the film. I told the crew that I can’t pay you now but I promise, I will return every penny later. To my relief, they all gave their best for the movie,” says the director.
Despite the troubles, Bose is happy with the way the film has shaped up. She also credits Malini for being with her along the difficult but fulfilling journey.
“Malini and I have been very close since childhood. She has supported me a lot in making this film. Every time she watches the film, she howls and she laughs. She feels very strongly about the issue,” says Bose.
The director has an interesting story about how Kalki almost did not do the film.
“Kalki’s name was suggested by Nilesh. She has this innocent and adorable smile. She is very beautiful but not too perfect. She was the first choice for Laila’s role but then the shooting of ‘Yeh Jawani’ got delayed and she needed three months’ time which I did not have,” continued…

External debt jumps $12.6 bn to $346.6 billi...You are here: Home > Collections > Iip
External debt jumps $12.6 billion to $346.6 billion in Q1
PTI Oct 5, 2014, 12.40PM IST
Tags:
external debt
(On an annual basis, the numbers…)
MUMBAI: The country's international investment position (IIP) has deteriorated during the June quarter as net claims of non-residents rose $ 12.6 billion to $ 346.6 billion following a sharper rise in the value of foreign-owned assets in the country vis-a-vis rise in the value of residents' financial assets abroad.
"Net claims of non-residents on the country, as reflected by the net IIP, rose $ 12.6 billion to $ 346.6 billion at the end of the June quarter from the previous quarter," the Reserve Bank has said.
This change in the net position shows a $ 22.9 billion increase in the value of foreign-owned assets in the country vis-a-vis a $ 10.4 billion increase in the value of residents' financial assets abroad, the RBI said.
However, the ratio of the country's international financial assets to international financial liabilities improved to 58.7 per cent in the June quarter from 59.1 per cent in the March quarter.
On an annual basis, the numbers deteriorated much faster as net IIP in June 2013 quarter stood at $ 313.4 billion, an increase of $33.2 billion. In the September quarter of FY14, net IIP had stood at a $ 302.7 billion while the same was $ 318.8 billion in the December 2013 quarter.
Similarly, residents' financial assets abroad, too, rose $ 10.4 billion in Q1 to $ 492.8 billion from $ 482.4 billion in Q4 of FY14. On an annual basis, assets rose by $ 58.3 billion from $ 434.5 billion. This stood at $ 436.7 billion in Q2 of FY14 and at $ 458.9 billion in Q3 of FY14.
As per the RBI data, deterioration in net IIP was due to a sharper spike in the value of foreign-owned assets in the country vis-a-vis the increase in the value of residents' financial assets abroad.
The net IIP measured as financial assets of residents are claims on non-residents and gold/bullion held as reserve assets less financial liabilities of the residents to non-residents. The IIP shows the value and the composition of the financial assets of residents that are claims on non-residents, and gold/bullion held as reserve assets; and the liabilities of residents to non-residents.
On the composition of external financial assets and liabilities, RBI said the reserve assets continued to have the dominant share of 64.2 per cent in the overseas financial assets, followed by direct investment abroad at 26.2 per cent.
 
The share of direct investment stood at 29.8 per cent, portfolio investment at 24.3 per cent, loans at 21.5 per cent, and currency and deposits at 12.7 per cent. The share of non-debt liabilities rose marginally to 46 percent in Q1 from 45.5 per cent in the previous quarter.
Commenting on the rise in the external debt, Icra chief economist Aditi Nayar said, "Data indicates moderation in vulnerability across a variety of external sector indicators, including external debt as a percentage of GDP, ratio of forex reserves to external debt and short-term external debt by residual maturity as a percentage of reserves."
She said the marginal rise in short-term debt (by $ 0.3 billion) indicates that redemption pressure in the immediate term has not intensified. Moreover, forex reserves were enhanced by a substantial $ 12 billion in the quarter.
The residents' financial assets abroad rose by $ 10.4 billion to $ 492.8 billion by as of the June quarter on a quarter-on-quarter basis, as there was an increase in reserve assets.
Reserve assets account for over three-fifths of total financial assets, and rose by $ 11.9 billion to $ 316.1 billion during the reporting period, according to RBI data.
Direct investment abroad rose marginally to $ 128.8 billion from $ 128.7 billion, while other investments abroad declined by $ 1.7 billion to $ 46.6 billion due to a fall in the stock of currency and deposits and loans.
The outstanding value of currency and deposits fell by $ 2.2 billion to $ 15.7 billion, the stock of loans declined by $ 1.8 billion to $ 5.1 billion, the apex bank data showed.
Meanwhile, foreign-owned assets rose $ 22.9 billion to $ 839.3 billion in June as stock of portfolio and direct investments rose. While stock of portfolio investments rose $ 10.6 billion to $ 203.7 billion, the stock of direct investments jumped $ 7.6 billion to $ 250.3 billion.
Other investment liabilities rose $ 4.8 billion to $ 385.3 billion as the stock of trade credit, loans and currency and deposits rose.
The share of debt liabilities in total liabilities declined marginally to 54 per cent at the end of the June 2014 quarter from 54.5 per cent in the preceding quarter. The overseas financial assets-to-liabilities ratio deteriorated to 58.7 per cent from 59.1 per cent a quarter ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Air Passenger Association of India opposes DGCA directive to airlines on cleanliness driveYou are here: Home > Collections
Air Passenger Association of India opposes DGCA directive to airlines on cleanliness drive
Oct 5, 2014, 11.17AM IST
Tags:
Air Passenger Association of India
(In a letter to Gajapathy, APAI suggested…)
MUMBAI: Slamming a DGCA directive to airlines to collect "donations" from passengers for cleanliness drive at airports and aircraft, the apex air travellers body today urged the aviation ministry to withdraw the decree at the earliest.
In a letter to Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju , Air Passenger Association of India (APAI) also suggested that such funds could be raised by adding a nominal amount of Rs 10-25 in the passenger service fee component, which is collected by the airport operators.
"We strongly believe that a small amount of Rs 10 or Rs 15 or Rs 25 may be asked to be collected by all the operational airports in the country as an additional surcharge in the passenger service fee component. This amount will run into several crore and can be collected without causing any pain or inconvenience to any of the passengers," APAI president D Sudhakar Reddy said in the letter.
Observing that all airlines were "bleeding except one or two and they have accumulated losses of $ 10.6 billion in the past 7 years", he questioned, "is it fair to direct airlines to get involved in this movement when they are struggling for their own existence."
Reddy said the best way to raise funds towards the campaign would be to ask the airports, which cater to a large number of volumes in terms of passenger traffic, to collect it.
Terming the directive as "misguided", he said it must be withdrawn forthwith.
Noting that the airlines have also been asked to spread awareness about cleanliness campaign by making announcements on domestic flights and highlighting it through ads in boarding passes and even videos, the APAI chief said, "The regulator also wants airlines to adopt villages and call them for construction of toilets."
"We believe that except making announcements, the airlines should not be asked to get involved in this campaign in any other manner," Reddy said but termed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat campaign as a "noble cause".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scuffles as Hong Kong protests face clear-outThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

New transmission capacities must for competitive power mkt:IEXThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Two beauties fighting like beasts to humour the boarders. let peace p...Silver Member
32 Followers
Two beauties fighting like beasts  to humour the boarders. Let peace prevail and sense. Everyone out here r intelligent to judge for themselves what is good and bad. Write ur hearts out and enjoy rather than going for the knock out punch. Cheers !!!! to good will and intelligent discussions.
1.30 PM Oct 5th  | Track

Vidhi Dyestuffs ManufacturingCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The promoter of vivid global may be qualified from usa but working lik...Gold Member
60 Followers
Its E.P.S for 1 st qr. is Rs.0.5 if this stock has to quote Rs.25 then Vivid Global  whose promoter is USA University chemical Engineering graduate and has vast experience, it is also a chemical company with 1qr. E.P.S of Rs 0.94  which is presently quoting Rs.17 should quote Rs.45/-
6.55 PM Sep 21st

Relevant ministries and heads of psu are probably getting kickbacks f...Platinum Member
17 Followers
Post mortem  is good  but too late. All the birds who made money have flied off. There was never a focus on the co. The political interference killed the co. All the psus in India have been subjugated to  political control & miused. Therefore  reforms are a must.. Even now the progress on reforms has been inadequate & too slow. one of the main reason is the state elections in hand.All the important decisions  under the election code of conduct  are put in a limbo causing immense harm to economy. The existing Govt. has   also  got heaven sent opportunity crude oil falling. Time is running out. Act fast.

1. biocons anda pipeline is a work-in-progress my dear and there is...Platinum Member
58 Followers
1. Biocon’s ANDA pipeline is a work-in-progress my dear and there is no “line 17 chapter 6” that says you can’t leverage the distribution and reach of your trusted partner. In fact when testing a new product an / or new geography firms do prefer to reduce the big bang risk by partnering with a local agent – this not only reduces the demand on internal resources but can help scale-up globally in the fastest possible way. Am not suggesting that this comes without the “hold-up” risk but hey what is risk free in business?
2. That’s jumping the gun a bit in my view
3. “Easing” is a misnomer or a wrong choice of word in this context as per my understanding the regulatory environment is being clarified and made consistent rather than lowering the entry barriers.
4. In the context of biosimilars this is where the issue is – a biosimilar produced in the same plant with same cGMP can at best be deemed a “similar” version let alone spreading that same production at different locations. Example could be: Roche making Herceptin at 2 or more locations – well they are already making biosimilar version!
PS: My flight from schiphol has just been announced -:)

Won t say a word against Shiv Sena as a mark of respect to Bal Thackeray  says ModiOct 05, 2014 at  01:42pm IST
Won't say a word against Shiv Sena as a mark of respect for Bal Thackeray, says Modi
7
1
Mumbai: Reacting to recurring reports over his silence on the breaking of the 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said that he will not say even a single word against the Shiv Sena as he has immense respect for its founder Balasaheb Thackeray.
"There are a few things which are above politics. I have immense respect for Balasahab Thackeray. These are the first polls in the state after he passed away. As a mark of respect for him, I will not speak a word against Shiv Sena," Modi said.
Launching a personal attack on Nationalist Congress Party chief Sharad Pawar, Modi said that he was ashamed at the way Pawar was using Shivaji's name for his politics. He also highlighted that how despite serving as the chief minister and the agriculture minister, he failed to resolve the water woes of the people of Maharashtra.
Launching a personal attack, Modi said that he was ashamed at the way  NCP chief Sharad Pawar was using Shivaji's name for politics.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #narendra modi #ncp #sharad pawar
"I am ashamed at how Sharad Pawar is using Shivaji maharaj's name. He has cheated the people of Maharashtra," he said. His statements against Pawar come at a time when there were strong rumours that he was responsible for the divorce between Shiv Sena and the BJP. There have also been rumours that the BJP might tie up with the NCP in the polls.
Addressing a rally at Tasgaon, Sangli, he urged the people to vote for BJP with a massive majority in Maharashtra just like at the Centre in the Lok Sabha polls.
10

Jayalalithaa stays in jail  protests continue to rage in Tamil NaduJayalalithaa stays in jail, protests continue to rage in Tamil Nadu
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, October 01, 2014
First Published: 11:09 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 14:20 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
Jailed former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa will have to stay in prison for at least six more days as the Karnataka High Court Wednesday posted for October 7 hearing on her pleas for suspension of the sentence and immediate bail in the disproportionate assets case.
 
When the matter came up before the vacation bench judge Justice Rathnakala, Jayalalithaa's counsel Ram Jethmalani pleaded for suspending the sentence pending appeal under Section 389 of the Criminal Procedure Code and for her release on bail.
Jaya conviction an internal Indian issue: Sri Lanka 
  
Section 389 states that pending any appeal by a convicted person, the appellate court may order that the execution of the sentence or order appealed against be suspended. Also, if the person is in confinement, that he or she be released on bail, or on own bond.
"In my considered opinion, this is a matter to be heard by the regular bench," the judge said.
During the brief hearing, Special Public Prosecutor Bhavani Singh filed the objections to Jayalalithaa's pleas and also a memo about his appointment as the SPP in the case.
Singh, who was SPP in the special court in the disproportionate assets case, had told the court Tuesday that he had not yet received any official notification appointing him as the SPP for the criminal appeal filed in the High Court.
    
As Singh sought more time, the judge had first posted the matter for hearing on October 6, which was later rescheduled for Wednesday following pleas by Jayalalithaa's counsels.
Immediately after the judge adjourned the case to next week, a large contingent of Jayalalithaa supporters protested outside the high court
Jayalalithaa's aide Sasikala, her relatives V N Sudhakaran, disowned son of the former Chief Minister and Ilavarasi will also have to spend at least six more days in jail as their petitions for bail and suspension of the sentence were also adjourned for October 7.
 
The High Court is on Dasara holidays from September 29 to October 6. October 7 is also a government holiday on account of Bakrid.
 
In her petitions seeking immediate bail and challenging her sentence, Jayalalithaa has maintained that the charges of amassing wealth against her were false and that she had acquired property through legal means.
 
Jayalalitha has also contended that the trial court has overlooked several judgements and has not considered the binding nature of various income tax orders and decisions of the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, which had accepted the income and the level of expenditure pleaded by her.
Protests continue in Tamil Nadu; 19 dead
One more person died Wednesday in an act of suicide after being apparently upset over Jayalalithaa's conviction in the disproportionate asset case as protests against her conviction continued across the state for the fifth day.
 
A 55-year-old farmer died at the government hospital in Nagapattinam, three days after he consumed poison at his house in Oorkuthi village near Nagapattinam, police said.
 
With this, the toll of those believed to have died in various parts of the state unable to bear the four-year jail term awarded to Jayalalithaa since September 27 has risen to 19.
 
Though AIADMK activists harboured a ray of hope on their leader's possible release after their lawyers' wing managed to get the vacation bench to hear Jayalalithaa's bail petition, they were disappointed as the case was adjourned shortly after it was taken up for hearing by the judge.
 
Protests continued in various parts of Chennai and elsewhere in the state, with party workers displaying posters and display boards, demanding release of their 'Amma.'  AIADMK's student wing also joined the protests organised by other branches of the party in Chennai, while the IT wing held a human chain near the party headquarters.
 
A report from Tiruchirappalli said AIADMK workers continued their fast for the fifth day near Anna Statue, pressing for release of their leader. Similar protests were reported from various parts of the district.
 
Representatives of Cable TV operators' Association, Brick Kiln Owners Association and trade unions associated with AIADMK also observed a fast at Namakkal.

Supreme Court Declines Urgent Hearing Plea of Sahara ChiefYou are here: Home Corporates
Supreme Court Declines Urgent Hearing Plea of Jailed Sahara Chief
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 03, 2014 18:54 (IST)
Dr Reddy's Launches Docetaxel Injection in US
New Delhi: The Supreme Court has declined to give an urgent hearing to the plea of jailed Sahara chief Subrata Roy seeking bail to perform the last rites for an aunt who died on Thursday morning.
The application was mentioned by Mr Roy's advocates at the residence of Chief Justice H L Dattu who said that there is no urgency in the matter and it will come for hearing in the regular court.
(Read: Jailed Sahara chief asks to leave jail for aunt's funeral )
Official sources said that Mr Roy had sought relief for 15 days.
His aunt, who was staying with the Sahara chief's family, had died on Thursday in Lucknow at the age of 90.
On Wednesday, Mr Roy was sent back to his cell in Tihar Jail at the end of the period granted by the Supreme Court to stay at an air-conditioned facility in the complex to negotiate sale of his overseas luxury hotels. ( Read more )
The court had extended Mr Roy's stay at the Tihar Jail conference room by 15 days on September 8 for him to sell the properties to raise Rs 10,000 crore to be deposited with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) for his bail.
The Supreme Court had on August 1 allowed Mr Roy and two of his group directors to use the fully air-conditioned conference room in Tihar Jail complex for 10 days from August 5 within a given time lot of 6:00 am to 8:00 pm.
The meetings were held by the group under the surveillance of CCTV cameras.
Mr Roy, 65, was using the conference room with services like Wi-Fi and video-conferencing. He was allowed two laptops, two desktops, landline phones with STD/ISD facilities and a mobile phone. Two secretarial and one technical person were also allowed to assist him.
Mr Roy has been lodged in Tihar Jail since March 4 this year.
Story first published on: October 03, 2014 18:15 (IST)

Poor-Rich Gap Growing in India  Asia-Pacific: UN ReportRBI Issues Clarification on Credit Cards
New Delhi: The gap between the poor and the rich is growing in the Asia-Pacific region and there has been an increase in income inequality in many major economies including India, China and Indonesia, a United Nations - Economic and Social Commission for Asia and Pacific report has said.
"Inequality is...key socio-economic challenge for the region. At the national level, there has been an increase in income inequality in many major economies in recent decades," the report by UN-ESCAP said.
"Widening income gaps across societies and within communities are the consequence of a series of factors."
The Gini coefficient - a measure of income inequality - between early 1990s and late 2000s increased from 30.8 to 33.9 in India; 32.4 to 42.1 in China and in Indonesia it increased from 29.2 to 38.1, the report said.
However, during the same period the coefficient decreased in countries such as Cambodia, Kyrgyzstan, Malaysia, Nepal, Philippines, Thailand and Uzbekistan.
Weaker labour market institutions, inadequate social protection systems, poor-quality education, inadequate access to credit and land and excessive asset concentration are among the factors for widening income gaps, the report said.
"The gap between rich and poor is widespread in the region and continuing to grow in many countries...the poorest 20 per cent of the population accounts for less than 10 per cent of national income," it said.
UN-ESCAP conducted the study for about 40 countries in the Asia-Pacific region.
The ultra-high net worth individuals (UHNWIs) in the regions shows that persons with a net worth of $30 million or more accounted for 30 per cent of the region's income in 2012-13, the report said.
"This shows that wealth concentration is a major characteristic of income inequality. The region had around 49,000 persons (0.001 per cent of Asia-Pacific population in 2013) classed as UHNWIs, with about $7.5 trillion of net wealth in 2012-13," it added.
The wide gap in national income held by the ultra-rich and the poor is striking, the report said.
"It has been observed that the wealth-income ratio is rising due to the growing share of capital in national income, which is further exacerbating the inequality gap between the top 1 per cent of the population and the poorest 20 per cent."
In addition to vertical inequality among individuals, there have also been widening horizontal disparities, especially between rural and urban areas, as well as between coastal regions and the interior.
"This is particularly worrying for large multiracial countries with significant regional variations, since it can trigger social and political instability," the report added.
Story first published on: October 03, 2014 23:08 (IST)

Dog s epigenome gives clues to human cancerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US States Probe JPMorgan Chase as Hack Seen Fueling FraudYou are here: Home Corporates
US States Probe JPMorgan Chase as Hack Seen Fueling Fraud
Reuters | Updated On: October 04, 2014 14:09 (IST)
Dr Reddy's Launches Docetaxel Injection in US
Boston: Two US states are investigating the theft of 83 million customer records from JPMorgan Chase & Co in a massive cyberattack uncovered over the summer, and more may soon join, Reuters learned on Friday.
Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan said she has launched a probe into the hack on the No. 1 US bank by assets. Connecticut is also investigating, said a person familiar with the matter who was not authorized to publicly discuss the probe.
"A breach of this size and significance demands a comprehensive response from the highest level of our government," Madigan said in a statement. "Thorough investigations of major breaches must be done, and the results must be shared with the public whose information and financial security is at risk, or consumer confidence will be further diminished."
Special Assistant Attorney General William Brauch, director of the Iowa Department of Justice's Consumer Protection Division, told Reuters that other states attorneys general are discussing the matter and could launch a joint investigation.
"I would imagine a group will form, but that has not happened yet," he told Reuters.
News of the actions by the states emerged a day after the bank said in a regulatory filing that customer names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses were taken in the attack that the bank said surfaced in August. It added that it was continuing to investigate the matter and that customers would not be liable for any unauthorized transactions that were promptly reported to the bank.
When asked to comment on the investigations, JPMorgan spokeswoman Patricia Wexler said the company was careful not to speak more about the breach until it had "complete information."
She said that, given the fact that no account information was taken, the bank was not legally required to disclose as much as it has.
Fraud warning
However, cybercrime experts warned that the hack could fuel years of fraud, as criminals use the stolen data to "phish" for customer passwords and ferret out other consumer accounts.
The bank said it has not seen any rise in fraud in the wake of the discoveries, but security researchers said the information that hackers stole, such as addresses, tends to change relatively slowly, which gives criminals a long time to use it.
Their first step will likely be to use the information to send emails to customers purporting to be from JPMorgan Chase. Links embedded in those emails could be used to con customers out of their passwords, a practice known as "phishing."
"Hackers might send out emails saying 'Your JPMorgan Chase account has been breached, please log into our portal and enter your information,'" said Alex Holden, chief executive of Hold Security, a cybersecurity firm that monitors trade in stolen credentials.
The bank's letter to account holders on its website on Friday made no mention of "phishing," but it linked to a "frequently asked questions" document whose last answer warned about "phishing." Wexler said the bank is making the warning more prominent on its website.
"The risk is phishing" Wexler said, adding that people should be on the lookout. She said that there was no evidence that account numbers, passwords, user IDs, birthdays, or Social Security numbers were taken.
The stolen data is likely to end up being sold on underground cybercrime exchanges to fraudsters who will use it for "phishing" and other schemes. Holden said it is likely to be broken up into groups based on categories such as zip codes, with wealthy demographics going for higher rates. He estimates that lots of varying sizes would sell for between $1,000 and $15,000, with each of them being resold multiple times.
Such information can be used to craft "phishing" emails to seek other types of online accounts, beyond the initial firm that was breached, particularly when combined with personal details from social networking sites such as Facebook, Google, LinkedIn and Twitter, security researchers warned. Details from social media profiles can provide criminals with rich information that they can use to craft convincing "phishing" emails, including information about family, friends, education and work.
"Social media helps the criminals pursue their trade," said Mark Rowley, assistant commissioner for specialist operations for London's Metropolitan Police.
JPMorgan's Wexler said that the bank is not offering credit monitoring to customers because no financial information, account data or personally identifiable information was compromised.
JPMorgan disclosed at the end of August that it had hired outside forensics experts to help it investigate a possible cyberattack.
The bank said in April that it expects to spend more than $250 million on cybersecurity this year, with about 1,000 people focused on the area. The bank's efforts will grow exponentially in the coming years, it added.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

How Facebook boosts self-esteem25
1
New York: If you have had a bad day, chances are you might end up spending time on social networking sites like Facebook with people who are worse off, says a study.
"When people are in a negative mood, they start to show more interest in the less attractive, less successful people on their social media sites," said Silvia Knobloch-Westerwick, co-author of the study and professor of communication at The Ohio State University, US.
These findings give more context to recent studies that found people who spend a lot of time on Facebook tend to be more frustrated, angry and lonely - presumably because of all the happy updates from friends that make them feel inadequate.
If you have had a bad day, chances are you might end up spending time on social networking sites like Facebook with people who are worse off, says a study. ( Facebook , via Shutterstock)
#facebook #self esteem
"People have the ability to manage how they use social media," said Benjamin Johnson, co-author of the study and an assistant professor at VU University Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
"Generally, most of us look for the positive on social media sites. But if you are feeling vulnerable, you will look for people on Facebook who are having a bad day, or who aren't as good at presenting themselves positively, just to make yourself feel better," Johnson added.
The study involved 168 college students.
Overall, the researchers found that people tended to spend more time on the profiles of people who were rated as successful and attractive.
But participants who had been put in a negative mood spent significantly more time than others browsing the profiles of people who had been rated as unsuccessful and unattractive.
"If you need a self-esteem boost, you are going to look at people worse off than you," Knobloch-Westerwick said.
The study appeared online in the journal Computers in Human Behaviour.
22

British PM David Cameron says hostage killing  unforgivableThe Prime Minister is meeting with officials from intelligence agencies, the military and the Foreign Office to discuss the killings. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: October 4, 2014 7:17 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 7:25 pm
Prime Minister David Cameron has condemned the brutal murder of another British hostage by Islamic State (IS) militants as “completely unforgivable” and vowed to bring his killers to justice.
He said the murder of taxi driver Alan Henning is “abhorrent and senseless” after a video purporting to show the 47-year-old father of two being beheaded by militants emerged last night.
The Salford taxi driver was delivering aid to Syria in December when he was kidnapped and then held hostage by IS.
Cameron described him as a “kind, gentle, compassionate and caring man”.
“The murder of Alan Henning is absolutely abhorrent, it is senseless, it is completely unforgivable. Anyone in any doubt about this organisation can now see how truly repulsive it is, and barbaric it is,” he said of IS.
The Prime Minister is meeting with officials from intelligence agencies, the military and the Foreign Office at his official country residence Chequers to discuss the killing, Downing Street said.
The footage shows Henning kneeling beside a knifeman dressed in black in a desert setting.
It is the second such murder of a UK hostage after fellow aid worker David Haines was killed last month.
Two American journalists, James Foley and Steven Sotloff, were also beheaded by the terrorist organisation, which is also known as Isil.
Cameron, who last night arrived back in the UK after visiting British troops including those engaged in air strikes on IS in Iraq, said: “The brutal murder of Alan Henning by Isil shows just how barbaric and repulsive these terrorists are.
“My thoughts and prayers (tonight) are with Alan’s wife Barbara, their children and all those who loved him.
“We will do all we can to hunt down these murderers and bring them to justice.”
The gruesome video appears to show Henning, who is dressed in orange, say: “I am Alan Henning. Because of our Parliament’s decision to attack the Islamic State, I, as a member of the British public, will now pay the price for that decision.”
The killer, who speaks with a British accent and is believed to be the man responsible for the previous beheadings, then makes a direct statement to the British Prime Minister: “The blood of David Haines was on your hands, Cameron. Alan Henning will also be slaughtered, but his blood is on the hands of the British Parliament.”

Unfair officiating should not happen at all: Mary KomSummer Asian Games
Flashing a wide and untiring smile, M.C. Mary Kom affirms, with the conviction which marks her domination in the ring, that the Asian Games gold medal victory is one of the sweetest moments of her highly-decorated career.
A five-time World champion and an Olympic bronze medallist, Mary dearly loves the recently-earned piece of yellow metal from Korea.
“After the (2012) Olympics, this was my first event and a major one. After having my third baby (via Caesarean section) and the removal of my gall bladder five months later, it was very tough for me. The win happened because of the support of the whole nation. That's why it is a great success for me,” Mary Kom told The Hindu on Saturday.
Mary Kom was also willing to look at the wider picture too. “We were lucky that our women boxers gave a great performance. I do not think we have given this kind of performance in many years. All three of us getting medals is a great thing. And when you compare this to the achievements of other athletes, and even the male boxers, it is a huge achievement.”
However, the best-known face of Indian boxing was deeply anguished over the turn of events involving her teammate L. Sarita Devi in Incheon and appealed for fairness in judging at all levels.
“The whole nation has seen the bout (of Sarita). She won the bout one-sided and all of us were upset (that she was declared a loser). We are sorry for her. It will be great if such decisions do not happen in future. It is very demoralising for all the boxers, including me.”
Mary also spoke her mind about ‘unfair practices’ at the National level. “In the upcoming (domestic) events, referees and judges should give right decisions. Some of them amount to cheating. Whether we come from Manipur, Haryana, Punjab, Delhi or Mumbai — we are all Indians. They should give points to the best boxer. This (unfair officiating) should not happen at all.”
With the formation of the new National federation (Boxing India) — following the termination of the old body by the International Boxing Association (AIBA) — Mary Kom expected boxing activities across the country to resume. “For the last two years there was no competition. Now onwards competitions will be held. The more we take part in competitions, the better for us.”
Nurturing an ambition of winning a gold medal in the Rio Olympics, the 31-year-old said she was fully focused on her target in 2016.
“My preparation for Rio has already started, fighting in the 51kg category in the Asian Games.”
On her chances of taking part in the World championship in Korea from November 13 to 25, Mary said, “Of course, I want to compete in it. But, first I will have to look at my recovery.”

CLT20: Raina blasts Knight Riders  ends CSKs three-year wait for titleprint
Suresh Raina has been in imperious form of late and his explosive, unbeaten 109 shut out Kolkata Knight Riders and gave Chennai Super Kings their second Champions League T20 title.
The IPL champions, having had to come to terms with the absence of match-winning spinner Sunil Narine, still would have backed themselves after skipper Gautam Gambhir’s 80 lifted them to a challenging 180. But the success of CSK left-arm spinner Pawan Negi, who captured five for 22 to hold back KKR, would have left Gambhir and Co wishing they had Narine to provide a fitting answer.
But there was little that could have stopped Raina. He played an array of shots, with power and authority to make light of the target, in the end winning by eight wickets with nine balls to spare.
Suresh Raina plays a shot during the CLT20 final match against Kolkata Knight Riders at Chinnaswamy Satdium in Bengaluru. (PTI Photo)
Dwayne Smith fell early, to a brilliant slow yorker from Pat Cummins. Coming in at No 3, Raina drove through his pet widish long off area and pulled imperiously through mid-wicket. Kuldeep Yadav could hardly find anything to celebrate his India call up.
Raina’s fifty came off just 27 balls at the other end.
Running well
Picking singles and a series of doubles, Raina-McCullum pair notched up the 100 partnership in 66 balls. McCullum fell for 39, but skipper MS Dhoni in a surprise move promoted himself to No 4. Raina raced to his century in 59 balls. It was laced with six fours and seven sixes.
With the dew a concern, CSK asked KKR to bat first. KKR started with a huge handicap. Still, their huddle had one main focus: Let’s do it for Narine.
KKR bowler Pat Cummins being congratulated by team-mates after he dismissed Dwayne Smith. (Ajay Aggarwal/HT Photo)
Gambhir’s run of not finding gaps finally ended with a crunchy drive through mid-wicket and later a hook off Mohit Sharma. At the other end, Robin Uthappa, spurred by his home crowd, caressed one straight past Mohit Sharma. The opening pair raised 91 runs before Pawan Negi had Uthappa stumped. Jacques Kallis lasted just four balls as Negi had him caught at deep cover.
Solid knock
Gambhir, before being caught at long off, had inspired the team with a solid 80 off 52 balls, including seven fours and three sixes.
Manish Pandey and Yusuf Pathan promised a formidable total. Pandey was severe on Ashish Nehra, hitting two sixes and a four to collect 19 runs in the 18th over.
Negi, however, had him caught by McCullum.
But CSK were back in the game in the 19th over, Negi picking up three wickets for just 2 runs. Yusuf Pathan went after Nehra and 19 runs came from the last over. But the onset of dew, the absence of Narine and the batting might of Chennai made it an evening KKR would rather forget. The fifteenth win in a row was not to be.

How Anand Mahindra is driving Mahindra group s education initiativesHow Anand Mahindra is driving Mahindra group's education initiatives
Suman Layak, ET Bureau Oct 5, 2014, 11.40AM IST
Tags:
Anand Mahindra
(Mahindra says his central…)
Nestled among South Mumbai's elite residences on Warden Road beside Breach Candy Hospital is probably the best children's park of the city. It has a nature trail with life-size animal replicas, age-appropriate play zones and a lovely view of the Arabian Sea.
The park opened in 2009 and the development, of what was a construction dumpyard earlier, was sponsored by Mahindra & Mahindra's (M&M's) then vice-chairman (now chairman) Anand Mahindra. He named the park after his late father Harish, who passed away in 1999. Naming a children's play zone after him is probably apt, as the senior Mahindra was deeply committed to education.
Not just Harish Mahindra, the entire Mahindra group has worked on education on the side, while making jeeps, cars, steel components and holiday homes over the years. In Mumbai itself, the group supports 28 English-medium public schools.
Anand Mahindra recollects that in the early '80s, his father had initiated talks with Britain's Prince Charles to bring a campus of the United World College (UWC) to India (the UWC movement to bring together students from different parts of the world started in 1962 and Prince Charles is one of the past presidents.
The UWC has 14 campuses today). The first UWC campus was set up in Wales and in the '80s Harish Mahindra headed the Indian committee that selected students from India for UWC. In 1992, Harish put Bharat Doshi, who has been with the group for four decades, in charge of the project after the Central government approved it.
"The UWC was the first major initiative. It took us Rs 32 crore to set up the Mahindra United World College in Pune, which started in 1997," says Doshi. That was barely two years before Harish Mahindra's death.
A Scattergun Approach
Even earlier, from back in the 60s, the Mahindras have been funding education as philanthropy through the KC Mahindra Education Trust, named after one of the founders.
But it was Anand Mahindra, who became managing director of flagship M&M in 1997, who brought in focus. As he went on to become vice-chairman in 2003 and ultimately took over as group chairman replacing uncle Keshub last year, Anand also inherited a very haphazard philanthropic legacy.
  "It was a scattergun approach. If you looked at our philanthropy footprint when I joined M&M in 1991, it was even wider than now," Mahindra told ET Magazine in an interview. His first goal was to focus the group's philanthropy on education and then pick up a few themes within that.
In education, the Mahindra footprint stretches from schools in India to the best among foreign universities. The Mahindras fund school-going girls through a programme called Nanhi Kali. They also provide scholarships, run schools and skill development centres.
At the higher end, Anand Mahindra personally funded the Mahindra Humanities Centre in Harvard University in 2010. "You will find significant narrowing towards education. And within that the biggest theme is providing education for the girl child; the other is providing scholarships to people seeking education," Mahindra adds.
The UWC movement does not have more than one school or college per country, although it may have a second campus in some, so another UWC in India is ruled out. However, India head of UWC Pelham Lindfield Roberts says: "Through the UWC in Pune we can reach out across India and we select our students from across the country."
Liberalising Education
Mahindra himself, like his father, went to Harvard University. Yet, he confesses, at some level he feels "deprived" — perhaps because he had to abandon filmmaking to steer the family business. "After I finished school I went to JJ College of Architecture and then to Harvard. I did my BA with a major in filmmaking," Mahindra says. After his BA, he went on to do an MBA "...to atone for my sins", adds Mahindra with a smirk.
"In India we are forced to choose our specialisation very early, whereas in some other countries this can be done much later in life," Mahindra says, adding that bringing the liberal approach to Indian education is his motto right now. "While the British have abandoned this approach, we in India seem to be struggling with the old British system of education," says Mahindra.
The Mahindra United World College in Pune offers such liberties in their curriculum. Half of the students are Indian and the other half come from across the world. Indian students applying to the UWC for their IB course (typically the plus-two in India) can be placed either in India or any of the other 13 campuses of UWC.
To strengthen it further, Mahindra has just announced a new set of scholarships in partnership with Shelby Davis, founder of investment management firm Davis Selected Advisers and a long-time partner of UWC. Mahindra and Davis will be giving around `3 crore every year towards scholarships. The Mahindra part of the scholarships will be available to Indian students as well as foreign students who study in UWC India.

Delhi: Kejriwal did nothing when in power  says BJP26
0
New Delhi: Reacting to Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal's claim about Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' receiving lukewarm response, Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay said it was "unwanted tirade".
"When he was in power, he did nothing and people of Delhi are well aware of his flop shows like 'Janata Darbar' outside Delhi Secretariat. But now when BJP-led Centre has launched a public participatory cleanliness drive, he wants overnight results," he said.
Upadhyay also accused Kejriwal of repeatedly showing disrespect for all norms in political system. "Today's diatribe that Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has boomeranged reflects his political frustration as first the anti-corruption drive, then campaign for efficiency and now this cleanliness drive launched by the Prime Minister has taken away all shine from his image of a social crusader built through big budget social media campaigns," he said.
Satish Upadhyay also accused Arvind Kejriwal of repeatedly showing disrespect for all norms in political system.
#delhi #bjp #aap #swachh bharat abhiyan
Meanwhile, Delhi BJP on Saturday organised a series of meetings involving its MPs and Mandal Presidents in connection with the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. Union Minister Harsh Vardhan, Delhi BJP in-charge Prabhat Jha and Upadhyay addressed the meetings. The party has issued a report register to all its 278 Mandal Presidents to record and report ward-wise sanitation work being undertaken on daily basis.
The party has issued guidelines to all its MPs, MLAs, Councillors, District and Mandal Presidents to ensure their daily participation in Swachh Bharat Abhiyan in Delhi. All leaders have to ensure their public participation in the cleanliness drive till Diwali. All councillors have been instructed to make sure that their ward 'safai' workers perform their duty with full honesty and random checks are done, an official statement said.
7

Brazilians vote in an election full of surprisesPrint
FILE - In this Sept. 30, 2014 file photo, Aecio Neves, presidential candidate of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party, PSDB, flashes a victory sign as he campaigns at the "Mercadao de Madureira," or Madureira Market in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Brazil will hold general elections on Oct. 5. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Rio De Janeiro | Posted: October 5, 2014 10:15 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 10:21 am
The twists and turns in Brazil’s presidential race end Sunday, at least for a few hours, as millions of Brazilians cast ballots in an election expected to force a three-week runoff campaign between incumbent Dilma Rousseff and one of her two top challengers.
Rousseff held a commanding lead in all recent opinion polls, with her support rising to 46 percent in a survey released Saturday. But it was thought unlikely she could push through to win the absolute majority required to avoid a second-round election.
Brazil’s President Dilma Rousseff, presidential candidate for re-election of the Workers Party, PT, greets supporters during a campaign rally in Porto Alegre, Brazil, Saturday, Oct. 4, 2014. (Source: AP)
She’ll likely face either former environment minister and senator Marina Silva or Aecio Neves, the former governor of Brazil’s second-biggest state. They were deadlocked in the most recent surveys, following Silva’s steep drop in polls after aggressive campaigning by Rousseff.
“The fear campaign that Dilma and her marketing people have set up against Marina Silva has had a strong effect,” said David Fleischer, a political science professor at the University of Brasilia. “Dilma’s people are saying Marina will abolish … things they’ve gained through government social programs.”
That’s the heart of an apparent contradiction of this unpredictable campaign that saw Silva only enter the race in mid-August when a plane crash killed Eduardo Campos, her Social Party’s top candidate, with whom she was running as the vice presidential candidate.
Opinion surveys say around 70 percent of Brazilians say they want change — as made plain by mammoth anti-government protests held around the country last year blasting Brazil’s woeful public services despite the nation’s heavy tax burden.
Brazilian soldiers guard the Mare Complex slum ahead of elections, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Saturday, Oct. 4, 2014. Brazil is preparing for general elections to be held Sunday, Oct. 5.(Source: AP)
Yet surveys also continued…

It s power to bureaucrats in Narendra Modi govtprint
References to the ‘Gujarat Model’ were rife during the campaigning for the last Lok Sabha elections — both in glowing as well as not-so-glowing terms depending on which side’s spiel you were listening to. Nearly all those references related to the economic and social development of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s home state of Gujarat when he was chief minister there and the debate that swirled was about whether it was successful and could be transplanted elsewhere.
But the real Gujarat Model that is being replicated by Modi is not about development but about his style of governance. You needn’t look much further than New Delhi’s Raisina Hill to see why.
Read: Growth, job bait to woo Maharashtra
First a quick flashback to Gandhinagar, from where Modi as chief minister ran the state government for more than 12 years. Ringsiders, including journalists in Gujarat, have noted how his tenure was marked by his preference for empowering bureaucrats and according a degree of importance to them that often exceeded that of his ministers.
It is true that Modi had among his ministers a few that wielded some clout, including Anandiben Patel (his successor as CM), Amit Shah (now BJP president) and Saurabh Patel (still a cabinet minister in Gujarat with key portfolios) but his most trusted aides were all highly empowered bureaucrats whose appointments, transfers and responsibilities were closely controlled by the chief minister’s office (CMO).
Before Modi took charge as CM transfers and appointments of civil servants and senior police officers was a sort of an industry with everyone from local leaders of the BJP and the RSS to industrialists and businessmen able to influence those decisions. 
After he became chief minister, things changed. All appointments were decided by the CMO and frequent transfers became a thing of the past. The outcome of all this was a more stable team in the chief minister’s administration, which drew its strength mainly from a powerful bureaucracy.
Read: ‘Look East’ policy is now ‘Act East’
Less than five months into his administration, Modi as prime minister is transposing a model of governance that is remarkably similar to the one he had in Gujarat. His council of ministers numbers only 44 (there has been intermittent buzz about a cabinet expansion, but nothing has happened) with a few heavyweights, of course, but many first-timers; and the bureaucracy has been empowered far more than it has been in decades.
One of the first things that Modi did after he became prime minister was to hold a meeting with 77 secretaries of all government departments where he encouraged them to work fearlessly and proactively. This was followed by extensive presentations that each department made directly to the PM over the following weeks.
Those interactions, says a senior official in the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO), energised civil servants and boosted their confidence. Less abstract things have also happened: Modi has asked secretaries (and, notably, not their ministers) to identify 8-10 regulations in each ministry that can be done away with.
And on September 23, just before he went on his US visit, nearly 50 bureaucrats, mainly joint secretaries, got their assignments shuffled . Those changes were the outcome of an elaborate evaluation of each officer across a matrix of factors, including past experience, achievements, strengths and potential — a corporate-like exercise that was done by the PMO to ensure that pegs matched holes.
HT editorial: We need Modi’s brand of shock and awe
One criticism of the Modi government has been that it doesn’t have the bench strength of ministers that earlier regimes had; and that there are so few seasoned ministers that they have been overburdened with multiple portfolios. But there are many things that we’re seeing the new prime minister do differently.
In the past week itself he reached out to Indian-Americans in a New York stadium; he wielded the broom and swept New Delhi’s streets; and talked on radio to the citizens of India on the day of Dussehra. The real difference, however, is in the way he runs his government — leaning more on an empowered bureaucracy than a bloated council of ministers.
You can reach Sanjoy Narayan on Twitter @sanjoynarayan

J-K: Heavy firing by Pak troops in Poonch sectorsViolating the ceasefire for the 10th time in October, Pakistani troops on Sunday opened heavy fire on Indian posts along the LoC in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir.
Army troops guarding the borderline with Pakistan effectively responded to the firing.
"Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire by resorting to unprovoked and heavy firing on Indian forward posts along LoC in Balnoie sub-sector of Poonch district around 0800 hours", Defence Spokesman Lt Col Manish Mehta said in Jammu.
There was no causality on the Indian side till reports last came in from the area.
This was the tenth ceasefire violation along the Indo-Pak border in Jammu and Kashmir since October 1. There have been seven ceasefire violations along the LoC in Poonch and three along the IB in Jammu.
Pakistani troops had yesterday fired mortar shells along the LoC in Poonch district, drawing equal retaliation from Army.
On October 3, Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire four time by shelling forward areas and villages along LoC and International Border in Gulmarg sector of Kashmir Valley and Poonch and Jammu sector in Jammu region in which a girl was killed and six persons were injured.
On October 1 and 2, Pakistani troops had violated the ceasefire two times along the LoC in Poonch district resulting in injuries to six persons and damage to some houses.
On October two, Pakistani troops had targeted border hamlets in forward areas along the LoC in Jammu and Kashmir's Poonch district by shelling them with mortar bombs and firing resulting in injuries to six civilians.
There have been over 100 ceasefire violations by Pakistan along the Line of Control in recent months.

Bravo Claudio! Barcelona keeper sets La Liga recordE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Late Manchester City goals cut Chelsea advantage  Liverpool winE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Campaign trail heats up in Maharashtra  Modi may address over 20 rallies in 10 daysOct 05, 2014 at 10:17am IST
Campaign trail heats up in Maharashtra, Modi may address over 20 rallies in 10 days
8
0
Mumbai: With just ten days to go for the polls in Maharashtra, the campaign trail is heating up. PM Narendra Modi will canvass for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) at three public meetings at Tasgaon, Kalamba and Nashik on Sunday.
While kickstarting his campaign for the state, the PM on Saturday addressed 3 rallies assuring the people that only a BJP governemnt in the state can bring prosperity. Modi said the 15 years under Congress-NCP rule has done tremendous harm to Maharashtra.
Maharashtra is headed for a 4-way fight and the PM is trying to put his best foot forward. He even reached out to the crowd by greeting them in Marathi at Mahalaxmi Racecourse.
The BJP is banking on the 'Modi Power' as this is the first time in 25 years that the party is fighting an election in the state without its oldest ally, turned foe, the Shiv Sena.
#bjp #narendra modi #shiv sena #congress
Speaking for the first time after BJP broke it's alliance with Shiv Sena, Modi avoided mentioning the break-up, but targeted the 15-year rule of the Cong-NCP government. "The 15 years under Congress-NCP rule have been terrible for Maharashtra. Those ruined 15 years have raised a question mark on the state's progress," he said.
"If Mumbai and Maharashtra are left behind country also feels left behind. We can't let Maharashtra lag behind," Modi said.
Countering the PM's statement, former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan challenged Modi to a one on one debate. "Maharashtra has performed better than Gujarat on a number of parameters. Modi should see the figures. I am ready to have a face-to-face debate with him on this," Chavan said.
Prime Minister Modi is likely to address over 20 rallies across Maharashtra in the next 10 days indicating how critical the multi-cornered battle in Maharashtra is. The BJP is banking on the 'Modi Power' as this is the first time in 25 years that the party is fighting an election in the state without its oldest ally, turned foe, the Shiv Sena.
3

Access your PF account online from Oct 16Access your PF account online from Oct 16
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 5:  
Over four crore subscribers of the retirement fund body EPFO would be able to access their provident fund accounts online on real time basis using a dedicated members’ web portal from October 16.
The Universal Account Number (UAN) member’s portal will help Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation’s (EPFO) to monitor whether their employers are depositing their PF contributions.
The UAN members’ portal is likely to be launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 16, a senior official said adding that in the first phase the members’ accounts would be accessible and become portable for lifetime.
As the UAN will be a portable account, the formal sector workers would not have to apply for transfer of PF accounts on changing jobs.
The official said that eventually the EPFO would provide more value added services like paperless settlement of provident fund withdrawal claims during retirement and fixing of pension after attaining the age of 58 years.
According to him, the EPFO is on track to complete the seeding of over four crore UANs issued in the last week of July.
As per the information uploaded on the website of the EPFO, there are 4.18 crore contributing members who are employed in 4.3 lakh different firms across the country.
At present, EPFO has already captured bank account details in respect of 2.04 crore employees, PAN details of 92.94 lakh employees and Aadhar number in respect of 35.4 lakh workers.
The official said that in order to improve the quality of service under the UAN programme, at least bank account number of all the members need to be seeded with portable PF accounts as this would make the PF withdrawal and other claims settlements less time consuming.
EPFO has recently made it mandatory for firms to provide their employees’ bank account numbers with IFSC code of bank branch to facilitate allotment of universal PF account number and payment to its subscribers.
As per an office order, the firms would have to furnish the information regarding the core banking account number with IFSC code of the bank branch in respect of existing members by October 15.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Start with basics to clean up Capital  make it swanky and world classStart with basics to clean up Capital, make it swanky and world class
Neha Pushkarna , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 05, 2014
First Published: 10:42 IST(5/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:48 IST(5/10/2014)
Comments
National Capital Delhi might harbour dreams of becoming a world class city, but the ground reality is the city’s streets smell of muck. 
However, with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Swachch Bharat Abhiyan now underway, the situation might change provided Delhi pays attention to certain aspects   
From recycling piles of garbage in colonies to reviving the Yamuna that is now a sewage dump, government, civic agencies and residents will have to work together bit by bit to realise the dream of a clean Delhi. The effort is going to take more than wielding brooms on national holidays.
Overflowing dhalaos
Delhi produces nearly 9,000 tonnes of waste daily. While some estimates say about 10% of it goes onto the streets, the rest is collected at local dhalaos, which end up at the three landfill sites that are pretty much saturated now. These structures can often hold much less than the amount of garbage fed into them. As a result, garbage remains strewn on the roads.
People disposing waste on their own don’t even bother to walk up to the dumping site and keep adding to the pile mounting up on the roads. There are nearly 2,500 dhalaos in the city and the crooked bins placed in front add to the offensiveness of the picture. Safdarjung Enclave, Vasant Kunj, Hauz Khas, New Friends Colony — they are everywhere. Daily clearing of dhalaos is something that the civic bodies have not been able to accomplish.
“Segregating and recycling waste is a solution. Recycling can take care of 70-75% waste. So we need to have decentralised models, which mean having composting plants within every ward. The municipalities should provide the support price to small composters,” said Bharti Chaturvedi, an activist.
Uncovered drains/Uncleared silt
While covering of storm water drains still remains a debatable issue, local drains — without lids — in various parts of the city are quite an eyesore.
The lids covering drains are often stolen; thereby exposing them to reckless garbage dumping. The problem is worse in unauthorised colonies where drains run along the length of every house. “These drains carry waste water from the houses,” said Shanti Gupta, a resident of Tughlakabad Extension.
“Another problem crops up when these drains are de-silted. The black sticky refuse is kept in small piles outside the drain. We have to wait for days for the civic agencies to clean it. It is nauseous,” said Karn Raj, a resident of Karkardooma.
Littering/Urinating in Public
In the US, throwing an empty wrapper on a road can invite a fine of up to $1,000. The offenders are often nabbed with the help of CCTV cameras.
Back home in India, however, people defecate openly and nobody raises an eyebrow. Littering, taking a leak in the public, spitting is a part of public life in the Capital. Lack of dustbins and free, clean toilets at approachable distances may be a reason why people are tempted to falter.
Another factor to blame is the level of awareness and sense of responsibility among people. Despite several initiatives, municipal agencies have not been able to fine individual offenders. “There are sanitation inspectors who penalise vendors, shopkeepers and residents for a variety of offences. But going after random offenders on a busy street doesn’t happen,” said an official. There is a provision of fine the minimum of which is `50 and can go up to `5,000. But nobody cares or is cared. Residents have, in fact, become so bold that they can be even spotted urinating close to the PM’s residence.
Filthy Yamuna
An unclean Yamuna has been one of the biggest challenges for the Capital. Two decades and `6,500 crore later, authorities have failed to revive the Yamuna if not made matters worse. Sewage water from the Capital’s 22 drains flows into it but no agency has yet been able to sort out the problem. There is not a drop of water from the original source for most part of the year. What flows along the river’s 22 kilometres, therefore, is the waste drained out of toilets of nearly 30 lakh households in the city. Experts blame multiplicity of authorities for the failure of all plans and programmes drawn up so far for cleaning the river.
With water resources Minister Uma Bharti pledging to clean Yamuna, the Centre may assume a greater role in rejuvenating the river.
It may, though, take much longer than the deadline of 2019 set by Modi for a clean India.

Google to enable faster search on slow mobil...You are here: Home > Collections > Google
Google to enable faster search on slow mobile network in India
PTI Oct 5, 2014, 06.27PM IST
Tags:
android
(Google has been increasing…)
NEW DELHI: Aimed at strengthening its foothold in the Indian mobile Internet space, tech giant Google will enable a faster search capability for mobile phones with slower network connections.
Using a new streamlined version of its search results page, the US-based company will automatically check if a user has a slow wireless connection and deliver a fast loading version of Search.
"Increasingly, people in India are accessing the Internet through mobile devices such as their smartphones. However, not all of these devices come with fast, cheap connections," Google Distinguished Software Engineer Bharat Mediratta said in a blogpost.
Fewer bytes means users get answers faster and cheaper, he added.
"Google's high-quality results will remain the same, but elements such as images and maps will only show up when they are an essential part of the result," he said.
This is just another step Google is taking to organise the world's information and make it accessible to everyone, including those who do not have fast mobile connections, Mediratta added.
Google has been increasing its focus on the Indian market , bringing out products designed to cater to the price and quality-conscious people in the country.
Last month, it launched its Android One initiative in the country first, saying it was originally conceived with India in mind.
Under the Android One initiative, Google had initially partnered with three handset makers -- Micromax, Karbonn and Spice -- to bring out handsets priced Rs Rs 6,399, aimed at making affordable smartphones available to a larger number of people.
It has now extended the programme to more manufacturers and is also expanding it to other countries like Indonesia, Philippines, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka .
The US-based firm is also working to adding more options for searches in more local languages in India. Currently, Google has search options in nine languages here (for PCs).
Google, which offers voice-based search in 47 languages globally, also expects to roll out services in Indian regional languages in the future, though no specific timelines have been set for the same.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi: South African convicted for trying to export contraband4
0
New Delhi: A South African national, arrested at the Indira Gandhi International Airport last year while trying to export over 17 kg of contraband substance, has been convicted by a Delhi court.
Michael Shibambo was held guilty under provisions of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act after 17.5 kg of the contraband substance was found concealed in his trolley bag.
"This court is of the considered opinion that prosecution has been able to prove beyond reasonable doubt that accused (Shibambo) had made an attempt to export outside India, pseudoephedrine hydrochloride, a controlled substance, in contravention of the orders issued by the Central government u/s 9A of the NDPS Act," special judge Anu Grover Baliga said.
Michael Shibambo was held guilty under provisions of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act after 17.5 kg of the contraband substance was found concealed in his trolley bag.
#delhi #south african #ndps act #michael shibambo
While convicting Shibambo, the court refused to agree to his contentions that he had no knowledge as how the contraband was concealed in his bag. "Present is a case where about 17.5 kg of a substance has been found concealed in the trolley bag of the accused.
It is inconceivable that the accused would not have felt the weight of trolley bag that he was carrying and that he had no clue that the said bag could not contain anything more than his clothes," the court said. The court observed that without the knowledge of accused, the contraband substance could not have been concealed in his bag in such a fine manner.
"Such a concealment and packaging could not have taken place, as contended by accused without his knowledge when all along he was present with his friend at the time of packing of his luggage," it said.
According to the prosecution, on October 10, 2013, Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) officials had a tip off that a south African national was to board an Ethiopian Airlines flight from IGI Airport with some contraband substance. It said the officials apprehended Shibambo from check-in counter of the airport and his luggage was frisked during which the contraband, concealed at the bottom and upper lid cover of his bag, was recovered.
During the trial, Shibambo accepted in the court that the contraband substance was recovered from his bag but claimed that someone else had concealed it.
2

Bhel order-book position dwindles as power sector slows downBhel order-book position dwindles as power sector slows down
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 05, 2014 11:30 AM IST
Country's largest power gear maker Bhel is struggling to keep the order-book strong and may even find it difficult to keep it rolling in the next couple of years as new private power projects face a slowdown.
The state-owned company's orders from the power sector started witnessing a downward trend since the beginning of the last financial year (2013-14).
It bagged 5 orders last fiscal and the same number of orders in the current fiscal for supplying power equipment.
According to experts, this is mainly due to slowdown in the power sector and the situation is likely to remain grim during the next couple of years.
"There a complete slowdown in private power project initiation, as the sector is currently facing overcapacity and ready projects waiting for PPA and fuel. As a result order flow for capital good company depending on electricity generation project will slow down," said Debashish Mishra, Senior Director, Consulting, Deloitte India.
He said this situation may continue for 18-24 months.
Bhel won order for setting up a 120 MW Hydro Electric Project in Uttarakhand on March 31, 2014. The Rs 125 crore order for setting up of Hydro Generating sets and associated Electro-Mechanical works has been placed by Uttarakhand Jal Vidyut Nigam Ltd (UJVNL).
In July, it bagged a Rs 68 crore order to set up 10 MW Solar Power Plant at Shivanasamudram for Karnataka Power Corporation Limited (KPCL).
In May, the company signed an initial agreement with PT Star Vyobros, Indonesia for setting up a 200 MW coal-fired power plant in the Sulawesi region in Indonesia.
Bhel signed a preliminary pact for setting up Renewable Energy Projects in Yemen in April, 2014.

Small wonder Haider rides on word of mouth  registers 14% rise incollections"Haider" minted Rs.6.14 crore, and on the following day, it managed a business of Rs.6.93 crore.
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:09 pm
It’s a small film made with a lot of heart. Vishal Bhardwaj’s “Haider”, his twist on William Shakespeare’s tragic play “Hamlet”, is climbing up the Bollywood box office ladder thanks to a positive word of mouth, say experts. It has earned a cumulative of Rs.13.07 crore within two days of its release.
The Shahid Kapoor, Shraddha Kapoor, Tabu and Kay Kay Menon starrer hit the screens Thursday along with the big budget entertainer “Bang Bang”.
Also read – ‘Kashmir is the Hamlet of my film,’ says Vishal Bhardwaj on Haider
On its opening day, “Haider” minted Rs.6.14 crore, and on the following day, it managed a business of Rs.6.93 crore, registering a 14 percent jump in its collections, said a source from the production team, UTV Motion Pictures.
“The film witnessed a huge jump in most of the regions, including Gujarat, Punjab, Rajasthan,” the source added.
Made at a budget of Rs.24 crore, the canvas of “Haider” is dark and violent, but beautiful in its own way.
Set against the unrest in the Kashmir Valley, the story revolves around a man who wants to avenge his father’s death. And Bhardwaj, known for giving Bollywood buffs a different cinematic sensibility with movies like “Maqbool”, “Omkara” and “Kaminey”, has used apt locations and setting to suit the grim and gritty mood of his latest offering.
Industry experts believe “Haider” is performing well, and its collections are poised to grow over the days.
“It has performed really well. The film did pretty well on the first day and I believe it has only become better. The liking for the film is not only limited to single screens as the film is getting a good response from multiplex audience as well. The response for the film at our cinema chain is really good,” Deepak Sharma, chief operating officer, PVR Pictures, told IANS.
Sharma said the audience is aware that it’s a “very different movie”, and its performances and cinematography are turning out to be crowd pullers.
“Word of mouth publicity is working for the film. I would say that the audience is not only appreciating the film because of the publicity, but due to genuine liking towards the movie,” he added.
Agrees Rajesh Thadani of Multimedia Combines.
“‘Haider’ has collected over Rs.11 crore so far and it will grow through word of mouth,” Thadani said, adding that the fact that “Bang Bang” released on the same day, has affected the collections that “Haider” could have managed.
“Bang Bang”, starring Hrithik Roshan and Katrina Kaif, and directed by Siddharth Anand, is the continued…

In a first  MNS fields north Indian for upcomingpollsComments
In a move that will raise eyebrows, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), the party known for its anti-north Indian stand since its birth in 2006, has given the party ticket to a north Indian for the October 15 state Assembly polls.
Akhilesh Chaubey, whose roots are traced to Jaunpur in Uttar Pradesh, has been fielded as the MNS candidate from the Kandivali (East) constituency in Mumbai.
General secretary of the legal cell of the Raj Thackeray-led party, Chaubey is the party’s only north Indian candidate in the upcoming polls. He is also the party’s first ever north Indian poll nominee so far.
A lawyer by profession, Chaubey says his party is not against any particular community as perceived by some and it welcomes anyone willing to contribute to the development of the state.
“My party does not want people who do not have work-related agenda on their minds. We welcome all who are sure of what they want to do with their lives. We want people from other states, who are not just willing to contribute to the progress of Maharashtra, but also focus on their personal development,” Chaubey said.
Interestingly, Kandivali (East) constituency has the highest number of north Indian voters, followed by the Marathi and Gujaratis.
In terms of numbers, out of the total 2,72,000 voters in the constituency, 90,000 are north Indians, followed by 74,000 Marathi people and 60,000 Gujaratis. North Indians, thus, form almost one-third of the total electorate and giving candidature to someone from Uttar Pradesh could be the party’s bid to reach out to the migrants from north India.
However, Chaubey says that the strong presence of the north Indians is not the only factor that got him party’s candidature. A gradual realisation among voters, that MNS believes in the development of the state and not in caste-based politics also contributed to it, he said.
“If the party was against north Indians, I would never have got a ticket. The people have started realising now that MNS believes in development and giving fair rights to all. So the constituency with a large number of north Indian voters was not the only factor, but being loyal to Maharashtra got me a ticket,” Chaubey said.

Live: Will not speak against Shiv Sena as I respect Balasab Thackarey  says Modi0
0
With just a few days left for Assembly elections, Prime Minister Narendra Modi began his campaign for the Bharatiya Janata Party in Maharashtra on Saturday. On Sunday, he addressed a rally in Tasgaon and later in Gondia, Maharashtra.
Live Blog
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
7:51 pm: PM Narendra Modi was scheduled to hold a public meeting in Nashik but it's been cancelled due to bad weather. The meeting is being postponed to October 7: Rajiv Pratap Rudy
6:31 pm: Attacking former CM Chavan, Modi said:  He is so scared that he does not want to even sit beside me.
6:30 pm: LBT is "Looton Baaton Tax", we will get rid of it when we come to power: Narendra Modi
6:11 pm: This upcoming assembly election will decide the future of Maharashtra: PM
6:10 pm: Maharashtra has witnessed the most number of terror attacks.  Maximum communal violence incidences have occured in Maharashtra after Uttar Pradesh. PM
6:08 pm: NCP-Congress are 'bhrashtacharwadi', and the youth of this state need to decide whether they will elect such a corrupt party again to power: Modi
6:06 pm: The adivasis of Chhattisgarh have received way more help from the government than the Gondia adivasis from the NCP-Congress government: PM
6:05 pm: The NCP-Congress government has done little to help the adivasis in Gondia: PM
6:04 pm: NCP's watch is stuck on a time when they can loot the most: Narendra Modi
6:04 pm: NCP, Congress has been ruling over Maharashtra for the last 15 years, and has only looted the state: PM
6:03 pm: Maharashtra shares a border with Chhattisgarh and where on the one hand, Chhattisgarh has developed so much, Maharashtra has been left behind: PM
6:02 pm: I thought I need to come to Gondia not to ask for votes but to repay a favour: Modi
6:00 pm: Narendra Modi addressing a rally in Gondia.
1:04 pm: I urge you all to get rid of politicians who have cheated Maharashtra. There should be no place for such people in the state: Modi
1:03 pm: It is our choice whether we want to grow and prosper or not: Modi
1:02 pm: Met Pepisco CEO in US. Have asked them to include fruits in the drinks and make more of fruit aerated drinks. If this happens, none of our fruit vendors or farmers will be in a loss: Modi
12:59 pm: We are people who fulfil their promises. We do not run away like the Congress: Modi
12:59 pm: Trust us with your vote and give us five years. Give us those five years and review our work after that: Modi
12:58 pm: Never let a coalition govt rule Maharashtra: Modi
12:58 pm: The respect we received in US was not because of me, but because of the strength of the democracy,  because of Indians who have given full majority to a single party: Modi
12:52 pm: Some things are above politics, they should respected: Modi
12:52 pm: Many people have asked me why i haven't said anything about Shiv Sena. This is the first election after Balasab Thackarey passed away, so i will not speak against Shiv Sena. This is my respect for him: Modi
12:50 pm: Congress did not do anything in all these years when the farmers committed suicide. They didn't do anything for 60 years and they ask me what I did in 60 days: Modi
12:49 pm: Pawar was the Agriculture Minister and in the past 15 years, over 3000 farmers have committed suicide almost every year: Modi
12:48 pm: It's easy to criticise Mr Sharad Pawar but politicians like you don't let the others work: Modi
12:45 pm: It is shameful that people are using Shivaji's name for political benefit: Modi
12:42 pm: Gujarat was born in 1960. It was a part of Maharashtra before,and we still believe Maharashtra is our elder brother:PM says as he lashes out at Sharad Pawar
12:41 pm: I feel sad for the people who say things in the name of Shivaji Maharaj. What Sharad Pawar said today was painful: Modi
12:40 pm: Gujarat is closely related to Maharashtra. Gujarat is still a part of Maharashtra: Modi
12:37 pm: I have a special bond with the people of Sangli, he said
12:37 pm: Modi is currently addressing a public meeting at Tasgaon, Sangli. He thanked the people for voting them to power in the Lok Sabha polls.
12:36 pm: The campaign trail for the assembly polls is heating up. Ten days ahead of the polls in Maharashtra, PM Narendra Modi is campaigning in the state for the BJP. He will be addressing public meets in Tasgaon, Kalamba and Nashik today.
1

At least 18 dead in Indonesia illegal gold mine collapseThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mah poll: 88 candidates in fray for 7 assembly seats in RaigadThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pak Taliban switches side; vows to send jihadists to help ISThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FinMin asks banks to tighten norms for high ...FinMin asks banks to tighten norms for high value FDs
PTI Oct 5, 2014, 12.08PM IST
Tags:
Finance Ministry
(The ministry would like…)
NEW DELHI: The Finance Ministry has asked public sector banks to tighten norms, including KYC monitoring for high-value fixed deposits , to check the kind of frauds suspected to have been committed at Dena Bank and OBC.
The ministry would like banks to make a full-proof arrangement for high value fixed deposits, including due diligence of know your customer (KYC) details, sources said.
Banks have been advised to categorise fixed deposits, which may fall under high value criteria, sources said.
At the moment, different banks have varied definitions of high value fixed deposits.
As per the preliminary forensic audit report, a fraud to the tune of Rs 436 crore in two public sector banks- Dena Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce-- have been committed through multi-layer system. It is suspected that there were some money laundering.
The lenders are also alleged to have indulged in siphoning off the money (Rs 180 crore by OBC and Rs 256 crore by Dena Bank) received as fixed deposits.
Besides, the Finance Ministry has asked the Reserve Bank to tighten lending norms to prevent borrowers from opening multiple current account outside their consortium banks in the light of Kingfisher case.
There are a few instances where defaulting borrowers indulged in diversion of funds by opening multiple current account outside the members of the consortium, sources said.
Therefore, sources said, the Finance Ministry has urged RBI to tighten the norms and monitoring system so that such activities could be prevented.
According to sources, Kingfisher Airlines allegedly diverted funds by opening a current account in HDFC Bank and had a balance of Rs 7.5 crore as on date.
This fact was not known to the consortium of lender headed by State Bank of India. These banks have an outstanding debt of Rs 6,521 crore from the now-grounded carrier.
Such diversion can be monitored by Reserve Bank as it is sector regulator and there is need to strengthen the monitoring mechanism, sources said.
There has been a spate of defaults in the banking system. Majority of them are due to slow economic growth but there is small proportion of cases where defaults are intentional.
Recently, the Finance Ministry had ordered limited forensic audit into some non-performing accounts of Kolkata- based UCO Bank to find out whether there were any irregularities in sanction of loans.
FEATURED ARTICLES

External debt jumps $12.6 bn to $346.6 bn in Q1Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hindustan Oil Exploration CompanyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

This will be above 64Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Shares of tyre manufacturers have rallied by up to 10% in otherwise su...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy srs at this rate and within one year we can expect rs.40/-.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Occupy protesters prepare for police action in Hong Kong‘Occupy’ protesters brace for police action in Hong Kong
By Demetri Sevastopulo and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26dbe6c4-4c4d-11e4-90c1-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

News Corp to Buy Realty Website Operator Move for $950 MillionYou are here: Home Corporates
News Corp to Buy Realty Website Operator Move for $950 Million
Reuters | Updated On: October 01, 2014 00:35 (IST)
Dr Reddy's Launches Docetaxel Injection in US
Rupert Murdoch's News Corp said it would buy Move Inc, the owner of property websites such as realtor.com, for about $950 million to expand its digital marketing business.
News Corp said it would pay $21 per share for Move, a premium of 37 per cent to the company's closing price on Monday.
Australian real estate website REA Group Ltd, which is 61.6 per cent owned by News Corp, will take a 20 per cent stake in Move for about $200 million, News Corp said.
"In addition to boosting Move's subscription, advertising and software services, this acquisition will give News Corp a significant marketing platform for our media assets," News Corp CEO Robert Thomson said in a statement.
News Corp, which owns the Wall Street Journal as well as newspapers in the United Kingdom and Australia, is looking to expand its digital offerings in the face of dwindling advertising revenue from its print business.
Move, which also operates moving.com and seniorhousing.net, competes mainly with Trulia Inc, owner of trulia.com, and Zillow Inc, which owns zillow.com.
Speculation that Move would be acquired increased in July when Zillow agreed to buy Trulia for $3.5 billion in July, combining the top two US real estate websites.
Move, whose sites are accessible through move.com, reaches about 35 million people per month, making it the third-largest US property website operator.
Like trulia.com and zillow.com, realtor.com lists properties for sale or rent on behalf of homeowners and agents, and gets revenue through subscriptions from real estate agents and by selling advertising.
But while revenue has been rising, profits in the industry have been elusive. Trulia and Zillow lost a combined $30 million in 2013 while Move had a profit of $574,000.
CRT Capital analyst Neil Doshi had expected Move to be acquired, but was surprised that News Corp was the buyer.
"I think it fits well into the whole News Corp family," said Mr Doshi, who sees room for further mergers in the fragmented sector.
Benchmark Co analyst Daniel Kurnos wrote on September 11 that he expected Move's revenue to grow faster in 2015 as the US housing market picks up.
News Corp said it would commence a tender offer for Move shares within 10 business days and expected the deal to close by the end of the year.
Goldman Sachs was the financial adviser to News Corp and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP was legal adviser. Morgan Stanley was Move's financial adviser, while Cooley LLP acted as legal adviser.
Up to Monday's close, Move shares had gained 5 per cent since reports in July that Zillow was in talks to buy Trulia.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 22:33 (IST)

After Microsoft  Amazon May Now Set Up Data Centre in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
After Microsoft, Amazon May Now Set Up Data Centre in India
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 21:56 (IST)
Dr Reddy's Launches Docetaxel Injection in US
New Delhi: Amazon, the world's largest e-tailer, is evaluating setting up a data centre in India to tap into the multi-billion cloud opportunity in the county.
Amazon, which offers cloud services under Amazon Web Services (AWS), is looking to aggressively expand its foothold in the Indian market, which has players like Google and IBM offering similar services.
Speaking at a FICCI event, Amazon founder and chief Jeff Bezos said the AWS business has grown incredibly fast.
"We are always evaluating new locations. We have AWS. We started it long time ago and it has grown into a very large business, separate from our consumer business... we are building new data centres and are looking where we should put them and evaluating these in India as well," he said.
On Tuesday, software giant Microsoft had said it will set up three data centres offering commercial cloud services in India to tap what it estimates is a $2-trillion opportunity. These data centres are expected to be set up by the end of 2015.
Mr Bezos said the pace at which internet penetration is increasing in India is stunning and that is one of the tailwinds for the growth of e-commerce.
"India is unbelievably energising; the people are focused on learning and extremely inventive."
For Amazon, which launched its marketplace in India last year, India is one of its fastest growing markets and is on track to touch $1 billion in gross sales.
On small and medium businesses (SMBs), Mr Bezos said Amazon is working extensively with the Indian players, promoting several indigenous e-tailing initiatives.
He added an outreach programme is currently being run in India to train SMEs on how to use tools, techniques and processes that are available through Internet for promoting and expanding their businesses.
"Indian SMEs can reach out to the global audience and consumers across the globe with the application of right technology and right logistics planning," he said.
He further said that the company will upgrade logistics services and develop mobile platform and new tools and techniques to help small and medium businesses grow further.
In July this year, Amazon had announced an additional investment of $2 billion into its Indian operations to beef up its operations in India, where e-commerce is still in its nascent stages.
While the market currently is pegged at about $2.3 billion, a report by consulting firm Technopak expects the figure to touch $32 billion by 2020.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 20:24 (IST)

Tesco s 250-million-pound Black Hole: Who Was Minding the ShopDr Reddy's Launches Docetaxel Injection in US
London: "Things are always unnoticed, until they're noticed," Tesco Chairman Richard Broadbent said when asked how Britain's biggest retailer had failed to spot a 250 million pound ($410 million) sized hole in its first-half profits.
It was an oversight that led to a 4 billion pound drop in Tesco's market value and the suspension of four senior executives. The newly installed CEO called in forensic accountants and lawyers to find out what went wrong.
Whether conspiracy or cock-up, the scandal raises doubts over the management and financial oversight at Britain's largest private sector employer, now in the midst of the gravest crisis in its 95-year history.
"That whole finance organisation must be in a world of hurt given what has gone on. The rigour and analysis and the focus seems to have fallen away a little bit," one former UK Tesco director told Reuters on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the subject.
Tesco had once appeared unstoppable, boasting two decades of uninterrupted earnings growth as it bulldozed its way to dominance. Things began to go wrong in 2011.
It has now issued three profit warnings in two months with the latest causing the most alarm - the overstatement of its half-year profit forecast by 250 million pounds due to the early recognition of payments by suppliers and the pushing back of costs.
Investors, analysts and some former employees are questioning whether an aggressive culture influenced the way the company handled its finances - especially when trading slowed - and perhaps prevented staff from coming forward to warn that the numbers no longer stacked up.
Tesco has declined to comment on what may have happened until a review has been completed but chairman Broadbent has described it as "something completely out of the ordinary".
The revelation has also sparked scrutiny of the upper echelons of the company. The senior executives who ran Tesco during its glory years of the 1990s and 2000s have all left and the board lacks retail experience.
"The chairman has been the leader of this organisation that seems to have failed at every turn," said David Herro of large Tescon investor Harris Associates.
Four former senior Tesco executives have told Reuters that during the 2011-2014 CEO tenure of Phil Clarke, he repeatedly clashed with directors, who found him reluctant to take advice. During that time four of the company's most senior executives quit, taking a combined 109 years of experience with them.
Clarke has declined to comment on his management style but defenders of his record point out that he was battling the most difficult market conditions in decades.
The company's head of digital told a conference this week Tesco was too big and complex to be run by "one general".
Who's in charge?
People outside the company have many questions - not least who has been signing off on profit forecasts in the last three months which turned out, quickly, to be wrong.
By the time the group issued the second of its recent profit warnings on August. 29, Clarke, a 40-year Tesco veteran, was technically still CEO but was working his notice while Laurie McIlwee, the firm's chief financial officer since 2009, had quit on April 4. McIlwee declined to comment for this article.
"It seems unbelievable that a retailing colossus like Tesco should not have a full-time finance director," said Adrian Bailey, head of parliament's business committee.
Tesco's finance function had been further weakened in June when Mike Iddon quit as Tesco's group finance director, planning, treasury and tax.
Tesco says that after McIlwee's resignation on April 4 it set up a group of senior finance personnel, reporting directly to Clarke. However the company has declined to say who was in that group and Clarke was himself working down his notice.
"What was the board's scrutiny of the (second) profit warning (on August 29) and numbers that they put out, because you would expect it to be extreme?" asked one retail audit committee chairman, in reference to the profit downgrade and 75 per cent cut to Tesco's interim dividend.
"If you're a non-executive director and you're being asked to put out those kind of profound numbers and you've got no finance director and you've got no CEO to stand beside them, how do you know they're right?"
Overly ambitious
Tesco said the 250 million pound overstatement principally related to its supplier contracts within the food business of its UK division - its home market which generated 48.2 billion pounds of revenue in 2013-14.
People familiar with how Tesco operates said it had been overly ambitious when predicting sales. As they then slowed, the cash rebates paid out by suppliers as incentives also dropped.
Tesco has declined to comment but said it is investigating the accounts. New CEO Dave Lewis has told staff the firm's culture needs to change.
The former UK Tesco director believes the accounting mistake could have come about due to the combination of a loss of experience in the finance department and the fact that the business is now shrinking.
"You had a business that used to be growing and had algorithms that worked," the former director said. "When the business is flat to declining and you don't really know how much you're declining by, you can get that wrong very quickly."
During two decades of uninterrupted growth Tesco had rarely made a mistake with its numbers - it issued its first profit warning in living memory in 2012 as the competition ramped up.
However, analysts and shareholders have more recently raised concerns that Clarke and his colleagues had instilled a more aggressive approach as pressure to revive the business increased.
Bernstein analyst Bruno Monteyne, who was previously a supply chain director of Tesco Asia, said managers - possibly under pressure to improve earnings - might have brought forward promotions and the right to book supplier rebates.
Tesco declined to comment.
Cantor analyst Mike Dennis, who last year questioned how the company could be maintaining its trading margin at a time of falling sales and rising costs, noted that staff had been incentivised via share schemes to maintain the measure.
PwC, Tesco's auditors since 1983, had highlighted the rebate issue in its 2013-14 report as an "area of focus" due to the "risk of manipulation". Broadbent says Tesco's finance function was "working well with considerable oversight".
Thin on top
Analysts and investors have pointed out that the board is now very thin on retail experience. Broadbent, chairman for almost three years, was a former public official and banker.
Others on the board have experience in telecoms, media, finance and cars, while Patrick Cescau, the board's senior independent director, is a former chairman of Unilever, one of Tesco's biggest suppliers.
"In a situation such as this, the buck stops at the board," said Guy Jubb, head of governance and stewardship at Tesco investor Standard Life Investments.
Having drafted in the replacements for Clarke and McIlwee earlier than expected, the board now has two executive directors in the form of new CEO Lewis from Unilever and CFO Alan Stewart, formerly of Marks & Spencer. Stewart was appointed during the time of former CEO Clarke.
Tesco declined to comment on the retail experience of its board, or on who was involved in the planning of the August 29 statement. Trading statements do not have to be checked by an external accounting firm.
But the numbers are now being pored over.
A swathe of managers have had to hand in their laptops and phones as part of the internal probe and Britain's Serious Fraud Office has said it is watching events closely.
The country's financial regulator, the Financial Conduct Authority, has launched a full investigation and lawmakers are also considering whether to grill past and present executives over the error.
(1 US dollar = 0.6103 British pound)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Angry Birds Maker Rovio to Cut Up To 130 JobsYou are here: Home Corporates
Angry Birds Maker Rovio to Cut Up To 130 Jobs
Reuters | Updated On: October 02, 2014 19:07 (IST)
Dr Reddy's Launches Docetaxel Injection in US
Helsinki: Finnish mobile games maker Rovio, owner of the Angry Birds brand, plans to cut up to 130 jobs in Finland, or 16 per cent of its workforce, saying growth has not been as strong as expected and it needs a simpler structure.
Aiming to become an entertainment brand on a par with Walt Disney, Rovio has expanded the Angry Birds brand into an animated TV series and toys and clothing. It is also working on an animated movie, expected to premiere in 2016.
But it has struggled to retain players amid competition from new games, with operating profit halving last year to 36.5 million euros ($46 million) due to investments and stalling sales.
"We have been building our team on assumptions of faster growth than have materialized. As a result, we announced today that we plan to simplify our organisation ... we also need to consider possible employee reductions," chief rxecutive Mikael Hed said in a statement.
Angry Birds, in which players use a slingshot to attack pigs who steal birds' eggs, is the No.1 paid mobile application of all time, according to Rovio.
Analysts have said Rovio has been late to respond to a shift to freely available games on smartphones and tablets that make money when players buy virtual items to succeed in the game.
Rovio has introduced such features in its latest games such as Angry Birds Stella and Angry Birds Go!, but has yet to see a repeat of the success of the original game launched in 2009.
"In New York, (retailers) Toys R Us and Barnes & Noble seem to have reduced shelf space for Angry Birds products," said Tero Kuittinen, an analyst with media research company Frank N. Magid Associates.
He added prime space in some stores had recently been filled with merchandise for Minecraft, a popular video game created by Sweden's Mojang which Microsoft last month agreed to buy for $2.5 billion.
Rovio said on Thursday it wasn't planning to change its overall course, and added its strategic focus remained on games, media, and consumer products.
Judging from its sales of 156 million euros ($197 million) last year, it has fallen far behind mobile game peers.
Clash of Clans maker Supercell saw its revenue grow to $892 million in 2013, while sales at Sweden's King Digital Entertainment, which developed Candy Crush Saga, jumped more than tenfold to $1.88 billion. Mojang's sales totalled about 2.05 billion Swedish crowns, or $285 million.
(1 US dollar = 0.7913 euro)
(1 US dollar = 7.1909 Swedish crown)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Berkshire Hathaway Buys Largest Private US Auto DealerYou are here: Home Corporates
Berkshire Hathaway Buys Largest Private US Auto Dealer
Reuters | Updated On: October 02, 2014 21:56 (IST)
Dr Reddy's Launches Docetaxel Injection in US
New York: Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway said Thursday it is buying Van Tuyl Group, the largest private US auto dealer, putting the investment conglomerate into the auto business for the first time.
The group will be renamed Berkshire Hathaway Automotive, and Mr Buffett told a TV news channel it could be a launching-point to buy other car dealerships.
"We're in planes, trains and automobiles now... It took a little while," Mr Buffett said.
The value of the all-cash deal for the 78-location chain of dealerships was not disclosed, but Buffett put Van Tuyl's annual sales at $9 billion, making it the fifth biggest US dealership overall.
Larry Van Tuyl, the head of the 62-year-old family business, will become chairman of the unit under Berkshire and Van Tuyl chief operating officer Jeffrey Rachor will be the chief executive.
Larry Van Tuyl predicted annual sales of cars would rise from the current 16.4 million units annually to 18-19 million in the next three or four years, since many US consumers have yet to replace long-used vehicles in the slowly-recovering economy.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

EU Nod to Facebook for $19 Bn WhatsApp BidDr Reddy's Launches Docetaxel Injection in US
Brussels: Facebook, the world's leading social network, will win unconditional EU approval for its $19 billion offer for mobile messaging start-up WhatsApp in a deal pitting it against telecoms operators, two people familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
The landmark acquisition, the largest in Facebook's 10-year history, will give the company a firm foothold in the fast-growing mobile messaging market.
A plan by WhatsApp to add free voice-call services for its 450 million customers later this year, however, makes it a potentially powerful competitor to companies such as Deutsche Telekom, Telecom Italia and Telefonica.
Analysts said the move is likely to hit telecoms providers' turnover as the industry heads into its fifth year of revenue decline. The sector had looked to EU regulators to extract concessions from Facebook.
Facebook convinced the commission that the deal had no anti-competitive effect and, therefore, concessions were not necessary, the sources said.
"It's unconditional clearance," one of the people said, declining to be named because the decision by the European Commission was not yet public.
Commission spokesman Antoine Colombani declined to comment. The European Union competition authority has set an Oct. 3 deadline for its decision.
The deal does not seem to pose any competition problems as far as the commission is concerned, Tobias Caspary, a partner at law firm Fried Frank, said.
"Both parties are offering their services for free. It seems unlikely that customers are locked in with respect to instant messaging, and it would be relatively easy to switch to alternative offers, for example Skype or Line," he said.
"Also relevant factors looked at were probably that the entry barriers are relatively low for the instant messaging market, that this is still a nascent market characterized by rapid changes and growth, and that there are several recent entrants."
US regulators gave the green light for the deal in April, telling WhatsApp to stick to its current privacy practices after the merger, including not to use users' personal data for targeted ads.
WhatsApp and its rivals such as KakaoTalk, China's WeChat and Viber have in recent years won over telecoms operators' customers with a free text messaging option, posing a serious threat to the sector's revenues from this business, which totalled about $120 billion last year, according to market researcher Ovum.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Berlin has no right to lecture  says RenziMatteo Renzi says Berlin has no right to lecture its partners
By James Politi in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/910e5dc8-4ad7-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yahoo Plans to Invest in SnapchatYou are here: Home Corporates
Yahoo Plans to Invest in Snapchat
Reuters | Updated On: October 04, 2014 12:52 (IST)
Dr Reddy's Launches Docetaxel Injection in US
Yahoo Inc plans to invest a part of the proceeds from the Alibaba Group Holding Ltd stake sale in mobile app Snapchat, which lets users send messages that disappear after a few seconds, the Wall Street Journal said.
Yahoo and Snapchat held talks that are expected to lead to an investment in the mobile-messaging startup's next funding round, the Journal said, citing three people familiar with the matter.
The round values Snapchat at about $10 billion and it was not clear how much Yahoo plans to invest in the hugely popular application, the Journal said.
Yahoo and Snapchat were not immediately available for comments.
Institutional Venture Partners and DST Global, two previous Snapchat investors, are also planning to invest in the company, the paper reported, citing two people familiar with the matter.
Yahoo's shares were up 1.4 per cent at $41.07 in late trading on Friday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Pilgrimage: Kavad Yatra in MaheshwarYahoo Lifestyle/Sangeeta Das/ Pranay Gharde - Every year in the Hindu month of Shravan, pilgrims make the long, hard journey to Maheshwar on the banks of the Narmada river.
By Sangeeta Das
I decided to make a quick trip to the abode of Shiva by the Narmada to experience the essence of the monsoon at its best in a rustic surrounding. While driving from Indore to Maheshwar, I realized that I had inadvertently chosen the holy month of Shravan (July-August). During the two-hour journey on the relatively well-maintained highway splashed with shades of green, there was a steady stream of saffron-clad men and women walking on either side of the road.
Pilgrims travel on foot on to visit the Shiva temples at Maheshwar.
These were Kavad or Kanwar pilgrims on their way to Shiva temples during the holy month. The name Kanwar is derived from the single pole that the pilgrims carried on their shoulders with two pots filled with water tied at either end. As we drove by, I saw the pilgrims. They were young and the old, sometimes barefoot or shod, sometimes in slow and rickety vans blaring the latest peppy tunes whose lyrics were altered with religious words. Most of them take a dip in the Narmada, wear saffron garb, fill their pots with the holy river water, and make their way towards a famous Shiva temple or a local temple in their village where Shiva is the prime deity. Earlier, only a few sadhus and a handful of devotees would make this journey. In the last few years, however, thousands of people across northern India could be seen flocking to the holy cities along the Ganges and Narmada rivers.
Boys join the pilgrimage procession to Maheshwar.
After reaching Maheshwar, I spent half a day on the banks of Narmada, watching pilgrims arrive for the ritualistic dip, emerging in saffron clothes to the chant of “Bol Bam” and heading out after offering prayers in the temple. The infectious enthusiasm of the young and the old, as well as ladies who seemed to have stepped out from home for the first time, was strong enough to entice me into taking a dip. A young child who had come along with his father was the most enthusiastic of the lot, scrubbing his pot clean before he filled it with water. Having been there and done that, sexagenarian couples were hoping for Shiva’s blessings to be together again in the next life, and aimless teenagers seemed to have found a goal and direction for a few days.
Elderly pilgrims make the kavad yatra to Maheshwar.
A young child joins the kavad yatra to Maheshwar.
As groups of pilgrims arrived and departed, I munched on a deliciously soft corncob wondering if this was just a pilgrimage to appease Shiva at the temple or an opportunity to attend to the Shiva within us. After the summer heat, the physical body is drained and the mind often agitated, so a dip in the cool river water soothes the body and mind. Walking mindfully for a long distance with a pole hanging on one shoulder is about focus, being in the present, and attaining balance in life. As I walked away from the ghat with that thought, I wished for each and every pilgrim to achieve his or her desires.
Fact file
Maheshwar is located in Khargone district of southwestern Madhya Pradesh. It is 90 km by road from Indore, a distance that can be easily covered in two hours.
Best time to visit: July to March
Recommended places to stay: Ahilya Fort Hotel, Labboos Café & Lodge, MP Tourism Narmada Retreat
Food: Labboos Café offers awesome vegetarian food
Sangeeta Das is a one-time workaholic now on a journey to cultivate infinite patience and acceptance and experience life as a vacation through travel, food, people, yoga and things that touch her soul. She blogs at Life is a Vacation

Smiling Korea bids goodbye to AsiadUpdated: October 4, 2014 23:32 IST
Smiling Korea bids goodbye to Asiad
Stan Rayan
Tweet
PTI GOODBYE INCHEON, HELLO JAKARTA: Indonesian artists at the Closing Ceremony give a glimpse of what to expect in 2018 when the Asian Games moves to the archipelago nation.
PTI The Indian contingent at the Closing Ceremony gets into the mood of things as the members sway to the music.
SLIDESHOW
Summer Asian Games
Their smiles have brought joy to all those who were in Incheon the last couple of weeks and more for the Asian Games. Young girls and boys, with bright sparkling faces, have been a joy to behold. They did not know a word of English but slowly, one realised that language was not a barrier.
As the 17th edition of the Continental Games wound up at the Asiad Main Stadium here on Saturday night, one felt the same warmth as Korea bid goodbye to the Games.
It did not cost Korea a lot to host the Games. It was not like Guangzhou or Doha, but Incheon showed it could deliver even while cutting costs.
The closing ceremony was a simple affair; there was not much on the menu with very little fireworks. It was like a light meal, and tasty too.
Little children from the Rainbow Choir, in fact 30 of them, opened the show with a lovely number that sent a message of peace and appreciation to their Asian friends.
And then there was the graceful Chunsanghwa, a creative dance performance by young girls taking the audience to a dream world.
The dance offered hope to the 4.5 billion Asians, luring them to dream and offering them hope that these dreams come true.
A taekwondo performance and the so-go drum dance followed. Then a nice video on how the athletes here enjoyed their days in Incheon was also shown.
The stadium was packed, all the 60,000 seats were taken and a little later, when the athletes came, dancing and singing, with the Indians trying their hand on their many big drums, there was joy all around.
Japanese swimmer Hagino Kusuke, who won seven medals, including four golds here, won the Most Valuable Player of the Games award.
The flag of the first Asian Games, held in New Delhi in 1951, was then handed to the next host, Indonesia which will host it in Jakarta in 2018. A little later, dancers from Indonesia offered a glimpse of what to expect when the Asian family moves to Jakarta four years from now.
“My message to all athletes here is to take what you have learnt at the Asian Games and move up to the next level, the Olympic Games,” said Sheikh Ahmad Al Fahad Al Sabah, the President of the Olympic Council of Asia.
Incheon was a happy experience for many and the Korean Prime Minister Chung Hong Won was happy to hear that from the many dignitaries around.
For Korea, a land of smiling faces, offered everyone a chance to dream.

Thousands of protesters gather in central Hong Kong© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/481ce604-4ad0-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM Modi targets political goals with Swachh BharatThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pakistan violates ceasefire for 10th time th...Pakistan violates ceasefire again, 10th time this month
PTI Oct 5, 2014, 01.27PM IST
(On October 1 and 2, Pakistani…)
JAMMU: Violating the ceasefire for the 10th time this month, Pakistani troops today opened heavy fire on Indian posts along the LoC in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir.
Army troops guarding the borderline with Pakistan effectively responded to the firing.
"Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire by resorting to unprovoked and heavy firing on Indian forward posts along LoC in Balnoie sub-sector of Poonch district around 0800 hours", Defence Spokesman Lt Col Manish Mehta said here.
There was no causality on the Indian side till reports last came in from the area.
This was the tenth ceasefire violation along the Indo-Pak border in Jammu and Kashmir since October 1. There have been seven ceasefire violations along the LoC in Poonch and three along the IB in Jammu.
Pakistani troops had yesterday fired mortar shells along the LoC in Poonch district, drawing equal retaliation from Army.
On October 3, Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire four time by shelling forward areas and villages along LoC and International Border in Gulmarg sector of Kashmir Valley and Poonch and Jammu sector in Jammu region in which a girl was killed and six persons were injured.
On October 1 and 2, Pakistani troops had violated the ceasefire two times along the LoC in Poonch district resulting in injuries to six persons and damage to some houses.
On October two, Pakistani troops had targeted border hamlets in forward areas along the LoC in Jammu and Kashmir's Poonch district by shelling them with mortar bombs and firing resulting in injuries to six civilians.
There have been over 100 ceasefire violations by Pakistan along the Line of Control in recent months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt to take call on NFL divestment in 2015-16Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

MNS springs a surprise  gives poll ticket to a north IndianE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hong Kong mothers can be proud of these kidsOctober 3, 2014 9:52 pm
Hong Kong mothers can be proud of these kids
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/de4b6bf6-4af2-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Occupy protesters prepare for police action in Hong Kong‘Occupy’ protesters brace for police action in Hong Kong
By Demetri Sevastopulo and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26dbe6c4-4c4d-11e4-90c1-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

As mark of respect for Bal Thackeray  Modi to remain silent on Shiv SenaComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses a public rally ahead of Maharashtra state assembly elections in Mumbai. (Source: AP)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said he will not a utter a word against estranged BJP ally Shiv Sena during the campaign for the October 15 Maharashtra polls as a mark of respect for Bal Thackeray.
On the second day of his poll campaign in Maharashtra, Modi launched a blistering attack on NCP chief Sharad Pawar, saying he lacks the qualities of Maratha leader Shivaji and “failed” to address the water woes of the people of the state as Chief Minister and Agriculture Minister.
ALSO READ:  BJP back-stabbed Bal Thackeray by snapping ties with Shiv Sena, says Aditya Thackeray
Talking about BJP’s estranged ally Sena , he said, “Political pundits are saying why is Modi not criticising Shiv Sena in his speeches (during poll campaign). This is the first election in absence of late Bal Thackeray, for whom I have great respect. I have decided not to utter a single word against Shiv Sena. This is my tribute to Balasaheb Thackeray”.
“There are some things which are above politics…There are feelings. Not everything should be linked to politics,” the 64-year-old BJP leader said addressing a poll rally at Tasgaon in Sangli district of western Maharashtra, from where former state Home Minister R R Patil is NCP nominee.
BJP has fielded former Congress MLA Ajit Ghorpade against Patil for this key poll battle in Maharashtra. Modi, who began his speech in Marathi, launched a scathing on Pawar for his comments about Shivaji “plundering” the treasury of Surat.
“Pawar’s statement has hurt me deeply. You don’t have knowledge of history. Gujarat was part of Maharashtra prior to its formation in 1960. We have considered Maharashtra as big brother,” he said.
“We never thought what you said. I want to ask Pawar: you speak of Shivaji. It was the Vajpayee government which named Mumbai airport after Shivaji. You were CM but did not think of it. Even Victoria Terminus was named Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus by Vajpayee government,” the PM said.
“There is no chance of you (Pawar) getting Shivaji’s qualities in your character. But as agriculture minister, had you implemented Shivaji’s water management techniques, farmers of Maharashtra would not have committed suicide,” he said.

UK woman marries herself!Press Trust of India | London | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:54 pm
A woman in the UK who was fed up of being single got married to herself in a full wedding ceremony attended by 50 guests.
Grace Gelder, a photographer by profession, said that after being single for six years she had built up a brilliant relationship with herself – and creating that bond with someone else seemed like too much hard work.
Gelder even ‘proposed’ to herself on a park bench in Parliament Hill, London, last November and walked solo down the aisle in mid-March this year, ‘mirror.co.uk’ reported.
Gelder bought a dress, a ring, rehearsed vows and eventually wed in a farmhouse in rural Devon watched by her sister and friends – sealing the deal by planting a kiss on a mirror.
“A few did comment, in a light-hearted way, that it was a bit narcissistic,” Gelder said.
“Obviously, if you have just announced you’re marrying yourself, it is plainly a statement of self-love, and I was under no illusion how self-indulgent that might appear.
“But I was completely comfortable with my motivations. I’d been on a journey of personal development using meditation, dance and performance to increase my self-awareness,” Gelder told the Guardian.
Although the wedding holds no legal ground, Gelder is glad she is no longer a ‘single’ lady.

US aid workers parents plead for his releaseThis undated photo provided by Kassig Family shows Peter Kassig standing in front of a truck filled with supplies for Syrian refugees. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Indianapolis | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:34 pm
The parents of a US man threatened with beheading by the Islamic State group are pleading with his captors to free him, saying in a video statement Saturday that their son has devoted his life to humanitarian work and aiding Syria’s war refugees.
Ed and Paula Kassig’s video was released a day after the Islamic State group’s online video threatened to behead 26-year-old Peter Kassig next, following the beheading of British aid worker Alan Henning.
That video was a heartbreaking development for Kassig’s family and friends, who had stayed silent since his capture while working to secure his release.
In the family’s video, Ed Kassig says his son, who now goes by the first name Abdul-Rahman after converting to Islam during his captivity, was captured on Oct. 1, 2013, in Syria, where he was providing aid for Syrians fleeing that country’s civil war.
He says his son has grown “to love and admire” the Syrian people, after growing up in an Indianapolis family with a long history of humanitarian work and teaching.
“Our son was living his life according to that same humanitarian call when he was taken captive,” says Ed Kassig, a teacher.
The family says Kassig, a former U.S. Army Ranger, formed the aid organization Special Emergency Response and Assistance, or SERA, in Turkey to provide aid and assistance to Syrian refugees. He began delivering food and medical supplies to Syrian refugee camps in 2012 and is also a trained medical assistant who provided trauma care to injured Syrian civilians and helped train 150 civilians in providing medical aid.
His work in Lebanon led to his capture when he crossed the border into Syria. After than, SERA suspended its aid efforts.
Paula Kassig, a nurse, sits next to her husband on a couch in the couple’s three-minute video, wearing a head scarf and holding a photo of her son as she speaks directly to him.
“Most of all, know that we love you, and our hearts ache for you to be granted your freedom so we can hug you again and then set you free to continue the life you have chosen, the life of service to those in greatest need,” she says. “We implore those who are holding you to show mercy and use their power to let you go.”
The family says Kassig served in the Army from 2006 to 2007. He was a member of the 75th Ranger Regiment and served four months in Iraq in 2007 before being medically discharged at the rank of private first class in September of that year, his military record shows.
Kassig focused on humanitarian work after leaving the military. While attending Indianapolis’ Butler University, he worked to help refugees from Myanmar continued…

Post Bang Bang  Hrithik Roshan keen on mental break"Bang Bang" has been a special film for the actor.
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:28 pm
A well-deserved break is all that’s on actor Hrithik Roshan’s mind following his latest Bollywood release “Bang Bang”. He feels a mental break would be just right before he begins work on the mega project “Mohenjo Daro”.
“I’m hoping I’ll make time for sometime away for a mental break,” Hrithik had told IANS in a telephonic interview before the release of “Bang Bang”, which hit the screens on October 2.
“Variety is very important in life. If you get monotonous in doing one thing, it will kill your enthusiasm. So it is very important to take that break and then I’ll come back with a bang with ‘Mohenjo Daro’, which is yet another very big challenge,” added the 40-year-old.
Also read – Hrithik Roshan’s ‘Bang Bang’ collects Rs 51 crore in two days
“Bang Bang” has been a special film for the actor. He has pushed his limits as far as the stunts and dance is concerned at a time when he himself was going through physical and emotional turmoil in his life.
Now after the glitzy and glamorous action in “Bang Bang”, he’s looking forward to the historical set up of “Mohenjo Daro”, which is a love story set in the Indus Valley civilisation. Gowariker has put together an ensemble of international technicians to work on the film — which will be perhaps his biggest offering to Hindi cinema.
“It’s going to be a very big film, a very big dream. I am working with Ashutosh for the second time. He’s the first director with whom I’m working with for the second time. This is going to be interesting,” he said.
Talking further about the project, which is scheduled to release ahead of Republic Day in 2016, the Bollywood hearthrob said: “The script is a beautiful love story with the backdrop of the Indus Valley civilisation. It’s something that’s never been done before. So, I am very excited about it.”
Read – The tongue-in-cheek review of Bang Bang
For now, Hrithik is happy and proud of the response that “Bang Bang” at the box office. The movie, directed by Siddharth Anand, is said to have recorded a collection of Rs. 51.62 crore within two days of its release.
The Fox Star Studios production, which also stars Katrina Kaif, minted Rs.27.54 crore on day one and one day two, it managed to get a business of Rs.24.08 crore.

After Modi rally  Shiv Sena workers clean venue groundComments
Call it “Gandhigiri” or a response to the Prime Minister’s cleanliness campaign, Shiv Sena workers on Sunday cleaned the Mahalaxmi racecourse ground where Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed poll rally on Saturday night.
Sena corporator Arun Dudhwadkar was on his morning walk routine when he noticed garbage at the rally ground, party officials said.
Dudhwadkar immediately asked Sena workers to reach the ground and clean the area, they said.
Accordingly, Sena workers arrived with brooms and buckets and cleaned the ground, collecting leftover water bottles and campaign flags and banners.
The 25-year-old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance split 10 days back amid deadlock over seat-sharing for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls.
State BJP leaders had announced severing of ties between the two parties, blaming Shiv Sena’s “inflexibility” for it.
BJP leaders had said the party would not criticise Sena during the poll campaign.

PMGSY contractors ready to quit as Centre holds back 80 pc fundsPrint
Written by Maulshree Seth | Lucknow | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:14 pm
Pradhan Mantri Gramin Sadak Yojana (PMGSY), a flagship scheme of the previous NDA government under Atal Bihari Vajpayee, seems not to have found much favour with the incumbent dispensation under Narendra Modi.
The Centre has allocated less than 20 per cent of the budget sanctioned by the previous UPA government for over 3000 km of rural roads in Uttar Pradesh under the scheme. The contractors working on the road projects are now threatening to leave the project midway citing fund shortage.
Against the sanctions and approval  of about Rs 3,000 crore by the UPA government in the last fiscal, the NDA government has released only about Rs 550 crore in the current financial year to the state.
While the amount was expected to be utilised by the end of September, Uttar Pradesh Rural Road Development Agency is already flooded with complaints with contractors threatening to leave the construction midway. Not having funds to complete ongoing construction of roads under PMGSY-I, the state government has decided to put new tenders for about 2000 km length of roads under PMGSY-II on hold.
PMGSY-II was launched in 2013 and in January, 2014, the UPA government had sanctioned upgrade of 1,913 km length of rural roads in 47 districts of the state at a cost of Rs 1134 crore.
However, against the approval and sanctions of Rs 1,932 crore for about 6,000-km rural roads under PMGSY-I and Rs 1,134 crore for undertaking the upgradation work under PMGSY-II, the state government has been allocated only about Rs 550 crore. This includes actual allocations of Rs 465 crore along with about Rs 79 crore in interest from last year.
Anuj Kumar Jha, Chief Executive Officer, Uttar Pradesh Rural Road Development Agency confirmed that the tender for upgradation of 252 roads of 1,913-km length have been put on hold.
“We are already six months into the current financial year and out of the sanctions and approvals of about Rs 3000 crore, we have got only about Rs 550 crore for the current financial year. Since it is more logical to first complete the ongoing construction work, the tenders for upgradation work under PMGSY-II have been put on hold for a time being,” said Jha.
Sources in the government inform that while UP has been alleging bias in several central government schemes but in this case, almost all the states in the country are facing similar scenario as NDA government has allocated only about 20 per cent of the total funds sanctioned by the previous government.
While Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has written to Modi seeking remaining amount of sanctioned funds for the state, sources inform that Chief Secretary Alok Ranjan too pursued it with Union Rural Development Ministry. Sources said that if the situation continues, government might seek help from institutions like NABARD for assistance.
“It is true that some contractors have stopped work and others are threatening to do so but we are pursuing the case. While the Chief Minister and Chief Secretary have already written to the Centre, we are exploring other resources also,” said continued…

Pakistan Taliban vows to send jihadists to h...You are here: Home > Collections > Group
Pakistani Taliban switches side; vows to send jihadists to help IS
PTI Oct 5, 2014, 01.54PM IST
Tags:
Al-Qaeda
(Al-Qaeda, which includes…)
ISLAMABAD: The Pakistani Taliban has switched allegiance to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, which has been vying for supremacy with the al-Qaeda in the region, and vowed to send jihadists to help the ruthless terror group.
Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) headed by fugitive Mullah Fazlullah issued a statement yesterday ahead of Eid ul-Azha , expressing support for the ISIS or IS, which has captured a swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria.
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the IS, declared himself as Caliph of the Islamic State.
TTP spokesman Shahidullah Shahid sent Fazlullah's Eid message to media which said that all Muslim fighters in the Middle East should unite for the greater good.
"We consider the fighters in Iraq and Syria as our brothers and are proud of their victories. We are their part and parcel in times of joy and sadness," the statement said.
"The Muslim nation has great expectations from the fighters in Iraq and Syria. We are with you in the hour of trial and will support you in all possible ways," it added.
IS is a splinter group of the al-Qaeda which has distanced itself from the outfit, chiding it for its aggressive and brutal expansion.
Al-Qaeda, which includes dozens of Pakistan-based terror groups and sectarian outfits, is facing challenges from IS which is trying to extend its influence into South Asia.
Despite the rhetoric of militants, it is highly unlikely that Taliban at this stage are in a position to help the IS or other militant groups in Middle East.
Taliban command and control system has been destroyed by army in North Waziristan and they are constantly on the run.
They have also suffered internal splits and some powerful militants like Omer Khalid Khurasani have parted ways with the group by creating Jamaat-ul-Ahrar outfit.
Similarly, TTP lost support of Taliban's Punjabi faction whose leader Asmatullah Muawiya has announced not to fight the Pakistani security forces.
There are several question marks whether the TTP can send its jihadists to fight on the side of IS due to geographical and logistical problems. As far as support through money or weapons is concerned, the Taliban is not a rich organisation to give material support to others.
In the past, TTP could help other militant group by offering a handful of suicide bombers, but it seems that the outfit is running short of them as there is dramatic decline in such attacks since North Waziristan operation where their centers to train suicide bombers have been destroyed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I would have protested differently: Mary KomSummer Asian Games
She understands the emotion behind L Sarita Devi’s tearful protest on the Asian Games podium but M C Mary Kom, who became the first Indian woman boxer to win a gold at the mega-event, said faced with a similar crisis, she would have shown dissent differently.
Speaking to PTI after returning from Incheon, Mary Kom said she does not want to dwell on the controversy too much but supports her fellow Manipuri.
“I really do not want to comment on it anymore. I feel sad for her, she should have won that semifinal bout. I understand her pain and fully support the issue she raised but personally I would have protested differently though I can’t say how. This is my personal thought but I support her,” said the Olympic bronze-medallist and five-time world champion.
“I hope judges and referees are fair in all competitions, there is nothing more I can say on it.”
Sarita had refused to accept her bronze medal during the Games’ presentation ceremony after controversially losing her semifinal bout to Korean Ji-na Park. Disconsolate on the podium, Sarita hung the bronze around Park’s neck before walking away as a mark of protest.
Her actions prompted the International Boxing Association (AIBA) to open disciplinary proceedings against her even as the Olympic Council of Asia let her off with a warning. Sarita has since apologised for her actions on the podium.
However, the Koreans did draw quite a bit of flak for the standard of judging in the bouts involving their boxers with five countries writing to AIBA to protest.
Mary Kom, who defeated a Korean in the opening round, said she personally did not feel anything fishy in her bouts.
“I faced a Korean in the first round itself. The only difference I can tell you is that in Sarita’s case it was 70 per cent Sarita and 30 per cent Park. But it was 100 per cent Mary in my bout,” she said.
In fact, the 31-year-old mother-of-three Mary said she did not face a single tough bout in the competition.
“I feel the bouts were all easy for me there. I never took any of them lightly before stepping into the ring but ended up winning easily. They were tiring but easy bouts,” she laughed.
“As far as the level of competition is concerned, I feel it is more or less the same that I faced in Guangzhou Asian Games. It hasn’t changed much but I personally feel fitter and stronger,” said the Manipuri, who had won a bronze in the previous edition of the Games.
Basking in the glory of her historic feat at the Asiad, where she was the only gold-medallist in boxing for India, Mary Kom said she is undecided about participating in the World Championships scheduled from November 13 in Jeju Islands in Korea.
“I don’t know, I have not thought about it as yet. I will decide whether to go later this month,” she said.
Talking about her future, Mary Kom said her next target is a gold medal in Rio Olympics in 2016.
“I want gold there. I will try my level best to be there,” she signed off.

Trading light house by srivarsanganesh shared publicly - yeste...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Neither fii nor dii holding a single share in this company . so no rel...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

in 2012 and 2013 the board meeting was on 15 november. this year too ...Platinum Member
99 Followers
dear Mr.Brokerji,  I am an investor  with long term plans which may last many years  of hold. I am watching only the quarterly results to take decision. If results are good along with positive market sentiments superhouse may trade at  600 rupees  in future. I dont have time frame or target. People who know the area and management said me they acquired land and expanding.
5.46 PM Oct 4th

Dear sayaba  total gtl infra shares with me is around 2 lakh nos.so t...Platinum Member
152 Followers
What do you mean by rock ? It was down by 15 paise and if rocks, it will be up by 10 paise. Do you mean of such up as a rocking ?
9.31 PM Oct 4th

Occupy protesters prepare for police action in HK‘Occupy’ protesters brace for police action in Hong Kong
By Demetri Sevastopulo and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26dbe6c4-4c4d-11e4-90c1-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers likely to get Navaratna status this yearOct 04, 2014 at 12:04am IST
Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers likely to get Navaratna status this year
10
0
New Delhi: State-owned Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers is likely to get the 'Navaratna' status this year, a move that will provide it greater financial autonomy.
Replying to shareholders' queries at the 37th Annual General Meeting, RCF Chairman and Managing Director R G Rajan said: "The company is expected to get the Navaratna status by the end of December, 2014".
According to the latest list of the Department of Public Enterprises, there are 17 PSUs which are accredited with the 'Navaratna' status including Bharat Electronics Ltd and Engineers India Ltd.
State-owned Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers is likely to get the 'Navaratna' status this year, a move that will provide it greater financial autonomy.
#rashtriya chemicals and fertilizers #navaratna
According to the DPE guidelines, Navaratna PSUs can decide on their own on investment of 30 per cent of their networth in projects in India or abroad. Besides, the board of directors of these PSEs have the powers for mergers and acquisitions, subject to certain conditions.
The aim of having categorised some PSUs as Navaratnas was to help them emerge as global players.
RCF, which already has the 'Miniratna' status has already made presentation before the DPE, and is likely to make one final presentation in the coming days, sources added.
The Navaratna status is presently subject to the condition that these PSUs shall not depend up on budgetary support or government guarantees.
Wherever the government guarantee is required under the standard stipulations of external donor agencies, it may be obtained from the Ministry of Finance via the administrative Ministry. Such Government guarantee will not affect the Navratna status.
The government plans to divest at least 5 per cent stake in RCF in 2015-16.
RCF had reported net profit of Rs 83.95 crore for the first quarter ended on June 30, on account of higher income.
5

Amazon Chief Calls on PM Modi  Says India  Unbelievably EnergisingDr Reddy's Launches Docetaxel Injection in US
New Delhi: E-commerce major Amazon's chief executive, Jeffrey P Bezos, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday.
"Jeffrey P. Bezos, President, Chairman and CEO of Amazon.com, called on the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today," an official release said.
Mr Bezos have been visiting Indian cities this week. Amazon, the world's largest e-tailer, has already committed $2 billion investment in the country.
Earlier this week, he had said that Amazon is evaluating setting up a data centre in India to tap into the multi-billion cloud opportunity.
"We are always evaluating new locations. We have AWS (Amazon Web Services) . We started it long time ago and it has grown into a very large business, separate from our consumer business," Mr Bezos had said.
"We are building new data centres and are looking where we should put them and evaluating these in India as well," he had said.
For Amazon, which launched its marketplace in India last year, the country is one of its fastest growing markets and is on track to touch $1 billion in gross sales.
Mr Bezos had said the pace at which internet penetration was increasing in India was stunning and that was one of the tailwinds for the growth of e-commerce.
"India is unbelievably energising; the people are focused on learning and extremely inventive," he had said.
Story first published on: October 03, 2014 20:41 (IST)

My heart belongs to cinemaUpdated: October 4, 2014 19:29 IST
My heart belongs to cinema
Archana Subramanian
Deepika Padukone in Happy New Year
TOPICS
celebrity
She came, she saw, she conquered. It's clearly going to be a very Happy New Year for Deepika Padukone.
If looks could kill, the audience would be dead. Dressed in black, with red lipstick and red nail polish, Deepika Padukone looks striking. She is in Chennai with the film crew to promote her upcoming Farah Khan film Happy New Year, and exudes all the charm of her on-screen character Mohini.
The fact that she remembers that I have interviewed her before is self-assuring, as I sit down all geared up to shoot a few questions before I run out of my allotted minutes. Om Shanti Om to Happy New Year and back to Farah Khan and Shah Rukh Khan, it must feel like a homecoming after seven years. “Well, though I have done a film with Shah Rukh in between this, working on Happy New Year brings back memories of Om Shanti Om, my first movie, simply because of the way they were protective about me. Not coming from a film background, I have learnt everything here. And it's only when I sit down for interviews like this do I realise that it's been seven years. I have so much to learn and to do still!”
The cameraman walks in and begins clicking feverishly. A little peeved, she asks him to click after the interview is done.
We talk of Brand Deepika. “Everything I do — be it films, ads or endorsements — is all because of my films. The films have made me, and the brands know that I bring some value to them. However, the characters in the movie leave a lasting image on the minds of people and this is what brands work on. And if I can make that lasting impression or make a difference, why not?”
Shantipriya, Gayatri, Meera, Shonali, Aaliyah, Veronica, Naina, Angie — the list of characters Deepika has played. Which is closest to her heart? “Naina Talwar,” she says, instantly. “Very rarely do you come across a character that you identify with. I identified with her back story and her journey and that’s why she remains closest to my heart.”
In Happy New Year, Deepika is bar dancer Mohini. How did she prepare for it? “Fortunately,” she says, “I had seen a few movies on bar dancers, but you don’t want to typecast it; you want to do it differently. I am lucky that a large part of my character is in the writing itself. For the body language, Farah and I sat together. You also need to be true to the moment. And as far as challenging goes, it was only the initial part that was difficult. Once I bit into it, I was able to enjoy it.”
In Finding Fanny, critics and audiences found Deepika’s acting beautifully natural. Would she rather do more such roles or does she prefer masala movies? “I don’t like to classify voices as masala or other types. For me, the effort I put into a film whether it’s Finding Fanny or the masala movies is the same. I enjoy both, depending on the character and what I like at that point.”
How could I end without touching upon the huge cleavage controversy? But Deepika doesn’t bite: “The more I talk about this, the more meanings will be drawn. I have made my point and I think it’s best to leave it like that.”
But if there’s one thing she will want on screen or off screen, what would it be? “Respect,” she says, “It’s what all women want.”

Hackers who hit JPMorgan attacked some nine other firms: Report29
2
Boston: About nine other banks and brokerages were infiltrated by the same group of hackers who recently attacked computer systems at JPMorgan Chase & Co, the New York Times reported late on Friday, citing unnamed people briefed on the matter.
The report, which could not be independently verified and did not identify any of the victims beyond JPMorgan, said it was not clear how serious the attacks had been.
JPMorgan said on Thursday that names and contact information for some 83 million household and small business customers were stolen, making it one of the biggest data breaches in history.
JPMorgan on Thursday said that names and contact information for some 83 million household and small business customers were stolen.
#internet #jp morgan #data breach #cybersecurity
The New York Times said the breadth of the attacks and uncertainty about the motives of the hackers are troubling U.S. policymakers and intelligence officials.
Representatives with the U.S. Secret Service could not be reached for comment on Saturday morning. The Secret Service is investigating the attack on JPMorgan.
6

EPFO s subscribers to get a/c update in real time from Oct 16EPFO's subscribers to get accounts update in real time from Oct 16
PTI  New Delhi, October 05, 2014
First Published: 11:04 IST(5/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:38 IST(5/10/2014)
Comments
Over four crore subscribers of the retirement fund body EPFO would be able to access their provident fund accounts online on real time basis using a dedicated members' web portal from October 16.
The Universal Account Number (UAN) member's portal will help Employees' Provident Fund Organisation's (EPFO) to monitor whether their employers are depositing their PF contributions.
The UAN members' portal is likely to be launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 16, a senior official said adding that in the first phase the members' accounts would be accessible and become portable for lifetime.
As the UAN will be a portable account, the formal sector workers would not have to apply for transfer of PF accounts on changing jobs.
The official said that eventually the EPFO would provide more value added services like paperless settlement of provident fund withdrawal claims like during retirement and fixing of pension after attaining the age of 58 years.
According to him, the EPFO is on track to complete the seeding of over four crore UANs issued in the last week of July this year.
As per the information uploaded on the website of the EPFO, there are 4.18 crore contributing members who are employed in 4.3 lakh different firms across the country.
At present, EPFO has already captured bank account details in respect of 2.04 crore employees, PAN details of 92.94 lakh employees and Aadhar number in respect of 35.4 lakh workers.
The official said that in order to improve the quality of service under the UAN programme, at least bank account number of all the members need to be seeded with portable PF accounts as this would make the PF withdrawal and other claims settlements less time consuming.
EPFO has recently made it mandatory for firms to provide their employees' bank account numbers with IFSC code of bank branch to facilitate allotment of universal PF account number and payment to its subscribers.
As per an office order, the firms would have to furnish the information regarding the core banking account number with IFSC code of the bank branch in respect of existing members by October 15.

FIIs net investment in equities sinks to Rs 5 100 cr in SeptFIIs net investment in equities sinks to Rs 5,100 cr in Sept
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 5:  
Overseas investors have pumped in a little over Rs 5,100 crore in Indian equity markets in September, making it the lowest net investment in seven months.
Foreign investors were gross buyers of equities worth Rs 93,493 crore last month, while they sold shares amounting to Rs 88,391 crore — translating into a net investment of Rs 5,102 crore (USD 845 million) for the period, as per the latest data.
This was the lowest net investment by foreign investors in equity markets since February when they had infused Rs 1,404 crore.
Market analysts said the government’s decision to defer gas price hike coupled with the Supreme Court’s verdict on cancellation of coal blocks provided foreign investors some reason to offload shares.
Foreign investors are still upbeat on the Indian equity market, they added.
However, overseas investors (Foreign institutional investors, sub—accounts or foreign portfolio investors) continued to bet on the debt market and poured in close to Rs 16,000 crore ($2.6 billion) in this segment.
Since the beginning of this year, foreign investors have infused a net amount of Rs 83,438 crore ($14 billion) into the share market, while they invested a net of Rs 1.18 lakh crore into the debt market (USD 19.6 billion).
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Government looking at merging FMC with SebiOct 05, 2014 at 11:50am IST
Government looking at merging FMC with Sebi
7
0
New Delhi: The government is considering a proposal to merge the Forward Markets Commission (FMC) with capital market regulator Sebi to ensure better monitoring of the commodity futures market.
"One of the options being considered by the government is merging FMC with Sebi," said a senior Finance Ministry official. Alternatively, the official said, the government may also pursue the long-pending proposal to give more powers to FMC by amending the Forward Contract Regulation Act (FCRA) Amendment Bill.
While FMC is the regulator for commodities trading, while the Sebi regulates the capital markets. The move would also help in improving the regulatory architecture for the futures commodity trading.
"One of the options being considered by the government is merging FMC with Sebi," said a senior Finance Ministry official.
#finance ministry #sebi #tracking the modi government #fcra amendment bill
Earlier the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC) had recommended that Sebi, IRDA, PFRDA and FMC should be merged into a single entity into a unified financial agency (UFA).
Last year in September the government had brought FMC under the ambit of the Finance Ministry in the aftermath of a Rs 5,600-crore payment crisis broke out at National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL). FMC was earlier under the Consumer Affairs Ministry.
2

Cameron vows to do  everything possible  to hunt down IS post Alan Henning s executionHi Guest
Cameron vows to do 'everything possible' to hunt down IS post Alan Henning's execution
of Henning, who was "a man of great peace, kindness and gentleness," showed that there is no level of depravity that the group will not stoop to. He stressed on the need to defeat this group not just in the Middle East region but also at home, ...

Haryana polls: PM Modi & Sonia Gandhi take swipe at each otherThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Turnover of interest rate futures hits Rs 1.5 lakh crore in April-SeptemberThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Deadline looms for Hong Kong protesters to clear streetsDeadline looms for Hong Kong protesters
AFP
Hong Kong, October 05, 2014
First Published: 12:21 IST(5/10/2014)
print
A deadline for pro-democracy demonstrators to clear Hong Kong's barricaded streets loomed Sunday, as the Beijing-backed leader claimed the disorder now risked "serious consequences" for public safety and Chinese state media said it had ruined the city's image.
Embattled chief executive Leung Chun-ying said the government was determined to "take all necessary actions to restore social order" and allow residents to "return to their normal work and life". In particular he pointed to the need to allow government staff to resume work by Monday morning.
Only a few hundred were on the streets early Sunday afternoon in the downtown Admiralty district near the government headquarters. Hours earlier tens of thousands had turned out there in the biggest gathering yet of the week-long protest.
Pro-democracy protesters stage a rally on a occupied road in Mong Kok district, Hong Kong.(AP photo)
But it remained to be seen whether protesters had heeded Leung's call or merely headed home for some rest before taking to the streets again, which has been the pattern all week.
Those there said they had no intention of leaving.
"I don't know the police's strategy, but I've told my friends and students that we have to be here tonight," said Petula Ho, an associate professor at Hong Kong University (HKU).
"Students don't have to be in dangerous areas in the front, but we must be here."
Nixon Leung, a 22-year-old masters student at HKU, said: "I'm worried about the threat from CY, but I'm not going to leave because we are fighting for our values and genuine universal suffrage.
"We must continue our fight. The government has not responded to our demands for civil nomination and for CY to step down, but have constantly asked us to retreat. We simply cannot accept that."
The protesters are demanding the right to nominate who can run as Hong Kong's next leader in 2017 elections.
   
Ominous warning
The Communist government of China, which regained sovereignty over Hong Kong from Britain in 1997, insists that only pre-approved candidates will be able to stand and has repeatedly said the protests are doomed to fail.
Leung said he was determined to clear the streets near the government offices by Monday, after two public holidays cut short the working week last week.
"We have to ensure the safety of government premises and restore their operation," Leung said in a televised address late Saturday.
"The most pressing task for the government is to reopen access to the CGO (Central Government Offices) on Monday so that some 3,000 CGO staff can return to their workplace and continue to provide services to the public."
Leung, who was voted into office by 689 people on a pro-Beijing committee numbering just 1,200 two years ago, issued an ominous warning if the protests are not ended.
"The situation may probably evolve into a state beyond control, and will have serious consequences to public safety and social order," he said.
Sunday marked exactly a week since police fired tear gas on protesters in an effort to disperse them, but only adding sympathy to their cause and boosting numbers.
   
'I'm going to stay'
"I saw police transporting bags of supplies that looked like riot gear into government headquarters," said Ivan Ha, a psychology student.
"But despite that, I'm going to stay until real dialogue happens, hopefully with CY," the 20-year-old added.
Student leaders said early Sunday that they were willing to enter into negotiations with the government if certain conditions were met.
They had earlier scrapped an offer of talks over anger at police for failing to protect them from violence.
Sporadic clashes have broken out, mainly in the Kowloon district of Mongkok, with democracy activists claiming that agitators from the city's triad mobs are being paid to attack peaceful demonstrators.
Police armed with batons stand guard in Mongkok, Hong Kong. Fresh clashes broke out in Mongkok overnight as police deployed pepper spray and batons against angry crowds of pro-democracy protesters who accused officers of failing to protect them the previous night when their protest camp was attacked by government loyalist crowds. (AFP photo)
 
Hong Kong's main student union, HKFS, said in a statement: "The government should investigate why the police were so lax in enforcement, accusations of helping criminals and to give an explanation to the public as soon as possible.
"As long as the government responds to the above, the students are willing to talk again," it said.
Violence flared anew in the early hours of Sunday in densely-populated Mongkok district as riot police used batons and pepper spray to fight back demonstrators who accused officers of cooperating with gangsters.
Police Senior Superintendent Patrick Kwok defended the use of the spray while Financial Secretary John Tsang admitted Sunday the government had "no experience and psychological preparation" for the extent of the Occupy movement.
While drawing many sympathisers to the streets, the protest campaign has also caused wide-scale disruption and taken a heavy toll on local businesses.
Small rallies by crowds sporting blue ribbons have been held by people who say they support the police and the government.
The People's Daily newspaper, a Communist Party mouthpiece, said in an editorial on Sunday, that the image of Hong Kong as a ruly, incident-free city had been "ruined".

Dacoits murder businessman in MaldaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

UK woman marriesherself!Press Trust of India | London | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:54 pm
A woman in the UK who was fed up of being single got married to herself in a full wedding ceremony attended by 50 guests.
Grace Gelder, a photographer by profession, said that after being single for six years she had built up a brilliant relationship with herself – and creating that bond with someone else seemed like too much hard work.
Gelder even ‘proposed’ to herself on a park bench in Parliament Hill, London, last November and walked solo down the aisle in mid-March this year, ‘mirror.co.uk’ reported.
Gelder bought a dress, a ring, rehearsed vows and eventually wed in a farmhouse in rural Devon watched by her sister and friends – sealing the deal by planting a kiss on a mirror.
“A few did comment, in a light-hearted way, that it was a bit narcissistic,” Gelder said.
“Obviously, if you have just announced you’re marrying yourself, it is plainly a statement of self-love, and I was under no illusion how self-indulgent that might appear.
“But I was completely comfortable with my motivations. I’d been on a journey of personal development using meditation, dance and performance to increase my self-awareness,” Gelder told the Guardian.
Although the wedding holds no legal ground, Gelder is glad she is no longer a ‘single’ lady.

US aid workers parents plead for hisreleaseThis undated photo provided by Kassig Family shows Peter Kassig standing in front of a truck filled with supplies for Syrian refugees. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Indianapolis | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:34 pm
The parents of a US man threatened with beheading by the Islamic State group are pleading with his captors to free him, saying in a video statement Saturday that their son has devoted his life to humanitarian work and aiding Syria’s war refugees.
Ed and Paula Kassig’s video was released a day after the Islamic State group’s online video threatened to behead 26-year-old Peter Kassig next, following the beheading of British aid worker Alan Henning.
That video was a heartbreaking development for Kassig’s family and friends, who had stayed silent since his capture while working to secure his release.
In the family’s video, Ed Kassig says his son, who now goes by the first name Abdul-Rahman after converting to Islam during his captivity, was captured on Oct. 1, 2013, in Syria, where he was providing aid for Syrians fleeing that country’s civil war.
He says his son has grown “to love and admire” the Syrian people, after growing up in an Indianapolis family with a long history of humanitarian work and teaching.
“Our son was living his life according to that same humanitarian call when he was taken captive,” says Ed Kassig, a teacher.
The family says Kassig, a former U.S. Army Ranger, formed the aid organization Special Emergency Response and Assistance, or SERA, in Turkey to provide aid and assistance to Syrian refugees. He began delivering food and medical supplies to Syrian refugee camps in 2012 and is also a trained medical assistant who provided trauma care to injured Syrian civilians and helped train 150 civilians in providing medical aid.
His work in Lebanon led to his capture when he crossed the border into Syria. After than, SERA suspended its aid efforts.
Paula Kassig, a nurse, sits next to her husband on a couch in the couple’s three-minute video, wearing a head scarf and holding a photo of her son as she speaks directly to him.
“Most of all, know that we love you, and our hearts ache for you to be granted your freedom so we can hug you again and then set you free to continue the life you have chosen, the life of service to those in greatest need,” she says. “We implore those who are holding you to show mercy and use their power to let you go.”
The family says Kassig served in the Army from 2006 to 2007. He was a member of the 75th Ranger Regiment and served four months in Iraq in 2007 before being medically discharged at the rank of private first class in September of that year, his military record shows.
Kassig focused on humanitarian work after leaving the military. While attending Indianapolis’ Butler University, he worked to help refugees from Myanmar continued…

Post Bang Bang  Hrithik Roshan keen on mentalbreak"Bang Bang" has been a special film for the actor.
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:28 pm
A well-deserved break is all that’s on actor Hrithik Roshan’s mind following his latest Bollywood release “Bang Bang”. He feels a mental break would be just right before he begins work on the mega project “Mohenjo Daro”.
“I’m hoping I’ll make time for sometime away for a mental break,” Hrithik had told IANS in a telephonic interview before the release of “Bang Bang”, which hit the screens on October 2.
“Variety is very important in life. If you get monotonous in doing one thing, it will kill your enthusiasm. So it is very important to take that break and then I’ll come back with a bang with ‘Mohenjo Daro’, which is yet another very big challenge,” added the 40-year-old.
Also read – Hrithik Roshan’s ‘Bang Bang’ collects Rs 51 crore in two days
“Bang Bang” has been a special film for the actor. He has pushed his limits as far as the stunts and dance is concerned at a time when he himself was going through physical and emotional turmoil in his life.
Now after the glitzy and glamorous action in “Bang Bang”, he’s looking forward to the historical set up of “Mohenjo Daro”, which is a love story set in the Indus Valley civilisation. Gowariker has put together an ensemble of international technicians to work on the film — which will be perhaps his biggest offering to Hindi cinema.
“It’s going to be a very big film, a very big dream. I am working with Ashutosh for the second time. He’s the first director with whom I’m working with for the second time. This is going to be interesting,” he said.
Talking further about the project, which is scheduled to release ahead of Republic Day in 2016, the Bollywood hearthrob said: “The script is a beautiful love story with the backdrop of the Indus Valley civilisation. It’s something that’s never been done before. So, I am very excited about it.”
Read – The tongue-in-cheek review of Bang Bang
For now, Hrithik is happy and proud of the response that “Bang Bang” at the box office. The movie, directed by Siddharth Anand, is said to have recorded a collection of Rs. 51.62 crore within two days of its release.
The Fox Star Studios production, which also stars Katrina Kaif, minted Rs.27.54 crore on day one and one day two, it managed to get a business of Rs.24.08 crore.

After Modi rally  Shiv Sena workers clean venuegroundComments
Call it “Gandhigiri” or a response to the Prime Minister’s cleanliness campaign, Shiv Sena workers on Sunday cleaned the Mahalaxmi racecourse ground where Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed poll rally on Saturday night.
Sena corporator Arun Dudhwadkar was on his morning walk routine when he noticed garbage at the rally ground, party officials said.
Dudhwadkar immediately asked Sena workers to reach the ground and clean the area, they said.
Accordingly, Sena workers arrived with brooms and buckets and cleaned the ground, collecting leftover water bottles and campaign flags and banners.
The 25-year-old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance split 10 days back amid deadlock over seat-sharing for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls.
State BJP leaders had announced severing of ties between the two parties, blaming Shiv Sena’s “inflexibility” for it.
BJP leaders had said the party would not criticise Sena during the poll campaign.

Israel to summon Sweden ambassador overPalestineSwedish Prime Minister, Stefan Lofven, attends a press conference at the Swedish parliament 'Riksdagen' in Stockholm, Friday, Oct. 3, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:18 pm
Israel’s Foreign Ministry says it will summon Sweden’s ambassador following that country’s decision to recognize a Palestinian state.
Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said in a statement that he “regrets” that Sweden “rushed” to make its decision without properly understanding the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians.
On Sunday, Foreign Ministry spokesman Emmanuel Nahshon said the ambassador would be summoned Monday.
In a declaration listing his government’s priorities on Friday, Swedish premier Stefan Lofven told lawmakers that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict can only be resolved through a two-state solution requiring “mutual recognition” and a will from both sides to co-exist peacefully. He then said Sweden would recognize a Palestinian state, but did not say how or when.
Israel fears that Sweden’s move could prompt more European countries to recognize a Palestinian state.

PMGSY contractors ready to quit as Centre holds back 80 pcfundsPrint
Written by Maulshree Seth | Lucknow | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:14 pm
Pradhan Mantri Gramin Sadak Yojana (PMGSY), a flagship scheme of the previous NDA government under Atal Bihari Vajpayee, seems not to have found much favour with the incumbent dispensation under Narendra Modi.
The Centre has allocated less than 20 per cent of the budget sanctioned by the previous UPA government for over 3000 km of rural roads in Uttar Pradesh under the scheme. The contractors working on the road projects are now threatening to leave the project midway citing fund shortage.
Against the sanctions and approval  of about Rs 3,000 crore by the UPA government in the last fiscal, the NDA government has released only about Rs 550 crore in the current financial year to the state.
While the amount was expected to be utilised by the end of September, Uttar Pradesh Rural Road Development Agency is already flooded with complaints with contractors threatening to leave the construction midway. Not having funds to complete ongoing construction of roads under PMGSY-I, the state government has decided to put new tenders for about 2000 km length of roads under PMGSY-II on hold.
PMGSY-II was launched in 2013 and in January, 2014, the UPA government had sanctioned upgrade of 1,913 km length of rural roads in 47 districts of the state at a cost of Rs 1134 crore.
However, against the approval and sanctions of Rs 1,932 crore for about 6,000-km rural roads under PMGSY-I and Rs 1,134 crore for undertaking the upgradation work under PMGSY-II, the state government has been allocated only about Rs 550 crore. This includes actual allocations of Rs 465 crore along with about Rs 79 crore in interest from last year.
Anuj Kumar Jha, Chief Executive Officer, Uttar Pradesh Rural Road Development Agency confirmed that the tender for upgradation of 252 roads of 1,913-km length have been put on hold.
“We are already six months into the current financial year and out of the sanctions and approvals of about Rs 3000 crore, we have got only about Rs 550 crore for the current financial year. Since it is more logical to first complete the ongoing construction work, the tenders for upgradation work under PMGSY-II have been put on hold for a time being,” said Jha.
Sources in the government inform that while UP has been alleging bias in several central government schemes but in this case, almost all the states in the country are facing similar scenario as NDA government has allocated only about 20 per cent of the total funds sanctioned by the previous government.
While Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has written to Modi seeking remaining amount of sanctioned funds for the state, sources inform that Chief Secretary Alok Ranjan too pursued it with Union Rural Development Ministry. Sources said that if the situation continues, government might seek help from institutions like NABARD for assistance.
“It is true that some contractors have stopped work and others are threatening to do so but we are pursuing the case. While the Chief Minister and Chief Secretary have already written to the Centre, we are exploring other resources also,” said continued…

Pakistan violates ceasefire  opens heavy fire along LoCThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

As mark of respect for Bal Thackeray  Modi to remain silent on ShivSenaComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses a public rally ahead of Maharashtra state assembly elections in Mumbai. (Source: AP)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said he will not a utter a word against estranged BJP ally Shiv Sena during the campaign for the October 15 Maharashtra polls as a mark of respect for Bal Thackeray.
On the second day of his poll campaign in Maharashtra, Modi launched a blistering attack on NCP chief Sharad Pawar, saying he lacks the qualities of Maratha leader Shivaji and “failed” to address the water woes of the people of the state as Chief Minister and Agriculture Minister.
ALSO READ:  BJP back-stabbed Bal Thackeray by snapping ties with Shiv Sena, says Aditya Thackeray
Talking about BJP’s estranged ally Sena , he said, “Political pundits are saying why is Modi not criticising Shiv Sena in his speeches (during poll campaign). This is the first election in absence of late Bal Thackeray, for whom I have great respect. I have decided not to utter a single word against Shiv Sena. This is my tribute to Balasaheb Thackeray”.
“There are some things which are above politics…There are feelings. Not everything should be linked to politics,” the 64-year-old BJP leader said addressing a poll rally at Tasgaon in Sangli district of western Maharashtra, from where former state Home Minister R R Patil is NCP nominee.
BJP has fielded former Congress MLA Ajit Ghorpade against Patil for this key poll battle in Maharashtra. Modi, who began his speech in Marathi, launched a scathing on Pawar for his comments about Shivaji “plundering” the treasury of Surat.
“Pawar’s statement has hurt me deeply. You don’t have knowledge of history. Gujarat was part of Maharashtra prior to its formation in 1960. We have considered Maharashtra as big brother,” he said.
“We never thought what you said. I want to ask Pawar: you speak of Shivaji. It was the Vajpayee government which named Mumbai airport after Shivaji. You were CM but did not think of it. Even Victoria Terminus was named Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus by Vajpayee government,” the PM said.
“There is no chance of you (Pawar) getting Shivaji’s qualities in your character. But as agriculture minister, had you implemented Shivaji’s water management techniques, farmers of Maharashtra would not have committed suicide,” he said.

Pakistan Taliban switches side; vows to send jihadists to help IslamicStatePress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: October 5, 2014 2:14 pm
The Pakistani Taliban has switched allegiance to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, which has been vying for supremacy with the al-Qaeda in the region, and vowed to send jihadists to help the ruthless terror group. Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) headed by fugitive
Mullah Fazlullah issued a statement on Saturday ahead of Eid ul-Azha, expressing support for the ISIS or IS, which has captured swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria.
Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi declared himself as Caliph of the Islamic State. TTP spokesman Shahidullah Shahid sent Fazlullah’s Eid message to media which said that all Muslim fighters in the Middle East should unite for the greater good. “We consider the fighters in Iraq and Syria as our brothers and are proud of their victories. We are their part and parcel in times of joy and sadness,” the statement said.
“The Muslim nation has great expectations from the fighters in Iraq and Syria. We are with you in the hour of trial and will support you in all possible ways,” it added. IS is a splinter group of the al-Qaeda which has distanced itself from the outfit, chiding it for its aggressive and brutal expansion.
Al-Qaeda, which includes dozens of Pakistan-based terror groups and sectarian outfits, is facing challenges from IS which is trying to extend its influence into South Asia. Despite the rhetoric of militants, it is highly unlikely that Taliban at this stage are in a position to help the IS or other militant groups in Middle East.
Taliban command and control system has been destroyed by army in North Waziristan and they are constantly on the run. They have also suffered internal splits and some powerful militants like Omer Khalid Khurasani have parted ways with the group by creating Jamaat-ul-Ahrar outfit.
Similarly, TTP lost support of Taliban’s Punjabi faction whose leader Asmatullah Muawiya has announced not to fight the Pakistani security forces. There are several question marks whether the TTP can send its jihadists to fight on the side of IS due to geographical
and logistical problems. As far as support through money or weapons is concerned, the Taliban is not a rich organisation to give material support to others.
In the past, TTP could help other militant group by offering a handful of suicide bombers, but it seems that the outfit is running short of them as there is dramatic decline in such attacks since North Waziristan operation where their centers to train suicide bombers have been destroyed.

Post-split  larger role for Philips  Bangalore campusThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dear urfool happy dussehra to you.please suggest if i can enter bdh fo...Platinum Member
284 Followers
high volume at all time high level. very interesting. last time 50 was quoated at 14000 sensex. and now 50 at 27000 sensex. So still more to go for BDH, It can easily touch 75 by Dipawali if out form T2T and 20% ckt band. Let us watch.

Dear arvind ji happy dussehra to you.let the coming year be full of jh...94 Followers
Reposted about 50 days 1 hr 9 min 53 sec ago by arvind151
dear arvind ji happy dussehra to you.let the coming year be full of jhingalalas for u and all your followers ...Goddess Durgas blessing for peace,love,good health and prosperity.pl can u suggest if i can enter bdh at cmp?
i know its gone up but is it a good buy still?
kiki

Buy axis on dips  it may reach to 400-10 again by the results time....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Good aftern sirji plz send reply via mail.thanksCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

New central bank chief  same problemsPressure on Argentina’s peso sows seeds for deeper downturn
By Benedict Mander in Buenos Aires
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4117d04-4af2-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Norways Olympic NeiFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Turkish juggling actFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

The Boko Haram hydraFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

N Koreas European charm offensiveContact the Brussels blog team: Peter Spiegel , Alex Barker and Duncan Robinson .
See the full list of FT blogs .
The authors
Peter Spiegel is the FT's Brussels bureau chief. He returned to the FT in August 2010 after spending five years covering foreign policy and national security issues from Washington for the Wall Street Journal and the Los Angeles Times, focusing on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. He first joined the FT in 1999 covering business regulation and corporate crime in its Washington bureau, before spending four years covering military affairs and the defence industry in London and Washington.
Alex Barker is EU correspondent, covering the single market, financial regulation and competition. He was formerly an FT political correspondent in the UK and joined the FT in 2005.
Duncan Robinson is the FT's Brussels correspondent, covering internet and telecommunications regulation, justice, employment and migration as well as Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. He joined the FT from the New Statesman in 2011

Faked China export dataSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

First big taste of fall this weekend as temperatures slowly coolA somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 1 to 10.
7
A turbulent transition day, but it should be largely dry. Winds may have a bit of bite late as temps dip.
Express Forecast
Today:Variably cloudy. Breezy to windy. Highs: Mid-60s to near 70.
Tonight:Mostly clear, diminishing breezes. Lows: Mid-30s to mid-40s.
Tomorrow:Mostly sunny. Highs: Near 60 to mid-60s.
FORECAST IN DETAIL
Clouds: Latest mid-Atlantic infrared satellite shows movement of clouds over past two hours. Refresh page to update. See more maps on our Weather Wall .
We’ve still got another 10 days of average highs in the 70s, but a strong cold front that passed through the area overnight and into this morning will send us at least a few days full of cooler than normal readings. You may not notice the full impact of that air till later today today as winds help solidify the chill. Tonight and tomorrow may call for an extra blanket on the bed, and a few layers if outside.
Today (Saturday): The overnight batch of showers should be ending pretty quick if it hasn’t already by sunrise, and we’ll be trending clearer as well. We could even end up mostly clear during the day, but with a lot of cold air aloft I’m a little skeptical. Sunshine should promote additional clouds during peak heating given that recipe. There could even be a few showers again during the day if those clouds bubble enough, though nothing more than a quick hitter if so. Highs shoot for the mid-60s to near 70, but overall highs may be during the morning. Temperatures should also start falling noticeably backwards, perhaps by early afternoon, especially out west. Add in sustained northwest winds peaking as high as around 15-20 mph, with gusts past 30 or 35 mph possible. It’ll definitely start to feel like a new season is upon us by late in the day. Confidence : Medium-High
Tonight: Clear skies, and a fresh cold air mass help temperatures tumble. The chilliest night of this young cold season is here. You’ll get that sense with temperatures falling into and through the 50s fairly rapidly during the evening. Temperatures eventually reach the mid-and-upper 30s in the cooler suburbs to the mid-40s or thereabouts downtown. A stiff early evening breeze diminishes through the night, leveling off around 5 mph before dawn. That wind should help mitigate most frost concerns in the coldest spots across the region. Confidence: Medium-High
For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock . Keep reading for the forecast through the weekend…
Tomorrow (Sunday): If you’ve been waiting for the first day that truly feels like fall is here, this should be it. Partly to mostly sunny skies aren’t a match for the chilled air, as highs only reach the near 60 or low 60s zone. In other words, some spots north and west may not get out of the 50s! Winds are lighter than today, but continue to blow around 10 mph from the northwest. Confidence: Medium-High
Tomorrow night: The air mass is already recovering, but with winds closing in on calm and skies remaining clear we may see temperatures fairly close to what we get tonight. I think most spots are a degree or two warmer, at least, so let’s say upper 30s in the cold spots to mid-40s in the warm. Confidence: Medium
Fall color beginning to make itself known in Silver Spring on Thursday. (Joe Flood via Flickr )
A LOOK AHEAD
I have to agree with Camden’s assertion yesterday that Monday looks like a major winner. Well, except that it’s Monday. Skies are mostly sunny, winds are bearable, and highs rise to near or just above 70. Plus, more Nats playoffs to watch! Confidence: Medium
Another (this time quite weak) cold front pushes toward the area on Tuesday, but it may be slow enough to keep the day mostly or fully dry. Clouds are likely to be on the increase by afternoon, though. Highs again head for near 70, perhaps up toward the mid-70s in a warm scenario. A few showers may approach around sunset. Confidence: Medium
Ian Livingston is a forecaster/photographer and information lead for the Capital Weather Gang. By day, Ian is a defense and national security researcher at a D.C. think tank.

The black shadow of death won and snatched our loved ones  says Patna stampede victimOct 04, 2014 at  05:21pm IST
The black  shadow of death won and snatched our loved ones, says Patna stampede victim
17
0
Patna: It was supposed to be an evening full of fun and excitement. The entire family was ready to witness the magnificent Dussehra celebrations at Patna's historic Gandhi Maidan. My friend Vinod Singh and I made the arrangements to take our families to Gandhi Maidan. We hired a tempo (autorickshaw) and paid them the to and fro fare from our house in Anisabad to the venue in advance.
My wife Jyoti and our two daughters - Seema and Pinky - along with Vinod's family comprising of his wife Kamla, one son Prakash, his brother Ajay and sister-in-law Kavita had planned for an enjoyable evening. Everything seemed just right. The weather was fine and all of us were dressed in new clothes as is the tradition on Vijaya Dashmi when the good triumphs over evil.
After lunch, Vinod came to my house at around 1:30 pm and said that we should leave for Gandhi Maidan as a huge crowd gathers to witness the celebrations and if we are not in time, then we won't be able to enter the venue. We left for Gandhi Maidan at around 2:15 pm. The route was jampacked with people enjoying at various Durga Puja pandals. When we reached Frazer road, it seemed as if the entire Patna was moving towards Gandhi Maidan.
Thirty three were killed in the stampede that broke out at the historic Gandhi Maidan during Dussehra festivities.
#patna stampede #dussehra #bihar #patna
The jam was so massive that we were struck for over 30 minutes near the Jayaprakash Narayan statute. So we decided to leave the tempo and walk towards Gandhi Maidan. Moreover, vehicular traffic had been stopped on the road around Gandhi Maidan.
We reached Gandhi Maidan at around 4 pm and it was already half full. Hundreds of people were entering the venue every minute. We managed to gain entry even though just one gate had been opened for general public. People were shoving and pushing each other to gain entry and many small children were seen crying. Women and girls were also having a very torrid time. Some people said that there were more than 2 lakh people while other said that there were 5 lakh. It was almost claustrophobic.
A huge roar went up when the effigies were set on fire. People started shouting slogans and many clapped. We were also very excited and enjoyed the spectacle.
This lasted for a few minutes and then it was time to leave. We had already planned to eat out and then return home. But even after several announcements by the organisers the crowd seemed still. Then it was announced that only two gates had been opened for the people. After a few more minutes the crowd slowly started to move. But it was very difficult for us as we had to carry our children too. After about 15 minutes we reached the exit gate which led to the Exhibition Road.
Suddenly there was a lot of shouting and we heard that a live electric wire had fallen on the crowd and several people had been electrocuted. It was free for all after this. Everyone ran helter-skelter and in a few seconds several people had fallen to the ground and others ran over them. I was holding my younger daughter Pinky and my wife was just ahead of me. My elder daughter Seema was with Ajay followed by his wife Kavita. Vinod's son, his wife and he himself were besides me.
But then the crowd pushed forward and I saw my wife and elder daughter along with Ajay falling down. I tried to pull my wife away but with Pinky also with me, I failed to do so. Then everyone started running and I too ran. I once fell down and Pinky started crying for her mother but I failed to locate Jyoti, Seema and Ajay in the massive rush of people. There were some policemen standing but they too seemed unable to control the crowd. I ran until I reached near Hotel Maurya.
By this time I had realised that it was massive tragedy. There were several people crying and shouting the names of their near and dears ones. I too looked towards the rushing crowd and started shouting the names of my wife and elder daughter. I had a cut on my right arm and knees.
Pinky was crying for her mother and sister. I could not locate Ajay, Vinod and his family. The policemen stationed there stopped us from going towards Gandhi Maidan to look for our missing family members. After 15 minutes of pleading one of them told us to go to Patna Medical Collage and Hospital (PMCH) as the injured are being taken there. He then gave us the stunning news. "Bahut log dab ker mar gaya hai (Many people have been crushed to death)," he said.
I was too shocked to react. Then I remembered my mobile. I called Vinod. His phone rang but he did not receive the call. Desperately I called again and still there was no response. I then called the tempo driver who had brought us to Gandhi Maidan. He picked it up immediately and enquired if we were fine. I asked him if Vinod had got in touch with him. He replied in the negative and added that. He too had heard that many had died.
I once again tried calling Vinod but still no response. Now I feared for the worst. Pinky was inconsolable and I too started crying. I then asked the policeman the direction to PMCH and reached there after struggling for half-an-hour. The route was full of slippers, shoes, toys, torn cloths etc.
The scene was equally chaotic at PMCH. The policemen were not allowing us to enter. There were hundreds of people trying to enquire about their relatives but there was no answer. I saw several injured being brought on two wheelers and some of them were even being carried by others.
After more than an hour at the gate, I heard my mobile ring. It was Vinod's number flashing on the screen. I quickly answered and asked him about his others well being. His reply came as a bolt from the blue. While his wife was with him and they had only suffered minor injuries; his son, brother and sister-in-law were missing. He himself was struck somewhere on Exhibition Road.
I asked him to come to PMCH. Meanwhile, after a lot of pleading the policemen allowed some of us inside the hospital campus.
We rushed forward and started to enquire about the tragedy. A nurse guided us to a group of hospital staff who were surrounded by another large group of anxious and screaming people. After 10 minutes they directed us to a ward where 15 dead bodies had been kept.
And the fourth body in that room was Seema's. It seemed she was sleeping. I started to shout and pleaded with the doctors present there to check if she is alive. But they simply said - "isme koi nahi bacha (No one among them has survived)."
Pinky started to wail at the top of her voice. There were others who too were crying hysterically. It was a heartrending sight and one which will haunt me forever.
A doctor then came forward and said I will have to complete a few formalities before by daughter's body is handed over to me. I then looked at other bodies. There were three children and 12 women. But my Jyoti was not there. I asked the doctors if there are more rooms, but replied in the negative. One of them said that more bodies are being brought in and I can give the name and description to them.
My phone started to ring and it was once again Vinod. As soon as I picked it up, he excitedly informed me that he was standing outside the gate with Jyoti and his family. But his son and sister-in-law was still missing. I ran outside to meet them.
But on seeing Jyoti I lost my composure and started to cry. They started to shake me and asked about Seema. I could not answer and simply gestured towards the hospital. Jyoti then took Pinky who was till crying. I then informed them that Seema was dead.
As soon as Jyoti and Vinod's wife heard this, they started to cry loudly. We stood there trying to console them. After a few minutes, a few people informed us that more dead and injured had been brought in. Vinod then rushed in to enquire about his son and sister-in-law.
After about 15 minutes he called me inside the hospital and we once again went into the dreaded room where the dead had been kept. Vinod pointed towards a young lady's body. It was Ajay's wife. But still there was no news of Vinod's son.
After more than an hour, we came out and broke the news to others. We then sat on the road trying to console each other. Later a senior police officer came and addressed all those waiting and told us to get in touch with the police station for those still missing. We went to the police station at 12 in the night and after an hour Vinod was reunited with his son who had been rescued by someone in the crowd and handed over to a policeman.
But our Dussehra festivities will forever haunt me. It is a day when truth wins, but in our case and of so many others, it was the black shadow of death that won and snatched away our loved ones. The lifeless body of Seema and Kavita will never fade from our memories.
There will be no more truth triumphs over evil for me.
(This is a first person account of Shambhu Prasad who lost his daughter in the Gandhi Maidan stampede on Friday)
124

Explosive  on Modi s stand-by aircraft was plastic wrapper'Explosive' on Air India VVIP aircraft was plastic wrapper!
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Sat 4 Oct, 2014
Print
Mumbai/New Delhi, Oct 4 (IANS) A suspected explosive device onboard a stand-by Air India VVIP aircraft has turned out to be a plastic wrapper, an airline official said in New Delhi Saturday.
After a thorough screening of the aircraft, the object "was found to be a plastic wrapper", the official said.
The Jeddah Airport security cleared the Boeing B-747 aircraft - AI 965 - for further operations later Saturday morning.
The Indian security apparatus went into a tizzy early Saturday after the suspicious object, initially presumed to be an explosive, was found by the cabin crew on the Mumbai-Hyderabad-Jeddah flight at its termination point.
"We have already formed a committee to look into the matter of how such an object, though harmless in nature, come on board. The aircraft was secured and cleared by the airport authorities in Jeddah," a senior Air India official told IANS in New Delhi.
The committee includes the AI Joint Managing Director and the Commissioner of Civil Aviation Security.
"At no point of time was the safety of the passengers on the aircraft compromised," AI said in a statement.
The aircraft was on stand-by for use by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in case his regular aircraft developed any last minute snags during his US visit.
It was kept in complete readiness at Indira Gandhi International Airport, New Delhi, and released Friday for commercial operations after Modi's return to India.
Recommend

Photos: Hong Kong protests turn violentEYE BROWSE
Hong Kong protests turn violent
Friction between pro-democracy protesters and opponents of their weeklong occupation of major Hong Kong streets persisted Saturday as police denied they had any connection to criminal gangs suspected of inciting attacks on largely peaceful demonstrators.
Student protesters urged supporters to turn out again in the evening to show their solidarity.
The confrontations, mostly in the gritty, blue-collar Mong Kok district, led protest leaders to call off planned talks with the government on political reforms. (Associated Press)
Gallery View:Hong Kong protests turn violent
 Photo by AP Photo/Vincent Yu Fri 3 Oct, 2014
Latest News Galleries
Prev Next
A pro-democracy protester is taken away by police offers as an ambulance tries to leave the compound of the chief executive office in Hong Kong, Friday, Oct. 3, 2014. Hong Kong protesters on Friday welcomed an overnight offer by the territory's leader of talks to defuse the crisis over demonstrations seeking democratic reforms, though they continued to demand he resign and maintained barricades around government headquarters, frustrating staff ... more 
A pro-democracy protester is taken away by police offers as an ambulance tries to leave the compound of the chief executive office in Hong Kong, Friday, Oct. 3, 2014. Hong Kong protesters on Friday welcomed an overnight offer by the territory's leader of talks to defuse the crisis over demonstrations seeking democratic reforms, though they continued to demand he resign and maintained barricades around government headquarters, frustrating staff going to work. (AP Photo/Vincent Yu) less 

All the countriesincluding Swedenthat now recognize Palestinian statehoodBorders
October 4, 2014
Sweden announced that it will  recognize the state of Palestine , becoming the first member of the European Union to do so. Stefan Lofven became the prime minister of a new center-left government this month and used his inaugural address to parliament to say that a “two-state solution requires mutual recognition and a will to peaceful co-existence. Sweden will therefore recognize the state of Palestine.”
Currently, more than 130 countries officially recognize Palestine:
Share
Tap image to zoom
That is significantly up from about 90 that did so in 1988, when the Palestinian National Council unilaterally declared independence based upon a two-state solution :
Share
Tap image to zoom
Sweden’s move follows the UN General Assembly’s recognition of the sovereign state of Palestine as a non-member observer state in 2012. (The Palestinians presented 122 countries as recognizing them  (pdf) when they made their bid.) The rest of the EU has yet to recognize Palestine in the aftermath of the vote, though some European countries like Hungary and Poland have recognized the Palestinians and did so before joining the EU.
The next country to consider the issue? The UK, which will vote on recognition of Palestine after the parliament’s summer recess ends on Oct. 13th.
Share this:

The virologist who found Ebola© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da2cf694-4970-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cool cats in fashionOctober 3, 2014 4:15 pm
Cool cats in fashion
By Adam Welch
From Karl Lagerfeld’s Choupette to a very Grumpy Cat — the fashion world has fallen for the feline. By Adam Welch
©Karl Lagerfeld
Karl Lagerfeld and Choupette
Karl Lagerfeld’s cat Choupette eats from silver Goyard dishes, has a collection of custom-made Louis Vuitton bags, and is attended by a bodyguard and two “ladies-in-waiting”. The pampered mog, with her 42,000 followers on Twitter, magazine covers and upcoming make-up line with Shu Uemura (yes, really) now has a book devoted to her and a collection of accessories created in her name. Monster Choupette (for people, rather than cats), will be available in November from the Karl Lagerfeld website. To followers of fashion, Choupette is the furry face of an emerging trend. Cats are in the ascendant, style-wise.
Joining Choupette in the publishers’ catalogues this autumn are Parisian Cats (Flammarion), Cat Lady Chic (Abrams Image), both out now, andHollywood Cats (Antique Collectors Club), published on October 29. Fashion collections that have featured cat prints in the past year include Miu Miu spring/summer 2014 (cat coats, boots and dresses), Vivienne Westwood autumn/winter 2014 (kitten T-shirts and sweats) and Ashley Williams autumn/winter 2014 (cat knits and jeans).
©Ed Sheeran's Instagram
Next Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
Instagram, too, is purring with fashionable cats, from the shaggy-haired “Miu Miu”, owned by British Vogue’s fashion editor Francesca Burns, and model-musician Karen Elson’s litter, who pose regularly with her in photos, to Taylor Swift’s two cats, Meredith Grey and Olivia Benson, named after characters from her favourite TV shows. Some Instagram cats (or #CatsOfInstagram), like Choupette, have their own dedicated profiles.
More
It’s a furry world. But forgetting for a moment that Lagerfeld’s word is gospel on such matters, dare we ask: “Why?”
. . .
Hanna Hanra, the 33-year-old editor and founder of fashion and music magazine The Beat, has two cats, Maggie and Reena. She sees the cat situation as a coming-of-age story for a certain generation of young women, like herself, who have yet to have a family, but are craving something to come home to. “A cat is something to look after,” she says. “It’s cute and fluffy – and you can leave it and go out without worrying too much.”
©Xposurephotos.com
Jennifer Lopez and Grumpy Cat
Despite the recent intensification of the relationship between cats (big and small) and fashion, there is a longstanding link. Luisa Casati, the extravagant socialite of the 1910s, liked to turn up to parties with two pet cheetahs; jewellery house Cartier has been using the panther as a motif since 1914; and René Gruau produced his irresistibly slinky cat illustration for Christian Dior (to advertise tights) as early as 1960.
In more recent years, cats have appeared in campaigns for brands including Gucci (in a gloriously silly Mario Testino shoot for spring 2000), Lanvin (autumn/winter 2009) and Bulgari (which draped a naked Julianne Moore with lion cubs in 2010). Miuccia Prada has regularly returned to cat motifs for her Miu Miu line (even the name resembles a cat noise), while other longstanding cat fanatics in the fashion world include Jason Wu (who used his cats Jinxy and Peaches as his main inspiration for his 2012 line with Target) and American Vogue’s creative director Grace Coddington (who released her own epistolary novel based on the adventures of her cats, The Catwalk Cats, in 2006).
©Karl Lagerfeld
A shopper bag (£295) and sweatshirt (£175) from Karl Lagerfeld’s Monster Choupette collection
The other, and newer, element of this is the rise of the cat meme. Ten years ago it might have seemed a bit childish to post pictures of your cat online, but now it marks you out as a bona fide digital native.
“It is quite in vogue to love animals,” says Lauren Pears, owner of Lady Dinah’s Cat Emporium, London’s first (and oversubscribed) cat café, which opened in March in Bethnal Green, east London. “Having internet celebrity cats is a part of that as well.”
Fun aside, there’s also a more mercenary motivation for posting pictures of cats, talking about cats and putting out cat products: it gets you attention. Research published in May by the social network for pet pictures, Klooff, suggests that online posts about cats get 2.3 times more shares than those about dogs.
They’re profitable, too. Such is the power of Grumpy Cat, whose “Original Grumpy Cat” YouTube video has had more than 16m views, that she is starring in her own film, Grumpy Cat’s Worst Christmas Ever, out in November.
Cats get you attention. Research published in May suggests that online posts about cats get 2.3 times more shares than those about dogs
Feline fans may also be taken with Puss Puss , a new, cat-themed biannual fashion magazine launched in August by art director and editor Maria Joudina-Robinson. Alongside portraits of chic cat owners and a fashion story starring model Anja Konstantinova (another cat Instagrammer), the magazine also features an interview with Chinese contemporary artist Ai Weiwei (who habitually has more than 30 cats roaming around his studio).
So there you have it: cats are lowbrow, highbrow, fun and chic. They’re the essential fashion accessory for 2014. Especially if you want to give good Instagram. You should probably get one. But, take note, this is not a rehash of the Louis Vuitton/chihuahua trend of the 2000s. As Joudina-Robinson puts it: “I don’t see anyone trying to take a cat with them in a handbag – good luck to them!”
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Zarganar: Myanmars most popular comedian© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5adbc3c-49bc-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Woman has baby after womb transplant in world firstE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

America s first Energy Star dryer is a stellarWhirlpool Duet WED87HEDW Dryer Review
America's first Energy Star dryer is also a stellar performer.
8.6 score Tested by Experts
The Whirlpool Duet WED87HEDW is better than 88% of the dryers we tested.
It is better than 89% of the dryers we have tested under $1,500 .
This product is scored relative to other washers & dryers we've tested. Learn more .
# of dryers Product Score This graph shows the Whirlpool Duet WED87HEDW’s score compared to other dryers we tested.
Matthew Zahnzinger
September 25, 2014
When it went on sale earlier this summer, the Whirlpool Duet WED87HEDW (MSRP $1,099) became the first clothes dryer to achieve Energy Star certification .
In this case, energy efficiency doesn't come at the expense of performance: Our tests show this dryer is one of the best out there. In addition to fast and effective drying, the WED87HEDW also has a solid list of features. We also like the fact it sells for just $899 on sale. Comparable in many respects to the Maytag Maxima MED5100DW , this Whirlpool is easy to use, versatile, and a great choice for a dryer.
Design & Usability
The stainless steel door adds a lot of personality to an otherwise straightforward white dryer. View Larger
Simple and stylish
The 87HEDW is a straightforward dryer with a glossy white finish. Reflective silver edging around the door gives it some added personality, while a curved border around the control console creates a smooth and elegant look.
Speaking of the controls, we were fans of the user interface. Buttons are responsive and the display is easy to read. Green indicator lights don’t pop out against the white background as much as they would against a darker one, but there was never any confusion as to which cycle was selected or what features were turned on. Should you prefer, this model does come in Chrome Shadow (read: gray) for an extra $100.
On the inside, a bright LED acts as a searchlight for errant socks, and has no problem illuminating the white enamel-coated drum. Other machines in this price range have stainless drums, which are less prone to flaking or rusting after many years of use. Still, this shouldn't be a deal breaker.
Advertisement
Performance & Features
Exceptional drying across the board
Unlike machines that sometimes get clothes dry and other times leave users with a damp mess, this Whirlpool is one consistent dryer. Not only did the Normal cycle get our test load 99% dry—which is ideal for preventing wrinkles—the Delicates and Quick Dry modes did almost as well. Even the difficult Bulky cycle did a substantially better job than average.
Even if you don't trust the WED87HEDW's well-calibrated sensor, Whirlpool has you covered. A Timed Dry mode pairs with three dryness levels and five temperature settings (including air only) for a commendable level of customization. When you throw in specialized cycles like Sanitize, Casual, and Heavy Duty, there’s very little that this machine can’t handle.
This dryer's cycle list covers all the basics, with a few specialty options like Sanitize thrown in for good measure. View Larger
The 87HEDW has a steam hookup in the back, but it’s only there for two things: The Steam Refresh cycle, and as an extra addition to the Wrinkle Shield feature. Other dryers let users actually clean delicate items using steam.
Other features are expected. A damp dry signal and control lock are fairly standard for a machine in this price bracket, while EcoBoost gives consumers the option to increase efficiency by lowering temperatures and increasing drying time.
For in-depth performance information, please visit the Science Page .
Controls are responsive and—other than the lack of extra steam-based options—the feature list doesn't leave much to be desired. View Larger
Comparable Products

Hong Kong: Protesters give in  to lift govt blockadeHong Kong: Protesters give in, to lift govt blockade
PTI
Tweet
Reuters Protesters sleep as they block the entrance of Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying's offices next to the government headquarters building in Hong Kong October 5, 2014. Hong Kong pro-democracy protest leaders said they would unblock access to government buildings to allow civil servants to go back to work next week, but defied calls from the Chinese-controlled city's leaders to end their demonstrations.
Will let officials to work on Monday
HONG KONG, Oct 5:  
Fearing a police crackdown, Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters bowed to government pressure and said they would lift a blockade of key government buildings, but student leaders braced for a showdown in the heart of the Asian financial centre.
Tens of thousands of protesters have staged sit-ins across Hong Kong over the past week, demanding the city's pro-Beijing leader Leung Chun-ying step down and for the right to vote for a leader of their choice in 2017.
Leung warned late on Saturday that the 'Occupy Central' movement could get "out of control, causing serious consequence to public safety and social order”.
Student activists, established protest groups and ordinary Hong Kongers have joined forces to present Beijing with one of its biggest political challenges since it violently crushed pro-democracy protests in and around Tiananmen Square in 1989.
Financial foundations shaken
The protests, which have been dismissed by the Communist Party leadership in Beijing as illegal, have caused uncertainty in the business sector and contributed to a more than 7 per cent slide in share prices in the city last month.
Financial Secretary John Tsang wrote in his blog on Sunday that Hong Kong was at a critical moment and what worried him most was that they city's "financial foundations and core values have inevitably been shaken".
In a statement, Leung said "the most urgent thing" was to clear access to the government headquarters on Monday "so 3,000 government staff can go to work normally and serve citizens".
Leader of the "Occupy Central" movement Benny Tai told a mass rally late on Saturday that protesters should cede to the government's demand.
"We only target CY (Leung), not other government officials. By opening a route, CY will have no reason or excuse to clear our occupation and spread foul rumours," he told thousands of mainly young protesters holding smartphone torchlights aloft.
Bracing for a showdown
Student leaders signalled they were bracing for a showdown in the heart of the city, the epicentre of protests which have spread to three other areas of the former British colony which was returned to China in 1997.
"We must take care in the coming days. In the face of violence we must remain steadfast and brave. This is only the calm before the storm but the Hong Kong people here with us tonight proves our strength," Alex Chow, leader of Hong Kong Federation of Students, said late on Saturday.
The student group pulled out of planned talks with the government after clashes on Friday at a protest site in the teeming suburb of Mong Kok, across the harbour. The students accused authorities of colluding with criminal gangs to orchestrate trouble.
Chow held out the prospect of rejoining the dialogue if policing at protest sites improved.
Sporadic clashes continued overnight in Mong Kok, with police resorting to pepper spray and batons.
"How long will we stay? Until we win this war," Jericho Li, a 19-year-old student, told Reuters in Mong Kok. "I don't think we will leave. All the people here are ready (for the consequences)."
The demonstrations have ebbed and flowed over the past week, with the mood seesawing between chaos to one of calm with an almost carnival feel as protesters played guitars and drums, while others danced. Tens of thousands in Admiralty late on Saturday dwindled to hundreds early on Sunday as many people went home to rest before returning in the evening.
Backlash
The protests brought much of Hong Kong to a standstill during what is traditionally a busy week-long shopping holiday. Many residents now want the protests to end or to move elsewhere so that workers, businesses and schools can return to normal.
"I'd like to support the students because their initiative, their motives are good. But I think some of them are off track now," said Grant Yip, a 36-year-old corporate trainer.
"We should have retreated three or four days ago when the government pulled the riot police back; we would have gained more public support. The government is trying to split the people," he said.
China's state-run People's Daily said in a commentary on Sunday that there had been misunderstandings about the democratic process.
"This is not a struggle between democracy and non-democracy, but merely different understandings on the realisation and implementation methods of democracy. In the final analysis, the central government is the most powerful supporter of democracy in Hong Kong," the newspaper said.
Facing separatist unrest in far-flung Tibet and Xinjiang, Beijing is standing firm on Hong Kong, fearful that calls for democracy there could spread to the mainland.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

US aid worker s parents plead for his releaseThis undated photo provided by Kassig Family shows Peter Kassig standing in front of a truck filled with supplies for Syrian refugees. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Indianapolis | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:34 pm
The parents of a US man threatened with beheading by the Islamic State group are pleading with his captors to free him, saying in a video statement Saturday that their son has devoted his life to humanitarian work and aiding Syria’s war refugees.
Ed and Paula Kassig’s video was released a day after the Islamic State group’s online video threatened to behead 26-year-old Peter Kassig next, following the beheading of British aid worker Alan Henning.
That video was a heartbreaking development for Kassig’s family and friends, who had stayed silent since his capture while working to secure his release.
In the family’s video, Ed Kassig says his son, who now goes by the first name Abdul-Rahman after converting to Islam during his captivity, was captured on Oct. 1, 2013, in Syria, where he was providing aid for Syrians fleeing that country’s civil war.
He says his son has grown “to love and admire” the Syrian people, after growing up in an Indianapolis family with a long history of humanitarian work and teaching.
“Our son was living his life according to that same humanitarian call when he was taken captive,” says Ed Kassig, a teacher.
The family says Kassig, a former U.S. Army Ranger, formed the aid organization Special Emergency Response and Assistance, or SERA, in Turkey to provide aid and assistance to Syrian refugees. He began delivering food and medical supplies to Syrian refugee camps in 2012 and is also a trained medical assistant who provided trauma care to injured Syrian civilians and helped train 150 civilians in providing medical aid.
His work in Lebanon led to his capture when he crossed the border into Syria. After than, SERA suspended its aid efforts.
Paula Kassig, a nurse, sits next to her husband on a couch in the couple’s three-minute video, wearing a head scarf and holding a photo of her son as she speaks directly to him.
“Most of all, know that we love you, and our hearts ache for you to be granted your freedom so we can hug you again and then set you free to continue the life you have chosen, the life of service to those in greatest need,” she says. “We implore those who are holding you to show mercy and use their power to let you go.”
The family says Kassig served in the Army from 2006 to 2007. He was a member of the 75th Ranger Regiment and served four months in Iraq in 2007 before being medically discharged at the rank of private first class in September of that year, his military record shows.
Kassig focused on humanitarian work after leaving the military. While attending Indianapolis’ Butler University, he worked to help refugees from Myanmar continued…

Illegal gold mine collapse kills 18 inIndonesiaPrint
Agence-France Presse | Jakarta | Posted: October 5, 2014 3:25 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 3:27 pm
Eighteen people were killed including sixteen males and two females after an illegal gold mine collapsed in remote central Indonesia, a search and rescue official said today.
The collapse occurred before noon yesterday in west Borneo, in a hilly area where illegal gold mining is rampant, the official said.
“We conducted a search operation last night, but we have stopped the operation now as we have found all of the bodies reported to be missing,” local rescue official Leonardus Sabar Umbara told AFP.
The victims included a 17-year-old male, Umbara added.
Illegal gold mining has boomed in Indonesia in recent years as the price of the precious metal has surged, and deaths are common.
In July, a landslide killed nine men at an illegal gold mine in remote Papua province.

Aamir Khan talks about sports in the 1st episode of Satyamev Jayate3Print
The show with cause 'Satyamev Jayate' is back with its third season.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 3:22 pm | Updated: October 6, 2014 11:52 am
The show with a cause ‘Satyamev Jayate’ is back with its third season. The first episode, that premiered today simultaneously on Star Plus and DD National, talked about Sports and how they can change one’s life.
To begin with, as the show’s format goes, there was an inspirational story of juvenile Akhilesh Kumar who was a drug addict, but was tempted into playing football instead of doing drugs. He went ahead to coach children in a red light area and even captaining his side in Homeless World Cup in Brazil in 2010.
Next guests were wrestler sisters Babita Kumari and Gita Kumari and how their father made wrestling change their future and brought them in pace with the male population.
Saina Nehwal made a special appearance in the episode and shared her story.
There was also a story of a nine-year-old pro golfer Shubham Jaglan. Sports lawyer Rahul Mehra also spoke of the need of a sports law to ensure the equal and fair promotion of every sport by the government, not just cricket. And thankfully, there was no mention of cricket in the whole episode.
Cricketing legend, Sachin Tendulkar, quite liked the whole concept and took to Twitter to express his appreciation.
Aamir’s @satyamevjayate episode was a déjà vu for me, sports4all will change country’s future #MumkinHai
— sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) October 5, 2014
Kiran Bedi also tweeted to show her support.
Felt very good watching prog of @aamir_khan on #MumkinHai on sports! He has spread out for sports what @PMOIndia did for #SwachhBharat
— Kiran Bedi (@thekiranbedi) October 5, 2014
Cricket commentator, Harsha Bhogle, was in disagreement with certain points mentioned in the show.
objective of sport though isn’t only to produce champions. it is to enrich yourself. one of the few great forces of our time #satyamevjayate
— Harsha Bhogle (@bhogleharsha) October 5, 2014
only point i disagree on is sportspersons running sports bodies. they might but not certain they can. need other qualities. #satyamevjayate
— Harsha Bhogle (@bhogleharsha) October 5, 2014
The first episode of season 3 looked good and the season, surely, looks promising. We can’t wait for Aamir Khan to grace our TV screens next Sunday and take on some other graver problems of/in the Indian society.

Hong Kong: Women protesters allege sexualassaultThousands of pro-democracy activists attend a rally on the streets near the government headquarters on Saturday. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: October 5, 2014 3:18 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 3:29 pm
The pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong took an ugly turn with women protesters alleging sexual assault by men opposing the Occupy Central movement, which entered eight day on Sunday.
A woman protester has alleged that she and other male pro-democracy activists were sexually assaulted by a man opposing the Occupy movement in Causeway Bay on Friday and police did nothing about it.
A video uploaded on the website of the Hong Kong based South China Morning Post showed an older man in a white polo shirt violently groping a young woman while arguing with her.
A woman was quoted by the Post as saying that she was standing as part of a human chain when the man lying on the ground sexually assaulted the girl.
“I felt very, very scared, insulted and threatened,” she was quoted as saying by the Post.
“I yelled, That guy has assaulted me. The police were there but they didn’t really do anything,” she said.
Other people at the scene had shouted at the man to move, but he refused to leave the women alone, she added.
“I wasn’t scared of the tear gas but I was scared of this. It was non-violent but it was more violent,” she said.
The incidents occurred as anti-Occupy groups attempted to remove barriers and destroy tents.
Similar incidents were reported in Mong Kok. Human rights group Amnesty International condemned the police for failing to act.
“Women and girls were among those targeted, including incidents of sexual assault, harassment and intimidation,” Amnesty said in a statement.
“Hong Kong’s police failed in their duty to protect hundreds of peaceful pro-democracy protesters from attacks by counter demonstrators on Friday evening,” they said.
“The Occupy Central movement by thousands of people demanding the free and fair the election of Chief Executive of Hong Kong due in 2017,” they added.
The protesters oppose China’s insistence on tight rules including the vetting the candidates wanting to stand for election in 2017.
The pro-democracy agitators assert that the restrictions scuttle fair elections.
As per the resolution of the National People’s Congress, (NPC), China’s main legislature in August, the selection of the chief executive of Hong Kong will be conducted on the basis of nomination by a “broad representative” committee.
Also in another development a police officer who made the controversial call to use tear gas on thousands of demonstrators in Admiralty one week ago fuelling unprecedented civil disobedience in Hong Kong, said he has no regrets and would make the same decision again.
The senior superintendent was the commander in charge of the area where tear gas was fired last Sunday into crowds of pro-democracy supporters that had taken over a major street near government offices.

Foreign owned assets in India rises to $839 bln inApr-JunChange in the net position reflected a USD 22.9 billion increase in the value of foreign-owned assets in India, says RBI. (Reuters)
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 3:12 pm
The foreign-owned assets in India increased by USD 22.9 billion over the previous quarter to USD 839.3 billion during the quarter ended June 2014, according to RBI.
This is mainly due to increase of USD 10.6 billion in portfolio investment in India and increase of USD 7.6 billion in direct investment into the country.
Among other investment liabilities, currency and deposits increased by USD 2.4 billion and loans (mainly external commercial borrowings) rose by USD 1.2 billion, according to Reserve Bank data on International Investment Position (IIP) for April-June.
The ratio of India’s international financial assets to international financial liabilities stood at 58.7 per cent in June 2014 (59.1 per cent in March 2014)
On the assets front, the Indian residents’ financial assets abroad stood at USD 492.8 billion, up USD 10.4 billion from previous quarter due to a rise of USD 11.9 billion in reserve assets.
The gap between assets and liabilities in this regard led to the rise in net claims of non-residents on India by USD 12.6 billion to USD 346.6 billion as of June 2014.
“This change in the net position reflected a USD 22.9 billion increase in the value of foreign-owned assets in India vis-à-vis a USD 10.4 billion increase in the value of Indian residents’ financial assets abroad,” RBI said.
The difference in assets and liabilities, reflected by the net International Investment Position (IIP), is disseminated with one quarter lag.
The IIP data is an important input for understanding external sustainability and vulnerability, and is also useful in analysing the economic structure.

Govt looking at merging FMC withSebiWhile FMC is the regulator for commodities trading, while the Sebi regulates the capital markets.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 3:05 pm
The government is considering a proposal to merge the Forward Markets Commission (FMC) with capital market regulator Sebi to ensure better monitoring of the commodity futures market.
“One of the options being considered by the government is merging FMC with Sebi,” said a senior Finance Ministry official.
Alternatively, the official said, the government may also pursue the long-pending proposal to give more powers to FMC by amending the Forward Contract Regulation Act (FCRA) Amendment Bill.
While FMC is the regulator for commodities trading, while the Sebi regulates the capital markets.
The move would also help in improving the regulatory architecture for the futures commodity trading.
Earlier the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC) had recommended that Sebi, IRDA, PFRDA and FMC should be merged into a single entity into a unified financial agency (UFA).
Last year in September the government had brought FMC under the ambit of the Finance Ministry in the aftermath of a Rs 5,600-crore payment crisis broke out at National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL). FMC was earlier under the Consumer Affairs Ministry.

Stock markets to track IIP data  Infosys earnings thisweekStock markets will on Tuesday react to the US jobs data as the unemployment rate dropped to 5.9 per cent.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 3:01 pm
Markets will closely track data for India’s services sector, IIP number and quarterly earnings from IT major Infosys in a holiday-shortened week ahead, say experts.
Stock markets will remain closed on Monday for Bakri Id.
Trend in investment by overseas investors and the movement of rupee against the dollar will also be closely tracked by the investors.
“Important set of data and events are lined this week. HSBC Services PMI for August is due on Tuesday. Going ahead, the government will unveil industrial production data for August on Friday. And lastly, the earning season will also begin from Friday, with Infosys announcing its Q2 numbers,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Besides, participants would also keep a track on global market trends, he said.
“In coming sessions, global cues and second quarterly results shall be key triggers for market direction,” said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
Stock markets will on Tuesday react to the US jobs data as the unemployment rate dropped to 5.9 per cent, the lowest since July 2008, with as many as 248,000 new jobs added last month.
Meanwhile, over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex fell by 58.33 points to settle at 26,567.99.

Leading telcos hike mobile internet rates by up to100%Vodafone and Idea Cellular increased rack rate by up to 100 per cent from 2 paise per 10 kb of data usage to 4 paise per 10 kb. (Reuters)
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 2:55 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 5:59 pm
Telecom operators have raised mobile internet rates up to 100 per cent in June-September period across country.
Airtel is latest to increase mobile rates by up to 33 per cent while Vodafone and Idea have started gradually implementing the increased mobile internet rates from June.
The three companies jointly hold around 57 per cent mobile services market share.
While no comments were received from Airtel and Idea Cellular, Vodafone India spokesperson said “Around 2 months ago, we changed the base tariff of 2G for 1GB pack from Rs 155 to Rs 175. This has been carried out in a phased manner across circles.”
Airtel and Idea too have increased the rate of 1GB 2G mobile internet pack to around Rs 175 from about Rs 155 GB.
Telecom operators generally don’t make public announcement about increase in mobile tariff. The change is noticed on their website after the new rates are implemented.
They generally inform their post paid customer through SMS about change in rates of services before their next billing cycle starts.
Pre-paid customers, which constitutes over 90 per cent of market, get to know about rate revision when they go to recharge their mobile phone or through website of companies.
Telecom operators are required to report change in tariff to telecom regulator TRAI.
Vodafone and Idea Cellular increased rack rate, charged without any offer or scheme, by up to 100 per cent from 2 paise per 10 kb of data usage to 4 paise per 10 kb.
This means on Vodafone and Idea network 1 GB of 2G or 3G mobile internet will cost over Rs 4,000 (from Rs 2,000) which these companies under scheme are selling for around Rs 175.
Airtel started increasing mobile internet rates around first week of September. The company is now at par with Vodafone and Idea in terms of rack rate which is 4 paise per 10 kb. However, the increase is only of 33 per cent because the company was already charging 3 paise per 10 kb earlier.
The 2G data pack rate of Airtel is highest among the three at 10 paise per 10 kb which means cost of 1GB mobile internet usage without any scheme or offer for a subscriber is over Rs 10,000 which company is now selling for Rs 176.

BJP s focus is to defeat corrupt Congress  NCP in Maharashtra: JavadekarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

After deepawali  it may touch 200 in nov 14 as brent crude is going to...http://t.in.com/cLze
An end to Tehran’s economic isolation could trigger the opening up of its oil industry to foreign investment, a move that would bring more crude onto an already flooded market.
Iran is currently producing around 3m bpd of crude but it is thought with access to Western technology this figure could be easily doubled. Combined with Iraq, which aims to eventually increase production capacity to as much as 9m bpd by the end of the decade, both countries could challenge the current dominant position of Saudi Arabia and the Arab Gulf states within Opec.
Fracking has helped the US achieve its highest oil production levels since 1986 over the last two months at a rate of 8.5m bpd. The threat of a full lifting of the ban on exports has also helped the US to drive down the price and potentially cripple the Russian economy. Moscow is largely dependent on crude sales for foreign currency earnings and oil trading at around $80 per barrel for a period of months could bring the country to its knees.

Recent news are encouraging one for textile stocks as cotton output de...Gold Member
60 Followers
Recent news are encouraging one for textile stocks as cotton output decreased in China and India is going to surpass China & to reach top spot to become the top producer of cotton in the world.
3.30 PM Oct 5th  | Track

30% increase in suv sales over aug 2014. 80% increase in tracto...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

What do you think  can binani paid div. before diwaliCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Salman Khan turns to brawn for Gama Pehlwan filmE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Vishal Bhardwaj s  Haider  to get banned in PakistanPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: October 3, 2014 2:07 pm
Amid reports that Vishal Bhardwaj’s Kashmir-based drama ‘Haider’ may not get a release, the Pakistan’s censor board today said that the film is yet to come before them.
Dawn reported that the movie may not get the much-needed No Objection Certificate by the censor board.
The film, starring Shahid Kapoor, Tabu, Kay Kay Menon and Shradha Kapoor in key roles, is Bhardwaj’s adaptation of ‘Hamlet’ and is set in the Kashmir of 1995 when militancy was at its peak.
The newspaper cited sources saying that the film was previewed and sent to the censor board for approval. After watching it, the body decided not to go ahead with the release because of some controversial elements related to Kashmir.
However, when contacted, Zareef Abbasi, the spokesperson of Central Board of Film Censors in Pakistan, said ‘Haider’ has not been presented to them so far.
“The question of banning any film or allowing its screening arises after it is presented to the board,” he told PTI.
When contacted, the producers were unavailable for a comment.
‘Haider’ was slated for release on October 2 with ‘Bang Bang’, but while the shows for the Hrithik and Katrina starrer are scheduled in Pakistan, there was no information on the screening of ‘Haider’.
The newspaper said the distributors in the country had already anticipated that ‘Haider’ may not be released in Pakistan.
Earlier, Pakistan had banned the release of Salman Khan starrer ‘Ek Tha Tiger’ and Saif Ali Khan starrer ‘Agent Vinod’ because it had references to India’s external intelligence agency RAW.

83 million customers affected following JPMorgan data breachUpdated: October 3, 2014 22:56 IST
83 million customers affected following JPMorgan data breach
Reuters
cyber crime
Names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of roughly 76 million households and seven million small businesses were exposed when computer systems at JPMorgan Chase & Co were hacked in a recent cyber attack, the company said in a statement on Thursday.
‘Data not compromised’
The company added, however, that “there is no evidence that account information for such affected customers — account numbers, passwords, user IDs, dates of birth or Social Security numbers — was compromised during this attack.”
The company said that to date it has not yet “seen any unusual customer fraud related to this incident.”
The company said in an update on the breach to customers that it does not believe they need to change their passwords or account information.
With some 83 million customers affected, the breach is one of the largest on record.
Earlier in the day, the New York Times published and then corrected a story that had been denied by the bank that had said JPMorgan’s computer system had been breached for the second time in about three months.
“The story is false. We are not aware of any new attack,” JPMorgan spokeswoman Patricia Wexler said in an e-mail after the story appeared.
The newspaper corrected its story to say that the earlier version of the headline misstated the extent of the cyber security issues at the bank.
“While the bank found evidence of previously unknown hacking, it says the latest discovery does not constitute a breach separate from an earlier one,” NY Times said.
The New York Times DealBook column, citing people with knowledge of the matter, had reported that the biggest U.S. bank had found that hackers with links to Italy had gained entry to some of its servers. The attack was discovered recently, the newspaper had earlier said.

Gold  Silver Tumble on Fall in Demand  Weak Global CuesYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold, Silver Tumble on Fall in Demand, Weak Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 04, 2014 15:29 (IST)
Government to Streamline Subsidies, Cheap LPG for Rich May Go: Finance Minister
New Delhi: Snapping its three-day rising streak, gold prices tumbled by Rs 440 to Rs 27,030 per ten gram in the national capital today following fall in demand at existing higher levels amidst a weak global trend.
Silver followed suit and eased by Rs 450 to Rs 38,200 per kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
The market remained closed on Thursday and Friday on account of 'Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti' and 'Dussehra', respectively.
Traders said fall in demand at prevailing higher levels and a weakening trend global market pulled down gold and silver prices.
Globally, gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell two per cent to $1,190.30 an ounce, the lowest since December 31 after US employers added more jobs in September than forecast, stoking speculation that the Federal Reserve will move closer to raising interest rates.
Silver also fell 1.3 per cent to $16.82 an ounce on the Comex, after touching $16.64, the lowest since March 2010.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 440 each to Rs 27,030 and Rs 26,830 per ten gram, respectively.
It had gained Rs 240 in the previous three sessions.
Sovereign followed suit and shed Rs 100 at Rs 24,100 per piece of eight gram.
Silver ready dropped further by Rs 450 to Rs 38,200 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 285 to Rs 37,885 per kg.
Silver coins also nosedived by Rs 2,000 to Rs 66,000 for buying and Rs 67,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: October 04, 2014 15:28 (IST)

Rent New York City Mayor s Brooklyn Home
BJP blames  administrative lapses  for stampedeThe arrangements for 'Ravana Vadh' ceremony at Gandhi Maidan were very slack in comparison to the huge crowd that attends it, said Yadav.
Press Trust of India | Patna | Posted: October 4, 2014 6:41 pm | Updated: October 4, 2014 6:47 pm
BJP on Saturday blamed administrative “lapse” of the Bihar government for the stampede near the historic Gandhi Maidan here on Dusshera festival which claimed 33 lives and left 29 persons injured.
Blaming the administration for the incident, Leader of Opposition in Bihar Assembly Nand Kishore Yadav said, “The loss of 33 lives is due to the failure of administration. The arrangements for ‘Ravana Vadh’ ceremony at Gandhi Maidan were very slack in comparison to the huge crowd that attends it.”
Yadav said the state government has ordered probe in the incident just to ‘save its face’ and should take action against all officials who were involved in making arrangements for the event.
“The way Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Health Minister Harsh Vardhan showed their concern, was not seen in the state ministers. Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi took five hours to reach the hospital to see the injured.”
The state government, he said, did not learn any lesson from the 2012 stampede during Chhath festival when 21 persons were crushed to death.
Criticising the JD(U) government, Bihar BJP president Mangal Pandey said it seemed as if “a dead government was working in the state.”
“I attended the function and saw how poor the administrative arrangements were. A majority of the crowd attending the Ravana Vadh ceremony exits from the western gate of Gandhi Maidan. Had the police been present there in goodstrength, the tragedy could have been averted,” he added. BJP leaders held a candlelight meeting to pay homage to the deceased at Ram Gulam Chowk, the place where the incident occured.
A daylong dharna would be held by the party here on October 6 to highlight the lapses of the adminsitration and protest against the alleged poor arrangements in and around Gandhi Maidan during the ‘Ravan Vadh’ ceremony leading to the loss of lives, the party sources said.

The next 36 hours could determine the future of Hong KongThe Future of Hong Kong
October 4, 2014
HONG KONG—The city’s top official, chief executive Leung Chun-ying, issued an ultimatum  today to the protesters who have taken over three neighborhoods in the city: Clear the roads and a stronghold in front of the government’s headquarters by early morning on Monday, Oct. 6, or he will “take all necessary actions to restore social order.”
The threat comes as clashes continue to break out across the city between protestors, who have called for Mr. Leung’s resignation, and people who oppose them. Much of the action is centered in the working-class neighborhood of Mong Kok. Protesters and some legislators have criticized the police for not doing more to protect protesters, who were attacked and, in some cases,  sexually assaulted by the anti-Occupy groups.
Tap image to zoom
An injured man is separated from the crowd by police in Mong Kok.(Reuters/Bobby Yip)
Meanwhile, tens of thousands of people have gathered at the protest’s epicenter on Saturday night (Oct. 4), galvanized by the previous night’s violence.
Crowd in Admiralty is HUGE, and seriously fired up. #OccupyCentral https://t.co/l9oTj0lL8G
— Josh Noble (@JoshTANoble) October 4, 2014
How Hong Kong’s government and police handle the situation before the start of the work day on Monday will signal the city’s—and China’s—tolerance for political dissent and free speech for years to come. Hong Kong’s “ one country, two systems ” model, which guarantees residents the right to free speech and universal suffrage , has faced its most prominent test yet from the protests. The government’s possible reaction to the protests is already being gauged against the Tiananmen crackdown in 1989 that left hundreds dead and shaped China’s policie s for the next 25 years.
Already, the situation has drawn international attention from world leaders, most recently from German chancellor Angela Merkel, who called today for free speech in Hong Kong to be protected just days ahead of a German-Chinese summit in Berlin. Beijing has let it be known, through a series of strongly-worded editorials in the Communist Party mouthpiece, that it considers the protests “unlawful and unreasonable.” The government has also reiterated its support for Mr. Leung and said it would not rethink an August decision to vet Hong Kong’s political nominees before they can run for election.
Tap image to zoom
The “mobile democracy classroom” in Causeway Bay.(Quartz)
That hasn’t deterred many protesters and pro-democracy activists. This afternoon, several taught at a “mobile democracy classroom” in Causeway Bay. The reaction on the streets has been “awesome,” said lecturer and environmentalist Alex Chan, who spoke about the links between free elections and environmental issues, including waste management and Hong Kong’s endangered white dolphins.
Nearby, pro-Beijing supporters came out dressed in Chinese flags and Red Guard uniforms , but both sides remained peaceful. There were small scuffles, but a heavy police presence insured they didn’t escalate.
The broader situation could play out in several ways over the next 36 hours. Protestors could voluntarily clear the streets, but that does not seem likely. There could be a peaceful reconciliation, but there are no signs of that right now. Or Hong Kong’s police could use force to clear the streets, as Mr. Leung appears to be threatening.
The sun rises in Hong Kong at 6:16am on Monday. What happens after that will offer a very visible sign of China’s intentions for the city.
Share this:

Being a director is like being DhoniUpdated: October 4, 2014 19:21 IST
Being a director is like being Dhoni
sudhir srinivasan
On the sets of Yaan
Ravi K. Chandran
celebrity
Ravi K. Chandran turned director with Yaan and tells why 50 is a good age to start something new
Ravi K. Chandran is still coming to terms with the frenzy of being a director. This interview, for instance, was to have happened weeks ago. Putting things into perspective, he says, “I have cancelled a vacation during this period. My family has given up trying to call me.” People from different departments — sound engineering, visual fx, and editing — have kept his phone engaged till the wee hours of each morning. “I have been going to sleep at 3 a.m. every day. Being a director of photography had its own challenges, but at least I could take it easy,” he says. He knows all about cinematography, having worked on films such as Minsara Kanavu, Dil Chahta Hai, Boys, and Black.
When he turned 50 a couple of years ago, he knew it was time he tried his hand at direction, a long-nurtured dream. Yaan’s script was, after all, written as early as 2005. “Kamal was 45 when he directed Hey Ram, and he said it was quite late for him to get into direction at that age. I’m older, and my first film has just released.”
Writing isn’t new for him though, as he ran a magazine during his school days at Madhuranthakam. “The story of Yaan is inspired by a news item I read. When I first wrote it, it was perfect for a low-budget Malayalam film.” However, when he decided to scale up and make it in Hindi, he had to rewrite the script. “Abhishek Bachchan and Ranbir Kapoor were some names to be considered. It was Aditya Chopra who suggested I make it in Tamil, as I was comfortable in the language,” says Ravi, who admits to translating words into Tamil in his head before communicating in English. “I grew up in a small town and didn’t even get to see a telephone until I stepped into college.”
He believes it’s quite natural for a cinematographer to become a director. “We have seen many editors make this transition. If editors who work in the background can do it, why not people like me who are always on the sets? What I am today is because of the directors I have worked with.”
In a way, turning director has enabled him to view a film as a whole, he says. “Earlier, I would always analyse a scene in terms of lighting, composition, focus or exposure. Now, I’m able to enjoy the film.” Does he watch a film as any average viewer would? “I’m very emotional. Any melodramatic scene can move me to tears. Even Rowdy Rathore made me cry,” he says.
When shooting for Yaan began in late 2012, Ravi found himself in new territory. It unnerved him to discover that all eyes were on him. “I almost asked why they were all looking at me. It was like they were waiting for me to shoot something extraordinary,” he says, adding it became a habit for him to start with small scenes before shooting the complicated ones. He also praises Thulasi Nair’s performance in the film. “Harris Jayaraj told me I shouldn’t have cast such a young girl, but after seeing the first copy, he admitted that nobody else could have been more apt for the role.”
Ravi calls Yaan a glossy romantic film in the league of 12B, Endrendrum Punnagai, and a few Gautham Menon films. “I don’t see too many of them being made. Yaan is one such,” he says. He says he chose the topic because of his familiarity with urban life. “I don’t think I can direct even one scene in Paruthiveeran or Aadukalam. I have lost touch with my rural upbringing.” He wraps up with a simile. “Being a director is like being Dhoni. You have to lead, keep wickets, bat, and sometimes even bowl.”

Poor lighting led to the Patna stampede  says probePoor lighting led to the Patna stampede, says probe
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Patna, October 04, 2014
First Published: 23:37 IST(4/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:07 IST(5/10/2014)
A two-man committee probing the Gandhi Maidan stampede has pointed to inadequate lighting and obstructions at the exit gate as the main reasons for the tragedy that killed 33 people on Friday, sources told HT.
  
Play Pause
Family of injured victims weep outside a hospital where the stampede victims were admitted. PTI Photo
An aerial view of the crowd gathered during the Dussehra celebrations at Gandhi maidan in Patna on Friday. PTI Photo
An injured woman is carried on a stretcher to a hospital for treatment in Patna on Friday. AP
People stand near footwears of stampede victims during Dussehra function at Gandhi Maidan in Patna on Friday. PTI Photo
A woman takes an injured kid to hospital after a stampede during Dussehra celebrations at Gandhi Maidan in Patna on Friday. PTI
Police personnel takes a victim to hospital after a stampede during Dussehra celebrations at Gandhi Maidan in Patna on Friday. PTI Photo
The committee, consisting of principal home secretary Amir Shubhani and additional director general, headquarters (ADG-Hq), Gupteshwar Pandey, met the injured and later visited the Maidan and its adjoining areas.
Patna stampede: lessons learnt and unlearnt
“It has observed that the exit gate was loosely fastened with a cattle trap, which proved to be an impediment as many women were caught up in it. A ditch nearby, proved to be fatal as many fell into it,” sources quoted the panel members as having said.
The team also went through CCTV footages to study the stampede and gather clues.
The state government has already declared an ex-gratia amount of R3 lakh to the next of kin of the dead each, while the Centre has declared another R2 lakh in compensation.
Police officials told HT, that once the chief minister left after the ceremony ended, the SSP and his escort also left with him as per protocol. The district magistrate and the magistrates also left with the sections of armed police, which the administration claims was ‘as per protocol’, leaving only the lathi wielding constables on the grounds.
Meanwhile, the incident set off a blame game with politicians holding the state government responsible. Union ministers Ravi Shankar Prasad and Ram Vilas Paswan, besides state BJP leaders felt that the administration had no system in place, which caused the tragedy. They demanded the resignation of chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi.
Paswan attacked the JD(U) for allegedly failing to put in place measures to prevent the tragedy saying, “There was no security, no lighting, one gate was open while more than five lakh people were present there and the police was there only to rain lathis on the hapless people.”
The BJP also decided to send a memorandum to President Pranab Mukherjee while the Centre has also asked for a report from the state government.

Typhoon Phanfone on course to lash TokyoTyphoon Phanfone on course to lash Tokyo
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Oct 5:  
A powerful typhoon is on course to brush by Tokyo on Monday, after barrelling into southwestern Japan with heavy rain and wind that caused flights to be cancelled flights and knocked out power.
Typhoon Phanfone, which was downgraded from an earlier status of a super typhoon, is moving at 20 kph (12 mph), the Japan Meteorological Agency said on Sunday.
It is expected to head north after hitting parts of Kyushu and Okinawa islands with heavy rain and wind. About 30 cm (12 inches) of rain and heavy wind are forecast for eastern Japan, including the Tokyo metropolitan area.
"My school has already decided not to have classes tomorrow," said Tomoko Kakinuma, a 20-year old college student in Tokyo.
On Sunday, Japanese airlines All Nippon Airways and Japan Airlines Co cancelled flights to several southern Japanese cities and Kyushu Electric Power Co said over 21,000 households were without power.
Nansei Sekiyu, a Japanese refiner wholly owned by Brazil's Petrobras, has suspended marine operations at its 100,000 barrels-per-day refinery in Okinawa due to the typhoon, but other operations are unaffected, a company spokesman said.
The approach of the typhoon also forced the suspension of search efforts on Mount Ontake in central Japan, where 12 people remain missing following a volcanic eruption that killed at least 51, Kyodo news agency said.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

PM Narendra Modi begins party campaign in MumbaiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Google to make search faster on mobilesGoogle to make search faster on mobiles
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 5:  
Aimed at strengthening its foothold in the Indian mobile Internet space, tech giant Google will enable a faster search capability for mobile phones with slower network connections.
Using a new streamlined version of its search results page, the US-based company will automatically check if a user has a slow wireless connection and deliver a fast loading version of Search.
“Increasingly, people in India are accessing the Internet through mobile devices such as their smartphones. However, not all of these devices come with fast, cheap connections,” Google Distinguished Software Engineer Bharat Mediratta said in a blogpost.
Fewer bytes mean users get answers faster and cheaper, he added.
“Google’s high-quality results will remain the same, but elements such as images and maps will only show up when they are an essential part of the result,” he said.
This is just another step Google is taking to organise the world’s information and make it accessible to everyone, including those who do not have fast mobile connections, Mediratta added.
Google has been increasing its focus on the Indian market, bringing out products designed to cater to the price and quality-conscious people in the country.
Last month, it launched its Android One initiative in the country first, saying it was originally conceived with India in mind.
Under the Android One initiative, Google had initially partnered with three handset makers — Micromax, Karbonn and Spice — to bring out handsets priced at Rs 6,399, aimed at making affordable smartphones available to a larger number of people.
It has now extended the programme to more manufacturers and is also expanding it to other countries like Indonesia, Philippines, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka.
The US-based firm is also working to adding more options for searches in more local languages in India. Currently, Google has search options in nine languages here (for PCs).
Google, which offers voice-based search in 47 languages globally, also expects to roll out services in Indian regional languages in the future, though no specific timelines have been set for the same.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Shah Rukh Khan presented with Global Diversity AwardPress Trust of India | London | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:26 pm
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan was presented with the Global Diversity Award 2014 for his outstanding achievements in the field of cinema and his involvement in philanthropic endeavours.
Receiving the coveted award from Speaker of Britain’s House of Commons, the Rt Hon John Bercow at a special ceremony held in the House of Commons last night, the 48-year-old actor described it as a “big honour.”
“This is a special day for me and I am very humbled to receive the award instituted by Rainbow Foundation,” Shah Rukh said.
Noting that he came from a humble background, the actor said he has been working for the last 33 years.
“My first visit to England was when I was 27 in connection with the first film ‘Baazigar’. I have got lot more than I deserved.”
He said the award would inspire him to work a lot more for the community, particularly the neglected community. “I will try to do in a small away, whatever I can,” he said.
Rt Hon Keith Vaz, Founder of the Rainbow Foundation, said, “Shah Rukh Khan is regarded as one of the most famous actors on planet earth.”
“He has already featured in several films and won 14 Filmfare awards out of 30 he was nominated including eight best actor awards. He is also active in the fields of charity, particularly helping women who have suffered acid attacks,” Bercow said.
Previous recipients of the award are Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan, actress Aishwarya Rai, Prime Minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina, American civil rights leader Jesse Jackson, Formula One racer Lewis Hamilton, Jackie Chan, music legend Dionne Warwick among others.

US says  PM Narendra Modis visit extraordinarily successfulBarack Obama
(“I would say that the assessment…)
NEW DELHI: The US has described the PM Narendra Modi's visit as extraordinarily successful and asserted that his meeting with President Barack Obama has re-energised the strategic relationship between the world's two largest democracies.
"I would say that the assessment on our part is that the PMs visit was extraordinarily successful. It has provided a boost in terms of the vision and focus that we have for our bilateral relations," Phil Reiner , senior director for India at the National Security Council at the White House said on Thursday. The briefing was organized less than 48 hours after Modi's departure from the US and this itself signifies outcome of the trip.
"We are excited to be moving forward with a re-energised strategic partnership. The US continues to strongly support a prosperous India that plays an important role in the global stage, and I think the PM's visit really provided the opportunity for the two leaders to discuss that vision that's necessary in order to set the framework," Reiner claimed.
"I think the two leaders had a very positive conversation not only about our own bilateral relationship but the relationship that PM Modi is interested in developing with Pakistan," Reiner informed.
Hailing the efforts made by the Modi government to improve ties with Pakistan, Reiner said, "I think that everyone saw with the invitation that was extended to Pakistan's leader to come to New Delhi for the inauguration, I think there's a great interest on the Indian side to see that relationship grow and move in the right direction. That was the gist of the conversation."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amitabh Bachchan proud to be part of film industryPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:31 pm
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan , who has starred in more than 180 movies in a career spanning more than four decades, says he is proud to be a part of the film industry which integrates people.
“Cinema in today’s times is perhaps the only integrator left, in this fast disintegrating world… Proud to be in its fraternity,” the 71-year-old actor posted on twitter.
Amitabh Bachchan is currently shooting for Vidhu Vinod Chopra-produced film, which is being directed by Bejoy Nambiar and also stars Farhan Akhtar and Aditi Rao Hydari.
He recently wrapped up shooting for R Balki’s directorial venture ‘Shamitabh’.

Horror in Britain over Islamic State hostage beheadingHorror in Britain over Islamic State hostage beheading
By AFP | 4 Oct, 2014, 04.40PM IST
Speaking after a meeting with intelligence, Cameron vowed to "do everything we can to hunt down and find the people who are responsible for this".
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Britain reacted with horror on Saturday to the beheading of hostage Alan Henning, who many had dared to hope might be spared after a cross-community appeal for his release.
Prime Minister David Cameron led tributes to the 47-year-old taxi driver who went to the region as a volunteer to deliver aid and whose death was announced by Islamic State jihadists in a video released late Friday.
"The murder of Alan Henning is absolutely abhorrent, it is senseless, it is completely unforgivable," Cameron said, in comments reflected across the political spectrum.
The father of two was a "man of great peace, kindness and gentleness", he said, adding: "The fact they could murder him in the way they did shows what we are dealing with."
Speaking after a meeting with intelligence, military and government officials on Saturday morning, Cameron vowed to "do everything we can to hunt down and find the people who are responsible for this".
Henning, from Manchester in northwest England, became the fourth Western hostage murdered by IS militants since August and the second Briton, after aid worker David Haines.
But many friends and family had hoped Henning's fate would be different after an appeal for his release led by Britain's Muslim community.
Imams and other influential figures had written an open letter saying that the "despicable threats to Mr Henning cannot be justified anywhere in the Koran".
And Henning's wife Barbara claimed to have assurances that he had been cleared in a Sharia court of being a spy.
She issued a video appeal to his captors on Tuesday, saying he was a "peaceful, selfless man", and revealed that she had received an audio message from her husband.
The Muslim Council of Britain, the country's biggest Muslim umbrella organisation, said his murder was a "despicable and offensive act".
Majid Freeman, an aid worker from the central English town of Leicester who travelled to Syria with Henning, said that "it doesn't make sense to kill him".
"We're all very loud and clear that he's a simple aid worker, he's not gone there for political reasons," he told BBC radio.
Friends said Henning was touched by the suffering of Syria's civilian population, and he joined a group of Muslim friends who founded the charity "Rochdale Aid4Syria".
He was seized in December while taking an aid convoy to the country, and reappeared in the video showing Haines' beheading on September 13, threatened with his life.
Peter Neumann, professor of security studies at King's College London, said the murder made clear that the IS organisation would not be swayed by outside opinion.
"There's been a massive campaign over the past two weeks by pretty much every facet of the Muslim community in this country to get him to be released, including by a lot of people who would normally be considered extremist," he said.
Henning's murder "clearly shows that they have no red lines", Neumann told BBC radio.
Cameron concurred that "no appeals made any difference", and vowed to use "all the assets we have" to track down those responsible, help other hostages and defeat the IS militants.
But Freeman accused the British government of failing to work hard enough to secure Henning's release.
"The government have done nothing at all to help his case. If anything, they voted for air strikes which may have sealed his fate," the Leicester aid worker said.
British lawmakers voted last week to join US-led air strikes against IS jihadists in Iraq, and Royal Air Force (RAF) jets have conducted a number of strikes in recent days.
In the beheading video, Henning explained that he was being made to pay the price of the parliamentary vote.
One opposition Labour MP who did not take part in the vote said she now thought she perhaps should have.
"The vile murderers of ISIL make me almost wish I voted to bomb in Iraq last week," Fiona Mactaggart said on Twitter.
"I want to avenge the death of Alan Henning. I despise them."

IAF chief sounds alert over delayed fighter projectsAir Chief Marshal Arup Raha sounds alert over delayed fighter projects as IAF battle's ageing fleet
By Rajat Pandit, TNN | 5 Oct, 2014, 09.20AM IST
0
Share More
Down to just 34 fighter squadrons, which includes 14 of ageing & virtually obsolete MiG-21s & MiG-27s, IAF is worried about its fast-depleting air combat power.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Indian top-gun pilots are slowly but surely running out of combat-worthy fighters to fly. Faced with the twin-threat from China and Pakistan, the IAF has once again sounded the red-alert over the huge delays dogging all its three fighter induction projects.
Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha on Saturday said the delays in the MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project, the indigenous Tejas light combat aircraft programme and the joint development of the futuristic stealth fifth-generation fighter aircraft (FGFA) with Russia, should be a major concern for the entire country.
"Every project, be it acquisition or design and development, is taking longer than it should. We have lost timelines. We have quite a few fleets which are on their last legs. It's definitely a concern," said ACM Raha, ahead of the IAF's 82nd anniversary on October 8.
Down to just 34 fighter squadrons, which includes 14 of ageing and virtually obsolete MiG-21s and MiG-27s, IAF is obviously worried about its fast-depleting air combat power when both China and Pakistan continue to flex their muscles along the borders. It requires at least 44 squadrons to be at ease against both.
Responding to the military standoff with China in Chumar and Demchok sectors of eastern Ladakh last month, which coincided with Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India, the IAF chief said it was "mysterious" how such border incursions took place during high-profile visits
"In diplomacy, some signaling is done. I am not going to guess why it was done. But we are not giving ground to anyone," said ACM Raha, who is also the chairman of the chiefs of staff committee. He admitted it would take four to five years to plug all operational and infrastructure gaps in Ladakh and the north-east.
The new Modi government is showing "great urgency" in "expediting" processes and projects. With all the three Service chiefs meeting the PM on a one-on-one basis every month, every project is being reviewed and accountability being fixed, he said.
But it will take a lot of doing. The indigenous Tejas fighter, in the making for over 30 years now, for instance is still far from becoming fully combat-ready. Tejas also cannot replace the need for a MMRCA since the light-weight fighter has a shorter-range and less weapon-load carrying capability. It will not, for instance, be capable of deep-penetration attacks into China.
Similarly, the final commercial negotiations for the almost $20 billion MMRCA project -- the global tender for which was floated in August 2007 - for 126 French Rafale fighters have proceeded at a glacial pace.
Though the work of three sub-committees dealing with technical maintenance, offsets and transfer of technology has been completed, sources said Dassault Aviation is still reluctant to take responsibility, with warranty and liquidity damages, for the 108 Rafale jets to be made in India by Hindustan Aeronautics.

Jobs galore in e-Commerce space; 1.5 lakh jobs likely in 2-3 years20
0
New Delhi: Its raining jobs in the e-commerce space as this segment could grow at 20-25 per cent over the next 2-3 years in terms of jobs, salaries and growth, which in turn could create at least 1,50,000 jobs.
The current estimated size of the industry is about Rs 18,000 crore and is expected to reach Rs 50,000 crore by 2016 and as the industry grows, the demand for talent would grow proportionally.
"We are extremely bullish on the e-Commerce sector in India. There are nearly 200 start-ups flush with PE/VC funds within this area and several hundred that are treading the same lines. We believe over the next 2-3 yrs, this sector will create at least 1,50,000 jobs," Antal International Network India Managing Director Joseph Devasia said.
The current estimated size of the industry is about Rs 18,000 crore and is expected to reach Rs 50,000 crore by 2016 and as the industry grows, the demand for talent would grow proportionally.
#india #jobs #e commerce #salary
Commenting on this trend, Mani Sankar Das Gupta, Chief, Placement Unit, BITS Pilani said "the industry is very bullish, the main players- Amazon, eBay, Flipkart, Myntra etc. are regular recruiters from BITS and are now generating huge revenues, and have increased the number of hiring this year."
Since the sector is fairly new, there is a severe dearth of talent at all levels and in order to attract and retain key talent some of the leading ecommerce players today are even shelling out "crore+" salaries.
On this, BITS Pilani's Gupta said "In India, most e-Commerce players increased the salaries by 10-40 per cent between 2013 to 2014 and are now paying salaries ranging from Rs 10-23 lacs and are hiring large entry level employees.
At mid & senior level also salaries are swelling by 10-15 per cent every year, besides the priceless stock options that are offered, that makes employees millionaires," Gupta added.
Jayesh Pandey, Managing Director, Talent & Organisation at Accenture India believes, "salaries in this sector are likely to see a higher degree of ESOPs and performance based rewards as compared to other industries".
Rajiv Srivatsa COO & Co-founder Urban Ladder said: " We are at par with most other e-commerce companies in terms of salary. Along with the salary component, employee stock options attract a lot of talent since the industry is on a massive growth path".
Indian Staffing Federation executive director Suchita Dutta said "E-commerce hiring is extremely bullish with the sector alone ready to hire over 15,000 in the next 5 months. The upscale is largely driven by robust positive sentiment both amongst consumers as well as the industry."
The indicative salary outlook for junior employees is Rs 1.45 lakh-Rs 3 lakh per annum, while for mid-management it is between Rs 12 lakh-Rs 30 lakh per annum, Dutta added.
31

Israel to summon Sweden ambassador over PalestineSwedish Prime Minister, Stefan Lofven, attends a press conference at the Swedish parliament 'Riksdagen' in Stockholm, Friday, Oct. 3, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:18 pm
Israel’s Foreign Ministry says it will summon Sweden’s ambassador following that country’s decision to recognize a Palestinian state.
Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said in a statement that he “regrets” that Sweden “rushed” to make its decision without properly understanding the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians.
On Sunday, Foreign Ministry spokesman Emmanuel Nahshon said the ambassador would be summoned Monday.
In a declaration listing his government’s priorities on Friday, Swedish premier Stefan Lofven told lawmakers that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict can only be resolved through a two-state solution requiring “mutual recognition” and a will from both sides to co-exist peacefully. He then said Sweden would recognize a Palestinian state, but did not say how or when.
Israel fears that Sweden’s move could prompt more European countries to recognize a Palestinian state.

Maharashtra elections: Vinod Tawde to face tough poll debut  but likely to sail through4
0
Mumbai: The maiden electoral battle for senior Maharashtra BJP leader Vinod Tawde may not be a cakewalk as former ally Shiv Sena reportedly wants its cadre to ensure his defeat since it blames him to be one of the architects of the breakup of the 25-year-old saffron alliance.
However, the 'Narendra Modi effect' among Tawde's Borivali constituency's Gujarati and Maharashtrian Brahmin population is likely to see him through, say observers.
Tawde, who has risen from a ABVP activist to be one of the top state leaders and is among Maharashtra BJP's core group members with Chief Ministerial ambitions, chose Borivali Assembly seat in Mumbai North parliamentary constituency because Vile Parle, where he resides, was in the quota of BJP's now former ally Shiv Sena.
Tawde, Leader of Opposition in state Legislative Council, also rubbished Sena's claim that he was among the BJP leaders responsible for break-up of the alliance.
#vinod tawde #maharashtra elections #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #bjp
With an electorate of 3.24 lakh, Borivali has predominantly middle-class mixed population, including Gujaratis and Maharashtrians.
If Shiv Sena-BJP alliance had continued, Tawde would not have had to slog to enter the Assembly, observers feel. Sena leader Vinod Ghosalkar, seeking re-election from neighbouring Dahisar Assembly seat of North Mumbai, says had the alliance stayed, Tawde would have won hands down.
"But now, he would have to work hard because Shiv Sena has given ticket to a local candidate, who is a professional (chartered accountant) and of Rajasthani origin. Borivali is a cosmopolitan area and our candidate is well known," he said.
However, Tawde, striking a balancing act by campaigning across the state as well as in Borivali, is highlighting the need to strengthen public transport.
Tawde, Leader of Opposition in state Legislative Council, also rubbished Sena's claim that he was among the BJP leaders responsible for break-up of the alliance.
"I don't want to comment on this allegation. We are focussing on appealing people to vote for the BJP just as they had done in the Lok Sabha elections," Tawde said.
Shiv Sena candidate Uttam Prakash Agarwal said Borivali comprises of educated and politically aware voters and there are no predetermined notions about the area being a stronghold of any particular party.
"The organisational structure of Shiv Sena is amazing and it's because of the efforts put in by late Bal Thackeray. The Sena-BJP were in alliance for the last 25 years and Shiv Sena never got a chance to contest from this area because BJP, under Ram Naik, was flourishing here. After Ram Naik, the BJP organisation has floundered while Shiv Sena is strong and intact," he said.
0

Battle for Maharashtra: Sharad Pawar talks about NCP s game planMaharashtra: Shiv Sena ready to go with BJP's choice of CM
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Won t say a word against Shiv Sena as a mark of respect for Bal Thackeray  says ModiOct 05, 2014 at  01:42pm IST
Won't say a word against Shiv Sena as a mark of respect for Bal Thackeray, says Modi
7
1
Mumbai: Reacting to recurring reports over his silence on the breaking of the 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said that he will not say even a single word against the Shiv Sena as he has immense respect for its founder Balasaheb Thackeray.
"There are a few things which are above politics. I have immense respect for Balasahab Thackeray. These are the first polls in the state after he passed away. As a mark of respect for him, I will not speak a word against Shiv Sena," Modi said.
Launching a personal attack on Nationalist Congress Party chief Sharad Pawar, Modi said that he was ashamed at the way Pawar was using Shivaji's name for his politics. He also highlighted that how despite serving as the chief minister and the agriculture minister, he failed to resolve the water woes of the people of Maharashtra.
Launching a personal attack, Modi said that he was ashamed at the way  NCP chief Sharad Pawar was using Shivaji's name for politics.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #narendra modi #ncp #sharad pawar
"I am ashamed at how Sharad Pawar is using Shivaji maharaj's name. He has cheated the people of Maharashtra," he said. His statements against Pawar come at a time when there were strong rumours that he was responsible for the divorce between Shiv Sena and the BJP. There have also been rumours that the BJP might tie up with the NCP in the polls.
Addressing a rally at Tasgaon, Sangli, he urged the people to vote for BJP with a massive majority in Maharashtra just like at the Centre in the Lok Sabha polls.
10

Narendra Modi targets Uddhav Thackeray s Shiv Sena  says people collect haftas but don t deliverThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Finance Ministry asks banks to tighten norms for high value FDsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pakistan Taliban switches side; vows to send jihadists to help ISISE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Stock Markets to Track Factory Output Data  Infosys Earnings This Week: ExpertsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Deadline looms for Hong Kong protestersDeadline looms for Hong Kong protesters
AFP
Hong Kong, October 05, 2014
First Published: 12:21 IST(5/10/2014)
print
A deadline for pro-democracy demonstrators to clear Hong Kong's barricaded streets loomed Sunday, as the Beijing-backed leader claimed the disorder now risked "serious consequences" for public safety and Chinese state media said it had ruined the city's image.
Embattled chief executive Leung Chun-ying said the government was determined to "take all necessary actions to restore social order" and allow residents to "return to their normal work and life". In particular he pointed to the need to allow government staff to resume work by Monday morning.
Only a few hundred were on the streets early Sunday afternoon in the downtown Admiralty district near the government headquarters. Hours earlier tens of thousands had turned out there in the biggest gathering yet of the week-long protest.
Pro-democracy protesters stage a rally on a occupied road in Mong Kok district, Hong Kong.(AP photo)
But it remained to be seen whether protesters had heeded Leung's call or merely headed home for some rest before taking to the streets again, which has been the pattern all week.
Those there said they had no intention of leaving.
"I don't know the police's strategy, but I've told my friends and students that we have to be here tonight," said Petula Ho, an associate professor at Hong Kong University (HKU).
"Students don't have to be in dangerous areas in the front, but we must be here."
Nixon Leung, a 22-year-old masters student at HKU, said: "I'm worried about the threat from CY, but I'm not going to leave because we are fighting for our values and genuine universal suffrage.
"We must continue our fight. The government has not responded to our demands for civil nomination and for CY to step down, but have constantly asked us to retreat. We simply cannot accept that."
The protesters are demanding the right to nominate who can run as Hong Kong's next leader in 2017 elections.
   
Ominous warning
The Communist government of China, which regained sovereignty over Hong Kong from Britain in 1997, insists that only pre-approved candidates will be able to stand and has repeatedly said the protests are doomed to fail.
Leung said he was determined to clear the streets near the government offices by Monday, after two public holidays cut short the working week last week.
"We have to ensure the safety of government premises and restore their operation," Leung said in a televised address late Saturday.
"The most pressing task for the government is to reopen access to the CGO (Central Government Offices) on Monday so that some 3,000 CGO staff can return to their workplace and continue to provide services to the public."
Leung, who was voted into office by 689 people on a pro-Beijing committee numbering just 1,200 two years ago, issued an ominous warning if the protests are not ended.
"The situation may probably evolve into a state beyond control, and will have serious consequences to public safety and social order," he said.
Sunday marked exactly a week since police fired tear gas on protesters in an effort to disperse them, but only adding sympathy to their cause and boosting numbers.
   
'I'm going to stay'
"I saw police transporting bags of supplies that looked like riot gear into government headquarters," said Ivan Ha, a psychology student.
"But despite that, I'm going to stay until real dialogue happens, hopefully with CY," the 20-year-old added.
Student leaders said early Sunday that they were willing to enter into negotiations with the government if certain conditions were met.
They had earlier scrapped an offer of talks over anger at police for failing to protect them from violence.
Sporadic clashes have broken out, mainly in the Kowloon district of Mongkok, with democracy activists claiming that agitators from the city's triad mobs are being paid to attack peaceful demonstrators.
Police armed with batons stand guard in Mongkok, Hong Kong. Fresh clashes broke out in Mongkok overnight as police deployed pepper spray and batons against angry crowds of pro-democracy protesters who accused officers of failing to protect them the previous night when their protest camp was attacked by government loyalist crowds. (AFP photo)
 
Hong Kong's main student union, HKFS, said in a statement: "The government should investigate why the police were so lax in enforcement, accusations of helping criminals and to give an explanation to the public as soon as possible.
"As long as the government responds to the above, the students are willing to talk again," it said.
Violence flared anew in the early hours of Sunday in densely-populated Mongkok district as riot police used batons and pepper spray to fight back demonstrators who accused officers of cooperating with gangsters.
Police Senior Superintendent Patrick Kwok defended the use of the spray while Financial Secretary John Tsang admitted Sunday the government had "no experience and psychological preparation" for the extent of the Occupy movement.
While drawing many sympathisers to the streets, the protest campaign has also caused wide-scale disruption and taken a heavy toll on local businesses.
Small rallies by crowds sporting blue ribbons have been held by people who say they support the police and the government.
The People's Daily newspaper, a Communist Party mouthpiece, said in an editorial on Sunday, that the image of Hong Kong as a ruly, incident-free city had been "ruined".

Maharashtra elections: MNS springs a surprise  gives ticket to a north Indian15
1
Mumbai: In a move that has caused eyebrows to raise, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), the party known for its anti-north Indian stand since its birth in 2006, has given candidature to a north Indian for the October 15 state Assembly polls.
Akhilesh Chaubey, whose roots are traced to Jaunpur in Uttar Pradesh, has been fielded as the MNS candidate from the Kandivali (East) constituency in Mumbai. General secretary of the legal cell of the Raj Thackeray-led party, Chaubey is the party's only north Indian candidate in the upcoming polls. He is also the party's first ever north Indian poll nominee so far.
A lawyer by profession, Chaubey says his party is not against any particular community as perceived by some and it welcomes anyone willing to contribute to the development of the state.
Akhilesh Chaubey, whose roots are traced to Jaunpur in Uttar Pradesh, has been fielded as the MNS candidate from th
#mns #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #akhilesh chaubey #raj thackeray
"My party does not want people who do not have work-related agenda on their minds. We welcome all who are sure of what they want to do with their lives. We want people from other states, who are not just willing to contribute to the progress of Maharashtra, but also focus on their personal development," Chaubey said.
Interestingly, Kandivali (East) constituency has the highest number of north Indian voters, followed by the Marathi and Gujaratis. In terms of number, out of the total 2,72,000 voters in the constituency, 90,000 are north Indians, followed by 74,000 Marathi people and 60,000 Gujaratis. North Indians, thus, form almost one-third of the total electorate and giving candidature to someone from Uttar Pradesh could be the party's bid to reach out to the migrants from north India.
However, Chaubey says that the strong presence of the north Indians is not the only factor that got him party's candidature. A gradual realisation among voters, that MNS believes in the development of the state and not in caste-based politics also contributed to it, he said.
"If the party was against north Indians, I would never have got a ticket. The people have started realising now that MNS believes in development and giving fair rights to all. So the constituency with a large number of north Indian voters was not the only factor, but being loyal to Maharashtra got me a ticket," Chaubey said.
1

IRF turnover hits Rs 1.5 lakh cr in Apr-SeptThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BJP back-stabbed Balasaheb by snapping ties with Sena: AdityaThackerayShiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray and Yuva Sena leader Aditya Thackeray during a rally in Mumbai on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Nashik | Posted: October 5, 2014 3:26 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 5:58 pm
Sharpening attack on erstwhile ally BJP, Shiv Sena on Sunday accused it of backstabbing late Sena supremo Bal Thackeray by snapping ties with his party over seat sharing in Maharashtra Assembly polls.
“BJP grew in Maharashtra by holding the hand of Shiv Sena. However, as soon as the party came to power at the Centre, it snapped ties with the Sena. By doing this, the BJP has back-stabbed late Balasaheb Thackeray,” Shiv Sena’s youth wing president Aditya Thackeray said here last night.
However, hours later, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said he will not a utter a word against Shiv Sena during the campaign for the October 15 Maharashtra polls as a mark of respect to Bal Thackeray.
“This is the first election in absence of late Bal Thackeray, for whom I have great respect. I have decided not to utter a single word against Shiv Sena. This is my tribute to Balasaheb Thackeray,” Modi said at a rally in Tasgaon on the second day of his campaigning.
Balasaheb always considered Sena’s alliance partner BJP as a family, Aditya Thackeray said adding, “Nonetheless, the BJP parted ways with us over seat sharing.”
Aditya was speaking at an election rally held here for Shiv Sena candidates Ajay Boraste (Nashik-Central) and Chandrakant Lavate (Nashik-East).
Accusing the Congress and NCP of indulging in corruption and holding them responsible for the problems like load shedding in the state, Aditya asked people to defeat these parties.

Three mistakes to avoidUpdated: October 5, 2014 20:08 IST
Three mistakes to avoid
The Hindu Learn what to avoid to maximise your chances. Photo: Mohammed Yousuf
TOPICS
entrance examination
A few points to remember when tackling the CAT 2014.
When developing a strategy to tackle CAT 2014, it is wise to avoid some common mistakes that candidates tend to commit. Here, we look at three common mistakes and how to handle them.
Time overrun in one of the sections
Now that the sectional time limit has been taken away in the Common Admission Test 2014, candidates need to be very careful not to overspend their most precious resource —time — in a section of “their” choice. Please keep in mind that your favourite section exists as a notion only in your mind. CAT treats all sections equally. The revised pattern has shifted the responsibility of managing time across sections, and, therefore, across a variety of questions to the test-taker. This can be seen as an advantage if you master the pattern by taking up a good number of mock exams during the remaining weeks.
Going in with predetermined idea about the number of attempts
The increase in the number of questions to 100 in the CAT gives a much larger bandwidth for candidates to perform. Ideally, you would have taken several mock tests to familiarise yourself with the new time-question combination. At the same time, keep in mind that the mock tests just give you an opportunity to feel the game and play a few strokes — if we may use the language of cricket. The actual scenario, in terms of the level of difficulty of questions and the relative distribution across different test areas, will unfold only on the examination day. The idea is to be prepared to extract the best out of the situation. So again, using the language of cricket — do not play premeditated shots. Understand the overall tone of the paper and answer questions based on the merits of each question.
Marking off too many to return to later
One luxury the new format offers is the additional time and, the resulting flexibility to see more questions, but this can turn into a quagmire if you mark off many questions to get back to later. While there is technically nothing wrong in this approach, the more the number of these questions, the more work you will need to put in to each question to get to some comfort level. Do not assume that you can get back to the same level of understanding the “marked off” questions as soon as you decide to look them up again. So use this option exactly as it needs to be used — as an option, not as a routine.
The writer is the Director, T.I.M.E., Chennai

EPFO members to access accounts real timeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BHEL signs up with TS Genco as EPC for 6 000 mwHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
BHEL signs MoU with TS Genco as EPC for 6,000 mw
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 5:  
Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited and Telangana State Power Generation Corporation (TS Genco) have entered into a memorandum of understanding to work together and establish thermal power generation capacity of about 6,000 MW in the new State.
The memorandum was signed between the Chairman and Managing Director of TS Genco D. Prabhakar Rao, and Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited Chairman and Managing Director, B. Prasad Rao, on Saturday in the presence of State Chief Minister K. Chandrashekar Rao.
BHEL will facilitate setting up of 6,000 mw of thermal power plant capacity as an EPC contractor. As one of the largest engineering and manufacturing enterprise in India and a top power plant equipment maker, BHEL’s range of services extend from project feasibility through design, manufacture, supply, erection and commissioning to after sales service.
At present, TS Genco has an installed power generating capacity of about 4,364 mw both thermal and hydel. It has the technical capability and expertise in the area of installing, owning, operating and maintaining the power plants.
BHEL has earlier executed thermal power projects in Telangana in Bhupalapally, Singareni Colleries and Kothagudem and their performance is above the national average of the plant load factor.
According to a statement from the Chief Minister’s Office, Chandrashekar Rao has reposed faith and confidence in the Maharatna undertaking BHEL and has nominated it as an EPC contractor. It has been asked to execute the projects within the next three years.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Stamp duty revenues rise by one-third© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4230ac0e-488b-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

London is losing its swingOctober 3, 2014 3:40 pm
In its pomp, London is losing its swing
By Edwin Heathcote
Counterintuitively, the city needs to pursue policies to restrain its success, says Edwin Heathcote
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6431dfe8-4972-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A gaffe is forever on US campaign trailA gaffe is forever on the US campaign trail
By Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5564fc2a-48e1-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Business puts its cash behind RepublicansBusiness puts its cash behind Republicans
By Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1cd4c684-483b-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obamas grass roots advantage under threatBarack Obama’s grass roots advantage under threat
By Richard McGregor in Raleigh, North Carolina
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/02ffcb02-42a3-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sales up at clothes discounter PrimarkPrimark sales leap as ABF dismisses any online operations
By Scheherazade Daneshkhu, Consumer Industries Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/86e8438e-0849-11e4-9380-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Who will be the mayor of London after Boris Johnson leavesWho will be the next mayor of London?
By George Parker
Next Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
Only two people have held the post of elected London mayor since it was created in 2000, each with egos to match a capital city bulking up on globalisation and rapidly expanding towards a population of 10m.
Between 2000 and 2008, the post was held by Labour’s Ken Livingstone, the self-styled voice of London’s underdogs, charging bankers a congestion charge to drive their Range Rovers into the City in order to fund updates to the Tube and buses.
More
Mind the gap
Then came Tory Boris Johnson , winning over a traditionally Labour city with his eccentric style and embrace of London as a cosmopolitan, skyscraping, money-making machine; he also became the public face of a joyous Olympic Games. But Johnson says he will not seek a third term as London mayor in 2016 and is plotting a return to national politics. The capital will soon be looking for a new leader to guide what is arguably the ultimate global city into a new era from 2016.
The post of London mayor has relatively limited formal powers, but both Livingstone and Johnson have shown that a big character can turn it into a big job.
The main focus is on who Labour will field as its candidate, with a widespread expectation that the capital will return to type and swing to the left after its dalliance with the Old Etonian Johnson. Local elections in London in May saw Labour win 1,052 council seats, compared with 612 for the Tories and 118 for the Liberal Democrats. The mayoralty is Labour’s to lose.
The party’s potential candidates are already milling around the starting line, with the early frontrunner seen as Dame Tessa Jowell, the popular former Olympics minister who helped deliver the project in 2012. As with most of the other possible Labour candidates, Jowell says she is focused solely on helping her party win the 2015 general election. She says she has a “big decision to make” but that she is “devoted to London” and believes the city’s mayor will have an important role to play in giving the capital the infrastructure it needs to keep pace with its growing population.
Whoever eventually contests the 2016 city Hall election, Londoners will expect their new mayor to deliver on housing, trains, buses and lower crime
Jowell points out that housing has become so expensive that half of London’s police officers live outside the capital; she believes 200,000 homes could be built on brownfield sites. “Boris will be remembered for capturing the zeitgeist of the Olympic period, but he won’t be remembered as someone who delivered the essential infrastructure that safeguards London as the world’s leading capital city,” she says.
Whoever emerges as Labour’s candidate, a common prospectus is already emerging based on the need to promote new housing, new rail systems and greater investment in buses across the sprawling metropolis.
While Jowell was regarded as a touchy-feely minister who built consensus across party lines, other Labour candidates are more at the abrasive Livingstone end of the scale.
Your opinion
Diane Abbott was the first black woman to be elected to the House of Commons in 1987 and is seen as a strong potential rival, with a strident left-wing appeal to the Labour activists and registered supporters who will choose Labour’s candidate in a “closed primary”. Independent-minded and outside the Labour mainstream (like Livingstone), Abbott said last year: “Londoners don’t want a party hack. Big cities never want a party hack – they want someone who is independent and who will stand up for them.”
The other leading candidate of Labour’s soft left is Sadiq Khan, MP for Tooting, who ran the campaign of Ed Miliband for Labour leader and is now the party’s spokesman on the capital. His London brief gives Khan the luxury of being able to promote his ideas while simultaneously criticising other potential mayoral candidates for taking part in a “beauty parade” when they should be focusing on the 2015 general election.
Khan has defended Labour’s plans for a “ mansion tax ” on properties worth more than £2m, although the capital’s inflated property market means that even apartments in some parts of the city can cost that much.
Margaret Hodge, the tough chairwoman of the House of Commons public accounts committee, is also thought to be weighing a mayoral bid, as are Andrew Adonis, the peer and former transport minister. David Lammy, MP for Tottenham, said earlier this month that he intended to stand.
While Labour has a surfeit of potential candidates, the widely held view in Tory circles is that retaining the mayoralty in a Labour-inclined city after Johnson leaves will be a huge – perhaps hopeless – task.
David Cameron, the prime minister, has sounded out various possible runners, in the hope that he can find “another Boris” – a candidate with a personality so big that he or she can transcend party boundaries. Approaches were made, so far without success, by Cameron and Johnson to Sebastian Coe, the Olympic gold medallist and former Tory MP, who worked with Jowell in delivering the 2012 London Games.
The Tories are also scouring the world of business and celebrity. Nick Ferrari, the populist presenter of the morning show on LBC radio, is talked about as a possible contender, as is businesswoman and television star Karren Brady. Brady, vice-chairwoman of West Ham United football club and star of The Apprentice television show, has supported the Tories since she was 18 and was picked to introduce chancellor George Osborne at last year’s Tory conference.
If the Tories hold out little hope of retaining the mayoralty in 2016, the Liberal Democrats’ position is far worse. The third party suffered heavy defeats in the capital in May, including losing a flagship council in Kingston.
Meanwhile, the cosmopolitan, outward-looking voters of London seem to be unimpressed by the insurgent UK Independence Party, which advanced across Britain in the May elections but made little headway in the capital. In an embarrassing admission, Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans admitted her party was relatively weak in the capital because Londoners were “cultural, educated and young”.
Whoever eventually contests the 2016 City Hall election, Londoners will expect their new mayor to deliver on new housing, trains, buses and lower crime, where necessary taking the fight to central government.
In a city of global swagger and occasional self-doubt, with extreme wealth adjacent to crushing poverty, the job of London mayor will never be easy, but it seems there will be no shortage of people willing to try.
-------------------------------------------
Blond ambition: first stop Uxbridge on the return to Westminster
Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson’s second term as London mayor does not expire until 2016, but already he is plotting his re-entry to national politics and perhaps his route to 10 Downing Street.
Two terms at city Hall have transformed Boris Johnson from an unfocused and ineffective Tory MP into a vote-winning phenomenon
Johnson finally confirmed last month he would seek to return to Westminster as an MP at the 2015 general election, resuming a parliamentary career interrupted in 2008 when he became mayor.
David Cameron, the prime minister, welcomed Johnson’s planned return, declaring: “I’ve always wanted my star players on the pitch.” But Cameron knows his greatest rival for the Tory leadership will soon be sitting feet from him in the House of Commons.
The ebullient London mayor is ranked alongside Theresa May , the no-frills home secretary, as favourite to succeed Cameron as Tory leader and – Johnson hopes – prime minister. The contrast could not be greater.
Nobody doubts Johnson’s ambition, in spite of his typically disarming suggestion that he might only have “a crack” at being prime minister “if the ball came loose from the back of the scrum”. His two terms at City Hall have transformed him from an unfocused and ineffective Tory MP into a vote-winning phenomenon, capable of delivering victory over Labour.
Johnson said in 2012 he had delivered 90 per cent of his promises in his first term, with a record that included falling crime, Tube investment rising and the introduction of so-called “Boris bikes”. Labour retorts his record in helping London’s poorest, including his failure to deliver the homes the capital needs for its swelling population, is far from impressive.
But Johnson’s appeal as a potential leader lies less in his record of delivery in London than the elan with which he has captured the mood of the city – including embodying the optimism around the 2012 Olympics.
Some Londoners may feel Johnson is letting them down by seeking a dual mandate for a year from 2015 to 2016, when he hopes to serve both as an MP and as mayor. Just 37 per cent of voters in a YouGov poll thought it was “reasonable”. In fact, Johnson already juggles several apparently demanding roles: apart from his day job as London mayor he is a Daily Telegraph columnist and is writing a book on Sir Winston Churchill.
Finding a safe Tory seat to fight will not be a problem. Johnson is adored by Conservative activists and a number of ageing MPs in the London area have hinted they could stand aside next year to give him a clear run back to parliament. Last month, the mayor announced he would apply to become the candidate for the safe seat of Uxbridge and South Ruislip.
If Cameron loses the next election, he would be expected to stand down. Johnson would be likely to stand in the subsequent leadership contest, but one friend admits: “He wouldn’t be very good as an opposition leader. It’s five years of hard toil.”
If Cameron wins in 2015, there would be a different kind of risk for Johnson. Cameron might hand him a tough ministerial brief as soon as his mayoral term ended – a poisoned chalice that Johnson might feel duty-bound to accept.
While Cameron and Johnson say their public rivalry belies a cordial private relationship, the mayor knows the prime minister would rather the Tory succession passed to chancellor George Osborne. That is why some Johnson allies suggested Johnson should stay clear of potential bear traps at Westminster, perhaps spending a year or two writing and making money after his mayoral term and then return to the Commons.
But Johnson recognised the problem with that scenario: the longer he stays away from Westminster, the more time his rivals have to prepare their leadership campaigns. He was not prepared to take that risk.
Related Topics

Mom Having QuadrupletsSee Expectant Mom's Shocked Face When She Learned She Was Having Quadruplets
Oct 3, 2014, 5:34 PM ET
Ashley and Tyson Gardner had been trying to have a baby for years, when they found out they were having quadruplets.
Alicia Hallock/Gardner Quad Squad/YouTube
Share
Copy
A Utah couple is getting ready to welcome two sets of identical twins -- a one in 70 million occurrence -- after spending years in fertility treatments.
Ashley and Tyson Gardner are having quadruplets, after two implanted embryos split, resulting in two sets of identical twins.
The chances of two identical sets of twins is approximately on in 70 million, according to Dr. Alan Penzias, associate professor of obstetrics, gynecology and reproductive biology at Harvard Medical School. There were 276 sets of quadruplets born in the U.S. in 2012, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Alicia Hallock/Gardner Quad Squad/YouTube
PHOTO: Ashley Gardner was shocked when she learned she was having quadruplets.
The news comes after years of fertility treatments for the couple.
Ashley Gardner, 27, was diagnosed with endometriosis in her early twenties. The disorder, which involves tissue growing outside the uterus, meant she and her husband faced years of difficulty conceiving.
Chinese Quadruplets Shave Their Head To Differentiate
Eventually, as a last resort, the couple tried in-vitro fertilization this year. Only two of the nine embryos created were viable for implantation, they said.
"When you finally get there, you feel beaten down and still have a steep hill to climb," Tyson Gardner told ABC News.
Seven weeks after undergoing IVF, Ashley Gardner went to get an ultrasound to see if the pregnancy was viable. The ultrasound technician initially told them they were having twins. Then took another moment and looked closer at the screen.
"After about a minute of staring at the screen, she said there's four babies in here," recalled Tyson Gardner. "Me and Ashley's faces went pale white."
A picture of Ashely's shocked face looking at the ultrasound screen has gone viral on Facebook and other social media sites . Tyson Gardner said both he and his wife came from large families and are ecstatic they will get to have a large family.
"We'll get our whole entire family here in one shot," he said.
Though excited, the couple is trying to prepare for any problems they might face when the infants come. Tyson Gardner said they're already stocking up on diapers and that family and friends have started to put together fundraisers for the expectant parents.
"We try to tackle one day at time. We're so overwhelmed by what we've been blessed with," said Tyson Gardner.
Dr. David Hackney, a maternal and fetal medicine doctor at University Hospitals Case Medical Center, said Ashley Gardner's quadruplets were extremely rare.
"She won the lottery I suspect on this one," he said.
Hackney also pointed out that the couple would have to be careful with the pregnancy. Quadruplets are at high risk for pre-term birth and other complications.
"Almost all patients with quads are going to deliver pre-term. Your average patient with quads is going to deliver around 30 to 32 weeks," Hackney said.
The baby shower is being held next week, when Ashley Gardner is just 18 weeks pregnant. The couple was worried if they waited, the expectant mom might end up on bed rest before she could enjoy the party.
"It's been a whirlwind," said Tyson Gardner, who said the couple's doctors said she might deliver at 28 weeks. Suddenly they had three months less to prepare.
"The honest answer is I don't know if you can prepare for this," said Tyson Garnder. "It's happening so fast we're just trying to survive every day. The only thing we really care about at this point is the health of our babies."

Gruden expects to use WR Moss at some pointSantana Moss has assured his place in Washington Redskins ’ history.
Santana Moss says his words can get overblown, but he and Robert Griffin III spoke and have no issues. (Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
In 2005, the year the wide receiver was acquired in a trade with the New York Jets, Moss set Washington’s single-season receiving record of 1,483 yards, a mark that stands today.
Since then, he has climbed to third on Washington’s list of total receptions, trailing only Art Monk’s 888 and Charley Taylor’s 649 with 571 catches. And he’s fourth on the list of total receiving yards, behind Monk (12,026), Taylor (9,110) and Gary Clark (8,742) with 7,751 yards.
Four games into his 14th NFL season, Moss has yet to play in a regular-season game under first-year Coach Jay Gruden, who has made him inactive for each contest.
But Gruden said he expects that to change going forward, although he didn’t spell out a circumstance or scenario for activating Moss. “He’s very close right now,” Gruden said of Moss, 35, whom he singled out for praise more than once during training camp.
As it stands, Moss is caught in a numbers game through no fault of his own, the coach explained.
It starts with the issue of raw speed.
It’s a quality Gruden prizes in wide receivers, and three-time Pro Bowler DeSean Jackson has it, timed at 4.35 seconds in the 40-yard dash.
With Jackson ailing since Week 2 with a left shoulder sprain, Gruden has chosen to keep fourth-year wide receiver Aldrick Robinson active as insurance, in case Jackson needs a break.
“We wanted to have another speed threat out there; 4.25, 4.3 is tough to substitute for,” Gruden said.
The coach is also keen on developing rookie Ryan Grant, whose route running impressed him throughout training camp.
Pierre Garcon, Washington’s leading receiver last season, is a given in the lineup. Once again, he leads the team with 24 catches (for 255 yards) through the first four games. And Andre Roberts, a key free-agent pickup, contributes two-fold as a wide receiver and return specialist.
“He’s just right now the odd man out,” Gruden said of the 5-foot-10, 193-pound Moss, whose role in the passing game has evolved during his tenure with the team. “[It’s] nothing that he’s done wrong. It’s just we feel like we’ve got five receivers that are a little bit more useful. But we have a great deal of respect for Santana, what he brings to this team on and off the field.
“I would imagine that by season’s end, he’s going to get his reps and he’s going to get his looks. I don’t know when that will be though.”
Heading into Monday’s game against Seattle (2-1), Jackson is Washington’s third-leading receiver, with 15 catches for 207 yards. Roberts is fifth, with 10 catches for 135 yards. Grant has five catches; Robinson, one.
Join us at 6:30 p.m. Monday through game’s end for a Redskins vs. Seahawks live blog. The Insider will also host a separate discussion thread
More from The Post:

Newark Liberty International AirportPassenger Who Showed Possible Ebola Symptoms Does Not Have Disease
Oct 4, 2014, 1:40 PM ET
VIDEO: Ebola Scare at Newark Airport
ABCNews.com
Share
Copy
A passenger who was taken off a flight from Brussels to Newark, N.J., today along with his daughter after his sickness triggered fear that he might have Ebola does not have the deadly disease, officials said.
United Airlines Flight 998 was met by Centers for Disease Control and Prevention officials at Newark Liberty International Airport and the passenger, who was believed to be from Liberia, and his daughter were removed from the plane by a CDC crew in full hazmat gear. They were taken to University Hospital in Newark for testing.
"After an examination by physicians at University Hospital, the symptoms of one individual were found to be consistent with another, minor treatable condition unrelated to Ebola," University Hospital spokeswoman Donna Leusner said. "The second individual, who was traveling with the patient, was asymptomatic. The two individuals will be released with self-monitoring."
A senior federal official said the passenger was exhibiting "flu-like symptoms" on the flight.
According to an official briefed on the situation, preliminary information was that the passenger was vomiting on flight but did not display most of the other symptoms.
Texas Ebola Watch Eyes 50 People, 10 at 'High Risk'
Other passengers remained on the plane while the sick passenger and his daughter were being removed.
After they were off the plane and it was determined he was not contagious, the rest of the passengers were allowed off, a source with knowledge of the situation told ABC News.
The passengers were required to give information on how to follow up with them if the need arose.
"Everybody was very calm," said Bob MacRae, who was among the passengers kept at the airport for about two hours. "It's just it dragged out for quite a long time without any real good answers so I think we would have appreciated more information as time went on but we didn't really have any."
There were 255 passengers and a crew of three pilots and 11 flight attendants on the Boeing 777-200.
United Airlines released a brief statement after the flight arrived.
"Upon arrival at Newark Airport from Brussels, medical professionals instructed that customers and crew of United flight 998 remain on board until they could assist an ill customer," the statement said. "We are working with authorities and will accommodate our customers as quickly as we can."
Get real-time updates as this story unfolds. To start, just "star" this story in ABC News' phone app. Download ABC News for iPhone here or ABC News for Android here . To be notified about our live weekend digital reports, tap here.
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

Unusual whisky bottlesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jobs gallore in ecommerce space; 1.5 lakh jobs likely in 2-3 yearsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

http://usat.ly/1sVupAFFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
#Sickselfie is a history of sick days, deserved or not
Taking a sick day? Post a selfie — a sickie selfie, to be more specific. You won't be alone.   Under the Twitter hashtag #sickieselfie, you can find photo after photo showing individuals who are, purportedly,
Post to Facebook
#Sickselfie is a history of sick days, deserved or not Taking a sick day? Post a selfie — a sickie selfie, to be more specific. You won't be alone.   Under the Twitter hashtag #sickieselfie, you can find photo after photo showing individuals who are, purportedly, Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vCfCd6
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
#Sickselfie is a history of sick days, deserved or not
Laurie Merrill, The Arizona Republic 2:08 a.m. EDT October 3, 2014
People have been posting pictures of themselves sick or hungover (or just looking that way) on social media under #sickieselfie.
(Photo: Shutterstock)
247 CONNECT 63 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Taking a sick day? Post a selfie — a sickie selfie, to be more specific.
You won't be alone.
Under the Twitter hashtag #sickieselfie, you can find photo after photo showing individuals who are, purportedly, sick.
" 'Showing off a hangover' and 'to prove illness to friends or co-workers' emerged as the most common reasons for uploading a 'sickie selfie,' "  Web coupon site www.vouchercloud.net reported.
Sickie selfies: The new social craze?
Vouchercloud conducted a survey that asked 2,300 respondents between the ages of 18 and 45 about when and why they post selfies.
"Each participant disclosed to researchers prior to the study that they currently own a smartphone with a camera device and have active social media accounts."
Almost one-fifth, 19%, admitted they had posted sickie selfies to show they were sick. Most of those, 41%, revealed they had taken the selfies while at home, while 22% said they had taken their selfie from their hospital bed.
Instagram | @hawkwardangela
Tonight's cocktail of choice. #sickieselfie #medicationsofinstagram
When asked to reveal the motivation behind why they would be most likely to take a 'sickie selfie', the most popular answers emerged as follows:
1. To show the effects of a hangover, 33%.
2. To prove to friends/coworkers they were unwell, 26%.
3. For sympathy from friends and loved ones, 15%.
4. To gain attention from friends or followers, 9%.
Nearly half the sickie selfie posters admitted they had also uploaded images pretending to be unwell.
"It is all too easy nowadays to upload an image to our social media accounts in order to update our loved ones on what we're up to and how we are feeling," said Matthew Wood of vouchercloud.
"So with the current popularity of selfies, it makes some sense that we would want to share even the most personal and potentially unflattering moments of our lives, particularly if it's for a good cause such as raising money for a related charity."
247 CONNECT 63 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vCfCd6

Marina Silva vs Dilma Rousseff as Brazil votes for prezBrazil polls
(It seems the election may…)
RIO DE JANEIRO: In one angry moment during the last debate just 48 hours before Brazil votes to elect its next president, Marina Silva snapped at Dilma Rousseff.
As the Socialist Party candidate lost her cool, the incumbent president stared back at her with a soft smile. It was the night of long knives: a three-hour debate during which most of the candidates went after Rousseff, a pattern that the president has got used to in the past two months of campaigning.
But things turned ugly on Friday, when, during the debate, Rousseff touched a raw nerve. "You have moved from party to party four times, you have changed your position from one day to the next; now you talk of new politics but never explain what it is," Rousseff told Silva in their face-to-face encounter.
As an enraged Silva blabbered counter-allegations and the debate moderator tried to calm her down, the four other presidential candidates watched with amusement.
The Brazilian election, in which 143 million voters will cast ballots to elect a new president, 27 state governors, 513 congressmen, more than 1,000 regional assembly lawmakers and a third of the Senate on Sunday (October 5), is actually a "Dilma versus Marina" show (Brazilians like to address their politicians in their first or pet names).
True Successor
Never before in Brazil's post-dictatorship history (since 1985), so much is at stake as in this election. Never before have two female candidates, one representing the Workers Party (Dilma) and the other the Socialist Party (Marina), fought a bitter battle to run Latin America's largest democracy. Never before in a Brazilian election have two rival candidates fought it out to claim the legacy of one leader: Lula, the charismatic president who changed the face of Brazil during his rule from 2003 to 2010.
As Lula's successor as president and candidate of his Workers Party, Rousseff has an automatic claim to his legacy. But Silva, who resigned as environment minister from Lula's administration and joined the Green Party in 2009, is giving subtle messages to voters. With her life story similar to that of Lula, who too was born in poverty but rose to become president with years of union activism, it's not a secret on whom she has modelled herself, though she never mentions Lula in her speeches.
"Marina is trying to project herself as a female version of Lula. She is trying to impress the poor with her story of poverty. She has partly succeeded in capturing people's imagination," says Lucas Gomes, a Workers Party activist who works with the poor communities in Rio. "But now people are realizing that she is no Lula."
Silva, who grew up in an Amazonian rubber plantation, was a minor figure in this election till August 13 when a Cessna 560XL executive jet, carrying Socialist Party's presidential candidate Eduardo Campos, crashed near Santos in Sao Paulo state. The death of Campos suddenly put his vice-presidential nominee — Marina Silva — in the hot seat.
  Grabbing the opportunity, Silva adopted the "change" mantra of Barack Obama, even as she spoke like Lula to reach out to poor voters. "The tragedy gave her lots of media attention. She spent hours and hours on television and was catapulted into a very strong position," says Valeriano Costa, director of the Center for Public Opinion Studies at Unicamp.
As Silva entered the race last and unscathed, her popularity graph began to rise. By mid-September, opinion polls were showing that Silva would beat Rousseff in the second round run-off by 46% to 41% votes and experts were talking of the arrival of a "Lula in skirt".
Knowing that she has a good chance of winning, even as Silva attacked Rousseff for "ruining" the economy and running a "corrupt government", she has refrained from saying anything against Lula, who is actively campaigning for the Workers Party. "Lula changed the nature of Brazilian politics. Even today he is hugely popular. So, everyone is trying to show how similar they are to Lula" says Gomes. "All Brazilian parties are Lulistas now."
It was during his eight years in office that Lula began the process of Brazil's transformation. In the past 12 years, social welfare programmes like Bolsa Familia have reduced Brazil's poverty rate by 55% and extreme poverty by 65%, unemployment is down to a record low of 4.9% and the percentage of workers stuck in the informal sector of the economy has shrunk from 22% to 13%, Lula also led Brazil's economic boom.
FEATURED ARTICLES

External debt jumps $12.6 billion to $346.6 billion in Q1Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Get real time update for EPFO account from Oct 16Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

HK protesters prepare for police action‘Occupy’ protesters brace for police action in Hong Kong
By Demetri Sevastopulo and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26dbe6c4-4c4d-11e4-90c1-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amidst Jules Bianchi crash  Lewis Hamilton wins Japanese GrandPrixLewis Hamilton again edged out Nico Rosberg in an eventful race at Suzuka. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Suzuka | Posted: October 5, 2014 3:36 pm
Britain’s Lewis Hamilton won a wet Japanese Formula One Grand Prix on Sunday to complete a hat-trick of victories and extend his championship lead over Mercedes team mate Nico Rosberg to 10 points with four races remaining.
Rosberg finished second in a race that needed two starts behind the safety car and ended before the full distance due to a crash that saw Marussia’s French driver Jules Bianchi rushed to hospital.
“The driver is not conscious and has been sent to the hospital by the ambulance because the helicopter cannot fly in these conditions. Further updates will follow but for the moment we cannot say anything. I will keep you updated as fast as I can,” FIA head of communications Matteo Bonciani told reporters.
No champagne was sprayed on the podium and there were no celebrations.
Germany’s quadruple world champion Sebastian Vettel, who announced on Saturday he was leaving Red Bull at the end of the season, finished third.
The win was Hamilton’s eighth of the season and first at Suzuka, with his only other win in Japan coming at the Fuji circuit with McLaren in 2007.
The race was red-flagged with 46 of the scheduled 53 laps completed after an accident involving Sauber’s Adrian Sutil and  Bianchi brought the safety car out for the third time.
There was immediate concern in the aftermath of the accident over Bianchi’s well-being with the medical car and an ambulance being dispatched to the scene of the crash.
The driver is not conscious and has been sent to the hospital

Islamic State group publicly kills 6 inIraqIraqi security forces patrol after clashes with militants from the Islamic State group near the town of Jbala, about 35 miles (56 kilometers) south of Baghdad, Iraq, Saturday, Oct. 4, 2014. (Source: AP Photo)
Associated Press | Baghdad | Posted: October 5, 2014 3:35 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 3:55 pm
Witnesses say Islamic State group militants have publicly killed six Iraqi soldiers in Anbar province, where it continues to make gains despite an expanding U.S.-led campaign of airstrikes.
READ: Pakistan Taliban switches side; vows to send jihadists to help Islamic State
Witnesses say the soldiers — one in uniform and five in civilian clothes — were lined up against a wall Sunday in the town of Hit and shot in the head. They say the Islamic State group also bombed a police station in Hit, located some 140 kilometers (85 miles) west of the capital, Baghdad.
READ: ISIS, ISIL or Islamic State (IS): Where the name makes a statement 
The witnesses spoke on condition of anonymity out of fear of reprisal.
Iraqi security forces inspect the lifeless bodies of a militant from the Islamic State group after clashes, near the town of Jbala, about 35 miles (56 kilometers) south of Baghdad, Iraq, Saturday, Oct. 4, 2014. (Source: AP Photo)
The Islamic State group stormed Hit on Thursday, its latest victory against the embattled Iraqi military in Anbar. The U.S. has launched airstrikes on Islamic State group positions in Anbar.

S. Korea rumor crackdown jolts social mediausersPrint
In this Oct. 1, 2014 photo released by Daum Kakao, Saehoon Choi, left, and Sirgoo Lee, the two co-CEOs of Daum Kakao, an Internet portal and app developer, show their company's new logo during a press conference in Seoul, South Korea. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Seoul | Posted: October 5, 2014 3:27 pm
South Korea’s president is cracking down on rumors in cyberspace in a campaign that threatens the popularity of Kakao Talk, the leading social media service in a country with ambitions to become a global technology leader.
Prosecutors announced the crackdown two weeks ago after President Park Geun-hye complained about insults directed at her and said false rumors “divided the society.”
That rattled users of Kakao Talk, a smartphone-based app used by 35 million of South Korea’s 50 million people. It prompted a surge of interest in a previously little-known German competitor, Telegram.
In this Oct. 1, 2014 photo released by Daum Kakao, Sirgoo Lee, a co-CEO of Daum Kakao, an Internet portal and app developer, speaks during a press conference in Seoul, South Korea. (Source: AP)
Rankey.com, a research firm, said an estimated 610,000 South Korean smartphone users visited Telegram on Wednesday, a 40-fold increase over Sept. 14, before the crackdown was announced. The company said its estimate was based on a randomly selected group of 60,000 people it follows regularly.
On Friday, Telegram was the most downloaded free app in Apple’s App Store in South Korea. On Google Inc.’s store, Telegram was the No. 2 downloaded free communications app, behind only Kakao Talk.
South Korean users left reviews on Telegram saying they left Kakao Talk to seek “asylum.” They asked Telegram to add a Korean language service.
The uproar threatens to slow adoption of social media or send South Korean users to foreign services, undercutting government ambitions to build a high-tech “creative economy.”
“It will definitely limit the number of new signups, as users opt for services which are not subject to monitoring,” said Jon Bradford, a managing director at startup accelerator TechStars in London. “Any policies that the Korean authorities only impose upon local businesses will damage their competitiveness both at home and abroad.”
South Korea is one of the most wired societies, with 85 percent of its people online and 40 million smartphones. The government has promised to step up financial support for tech startups.
Kakao Talk’s dilemma echoes criticism of U.S. technology companies following disclosures of widespread government surveillance. Internet and other companies have struggled to reassure users while saying they are legally obligated to continued…

Dancing from the heartUpdated: October 5, 2014 18:38 IST
Dancing from the heart
Special Arrangement A local nurse, Nora Johns, was declared the winner in the audition
Special Arrangement A local nurse, Nora Johns, was declared the winner in the audition
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
Ahead of “Happy New Year”, Shah Rukh Khan has launched a new show that appreciates not the technicalities but the spirit of dance
Shah Rukh Khan is not known for his dancing ability in Hindi cinema. However, that does not deter him from trying to find out the best of upcoming talent in the world of dance and music. His next film Happy New Year is all set to be released but Shah Rukh has meanwhile tied up with Zee’s production arm Essel Vision Pvt. Ltd., to launch a new dance show called Dil Se Naachein Indiawaale, which will be aired on Zee TV this month. It will have a star-studded panel called ‘Agents of Happiness’ comprising none other than Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Farah Khan, Sonu Sood, Boman Irani and Vivan Shah.
The show promises to be different from other talent hunts. Here, the judges will not look at the technicalities of the movement but will appreciate the spirit behind the dance. They will lay stress only on originality and the dancer’s ability to evoke laughter through his/her movements.
This was revealed at a press conference to mark the Delhi audition of the show. A local nurse, Nora Johns, was declared the winner in the audition. In keeping with the spirit of the show, Nora is not a trained dancer and dances out of sheer passion. She was a winner following an online audition and will have the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to perform in front of Shah Rukh Khan. Speaking to the media the 40-year-old Nora said, “I do not know about the dance forms. Since childhood, I have been passionate about dance and music. Though I am not a trained dancer, I love to shake a leg whenever possible. I do not know where my hands and legs are going. I could not even control myself on the day of my marriage and started dancing like other guests. I just need a reason to celebrate dance. I get energy from dancing.”
Namit Sharma, programming head, Zee TV says, “With Dance India Dance, we celebrated dance as an art form. With Dil Se Naachein Indiawaale we celebrate it as a heart form. We are extremely pleased to partner with Shah Rukh in bringing this proposition alive. We are not looking for trained dancers who are perfect with their technique, we are looking for that contestant who can bring a smile on to people's faces with their happy dancing.”
In the show Nora will be joined by other contestants from across the country following the auditions.

Congress must give report of 60-year rule: PM ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Leading telcos hike mobile internet rates by up to 100%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shipping Corporation  GAIL in talks for USD 3 billion LNG ships dealThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

The people who take care of Bollywood starsBollywood Stars and their Care Takers!
by ZOOM 3:58 mins
Bollywood Stars and their Care Takers!
Link

Neyveli s Rs 4 910-Crore Tuticorin Power Project Nears CompletionDr Reddy's Launches Docetaxel Injection in US
New Delhi: State-run miner Neyveli Lignite's 1,000 MW thermal power plant at Tuticorin is in advanced stages of completion, a development that will help it achieve over 4,200 MW generation capacity.
"Implementation of a coal-based thermal power project of 1,000 MW capacity at Tuticorin through the subsidiary company NMDC Tamil Nadu Power Ltd, formed in joint venture with TANGEDCO, is in an advanced stage of completion," Neyveli Lignite Corporation (NLC) chairman B Surender Mohan said.
The plant, which entailed an investment of Rs 4,910 crore, could achieve 86 per cent progress by August.
The ignite miner plans to take its installed power generation capacity to 4,240 MW by the end of the current fiscal year, on the back of ongoing power projects.
It has an installed capacity of about 3,000 MW at present.
The Centre had earlier approved implementation of coal based 2x500 MW thermal power project at Tuticorin. To meet the coal requirement, the company is also examining proposals from from Indonesia, Australia, Mozambique, the US and a few other countries offering coal assets and long-term fuel supplies among other things for its upcoming power projects.
NLC has plans for growth in power generation capacity. It is expanding activities in Neyveli and other parts. Its fuel needs are likely to shoot up to 10 MTPA once all these projects are commissioned.
It is already in the process of setting up two power projects in Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh at an estimated cost of Rs 24,770 crore, to take its capacity to 11,195 MW.
In Tamil Nadu, it has plans to set up a 4,000 MW coal-based power plant near Thirumullaivasal village of Sirkali taluk, Nagapattinam district. In Uttar Pradesh, it will set up a 1,980 MW (3X660 MW) plant in Ghatampur in Kanpur Nagar district at an estimated cost of Rs 14,375.4 crore.
Besides, in Rajasthan, the company "has proposed setting up a thermal power plant of 250 MW capacity... at an aggregate estimated cost of Rs 2,298.83 crore".
Also, it has planned to set up another new power plant in Rajasthan with a capacity of 250 MW as an extension of the existing power plant there at an investment of Rs 2041.78 crore.
The 'Navratna' firm operates four mines with a total capacity 30.6 MTPA, and four thermal power stations of total capacity of about 3,000 MW.
Story first published on: October 03, 2014 21:45 (IST)

Joni Ernst tries to cover her tracks on PersonhoodBy Greg Sargent October 3 Follow @theplumlinegs
At last weekend’s debate, Iowa GOP Senate candidate Joni Ernst tried to explain her previous support for a “Personhood” amendment by claiming it was merely a “statement” of “support” for “life.” She voiced that notion twice, as her primary rebuttal to the charge — made in a barrage of ads and attacks from Bruce Braley and Democrats — that her support for Personhood shows she supports outlawing abortion and various forms of contraception.
“That amendment is simply a statement that I support life,” Ernst said at the debate, adding that it “was a statement on life.” She also said the amendment would never have any impact until subsequent anti-abortion legislation were passed, meaning it was merely designed to ensure that such legislation passed later would not be overturned by the courts.
Ernst’s overall meaning was clear: Her support for the amendment in no way signaled any real-world policy intent on her part.
But this appears at odds with the description of the amendment offered by one of its chief sponsors — and at odds with a previous published statement from Ernst herself.
Iowa State Senator Dennis Guth was one of the lawmakers who spearheaded the Iowa Personhood amendment , which would amend the state Constitution to include the following language: “The inalienable right to life of every person at any stage of development shall be recognized and protected.” This is in keeping with the general goal of Personhood measures, to ensure that full human rights begin at the moment of fertilization.
In an interview with me, Guth suggested the purpose of the amendment was indeed to have a real world impact. Its purpose, he said, was “to make sure that we include the pre-born, those who have been conceived but are not yet born, in the category of all human beings that would receive all human rights.”
“My intent is to preserve the full rights of all persons for everyone in this country from the moment of conception to the time of natural death,” Guth said.
That is more than a mere “statement” in support of life. And in an interview published back in May on a conservative-leaning Iowa website called Caffeinated Thoughts , Ernst suggested the same:
QUESTION: At what point do you believe a human life is guaranteed the legal protections of being an American citizen and what would you do to ensure those protections are provided?
ERNST: “Life begins at conception and in the [Iowa] Senate I joined either 20 or 21 of us who pushed an amendment to Article 1 of the state constitution. That joint resolution would’ve defined and defended life from conception and I’m trying to remember how we phrased it, but basically that there was an inalienable right to life of every person at any stage of development. We should protect that.”
That, again, suggests that the amendment was intended as more than a “statement” in support of life.
Asked to verify the authenticity of the interview and to comment further, an Ernst spokesperson didn’t return an email. But Congressman Steve King has vouched for Caffeinated Thoughts, and the interview was conducted by a reporter, Jacob Hall, who works for the Sioux Center News.
Shane VanderHart, the editor of Caffeinated Thoughts, tells me he thinks Ernst’s answer at the debate is contradicted by her comments to his website.
“At the debate she did not describe the bill accurately,” VanderHart said. “She waffled and backtracked and didn’t give a straight answer. As a pro-life conservative, this is frustrating.”
Ernst is not the only GOP Senate candidate who has tried to soften his or her previous stance on “Personhood.” Cory Gardner, who is running in Colorado, abandoned his previous support for a state Personhood amendment, and has since voiced support for over the counter contraception. But he continues to back a federal Personhood amendment that FactCheck.org concluded could lead to restrictions on some forms of contraception. In North Carolina, Thom Tillis’ campaign said back in May that he would support a Personhood measure if it came to the Senate floor, but he has since come out for over-the-counter contraception, too.
This isn’t necessarily a contradiction — some forms of contraception appear compatible with Personhood. But it invites the follow-up question: Do you support outlawing forms of contraception — such as the pill and intrauterine devices — that may not be compatible with Personhood ?
In Iowa — as in Colorado — the debate has centered on whether such an amendment would have any real world impact. Ernst now suggests the measure she supported is nothing more than a “statement.” As it happens, because these amendments have not passed, it remains unclear what sort of impact they would have . But this should not obscure the fact that Personhood measures are clearly intended to have a real-world impact: To grant full human rights from the moment of fertilization, with all of the concrete policy implications that carries.
 
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

NYT  WaPo disagree over threats to President ObamaBy Erik Wemple October 3 Follow @ErikWemple
Members of the Secret Service follow as President Obama arrives at Northwestern University on Oct. 2. (Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images)
Post reporter Carol D. Leonnig has presented a number of scoops on the failures of the Secret Service to adequately protect President Obama. Among them was a full accounting of a 2011 incident in which shots were fired at the White House , a piece that featured this nugget: “President Obama has faced three times as many threats as his predecessors, according to people briefed on the Secret Service’s threat assessment.”
In a story today on the racial dynamics of protecting a black president, Peter Baker of the New York Times reports that the Secret Service is challenging that estimate.
The Secret Service did detect a spate of threats around the time Mr. Obama won the presidency and took office. But without providing numbers, the agency flatly denied reports that he had received three or four times as many as other presidents and added that they eventually subsided. “After his first election, there was a spike in his numbers,” [Secret Service spokesman Ed] Donovan said. “They’ve leveled out and they’ve been consistent and similar to his predecessors.”
John Tomlinson, a former Secret Service deputy assistant secretary, used almost that same phrasing on Monday in a CNN interview with host Brooke Baldwin . When Baldwin asked about the three-times threat report, Tomlinson replied , “I appreciate the opportunity to correct that because as I’ve been told by the Secret Service recently, the information that there was a spike, three times the normal threats against presidents, that information is simply not accurate. … After the election of President Obama, there in fact was a spike in protective threats. But that has now leveled out to the point where it compares with other presidents before President Obama.”
The discrepancy here lacks not for consequences. Heightened threat levels against Obama would go a long way toward confirming fears that governing while black carries acute perils even in this day and age. As Baker noted in his piece, “potential racial animosity persists in risk calculations by the Secret Service as it seeks to protect Mr. Obama.”
When asked about the competing versions, the Secret Service’s Donovan replied: “The difference was that [Baker] called in here to ask me about it,” whereas Leonnig relied on “anonymous sources.”
And those anonymous sources have the full faith of Leonnig. In a brief chat this afternoon, she told the Erik Wemple Blog that from the day of Obama’s presidential candidacy through the first year of his time in the White House, there was a tripling of threats against him, according to her sources. A “large portion” of the threats, says the reporter, were “racially tinged.” Though Leonnig acknowledges that the volume has receded since that time, her sources indicate that it hasn’t settled down to levels consistent with Obama’s predecessors. “It’s not like there’s been a return to dead normal,” she says.
As the president’s time in office has worn on, says Leonnig, motivations behind anti-Obama fantasies have changed. “Scary racial” threats have decreased and complaints about big government and Obamacare have become more commonplace. And the ever-expanding world of social media drives escalating threat volumes — and will continue to do so, she says.
A good way to settle this dispute would be for the Secret Service to simply release the numbers. If the agency is comfortable speaking in vague, comparative terms about threat volumes, why not simply come forth with the supporting figures? When we put that reasoning before Donovan, he replied, “We have not put out all those numbers, and we don’t think it benefits us to put out all threat numbers throughout history.”
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Defused grenade  on AI plane turns out to be plastic wrapperNew Delhi, October 4, 2014
Updated: October 5, 2014 01:53 IST
'Defused grenade' on AI plane turns out to be plastic wrapper
Sandeep Dikshit
Consternation about a defused grenade being found in the business class of an Air India Jumbo was compounded by reports, later denied, that this aircraft had been kept as a standby for PM Modi’s recent US visit. File photo
TOPICS
air transport
After initially creating a security scare on Friday by saying that a defused grenade was found aboard a Jumbo Jet that flew to Jeddah from Mumbai, via Hyderabad, Air India officials clarified that the suspect object was only a “plastic wrapper.”
What compounded the scare was the report that the Boeing 747-400 was kept as standby for Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent U.S. visit. This too was denied later.
Officials said one reason for the confusion was that Indian security agencies were not involved and the search took place at the Jeddah airport.
Saudi Arabian security personnel boarded flight AI-965 on Friday night as the crew alerted them to the object in one of the seat pockets.
The plane was cleared for further operations after the security forces retrieved the plastic wrapper, said an airline statement. Air India officials said that during the time Mr. Modi was in the U.S., the aircraft had been operating on the Delhi-Frankfurt route. When this statement was put out, they had still not denied that the object was a defused grenade, and said it was part of a security drill carried out by the National Security Guards in the last week of September at select airports in India to check the alertness of the crew and others.
But this version changed after a few hours with Air India trying to put an end to speculation by maintaining that the object was a plastic wrapper.

Kuldeep Yadav surprise pick in Indias ODI squadUpdated: October 4, 2014 16:48 IST
Kuldeep Yadav surprise pick in India’s ODI squad
PTI
Tweet
Special Arrangement Kuldeep Yadav.
The Hindu Murali Vijay is lucky to have a place in the Indian ODI squad against West Indies due to the injury of Rohit Sharma.
TOPICS
One-day cricket
Kuldeep Yadav is the new face in the Indian team while Vijay and Mishra make a combeback for the first three ODIs against West Indies
Rookie left-arm spinner Kuldeep Yadav was the surprise inclusion, while leg—spinner Amit Mishra was on Saturday recalled in India’s 14-member squad for the first three ODIs against the West Indies, starting October 8 at Kochi.
Regular off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin was rested while Murali Vijay also made a comeback in place of an injured Rohit Sharma in the squad announced by the BCCI secretary Sanjay Patel after a meeting of the selection committee in Bangalore.
The squad, to be led by Mahendra Singh Dhoni, had no place for seniors like Yuvraj Singh, Harbhajan Singh, Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag, who have remained in the sidelines for quite a while.
The 19-year-old Yadav, who hails from Uttar Pradesh, was the surprise inclusion and the lone new face in the squad, getting the nod ahead of experienced left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha.
Yadav was rewarded for his performance in the ongoing Champions League Twenty20 where he bagged seven wickets so far playing for Kolkata Knight Riders.
He will become the first cricketer in the last 10 years to make it to the national team without playing a single first-class or list A match.
Apart from the selection of Yadav, there was no other major surprise in the squad which had no place for Karn Sharma, Stuart Binny, Sanju Samson and Dhawal Kulkarni, all of whom figured in the 17-member ODI team that had toured England recently.
The pace department has seen no changes with Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Mohit Sharma and Umesh Yadav retaining their places.
With Ashwin rested, the spin department will be spearheaded by experienced leg-spinner Mishra in the company of Ravindra Jadeja and Yadav.
Vijay was lucky to get a place in the team after Rohit was ruled out of the series due to finger and shoulder injuries.
Shikhar Dhawan and Ajinkya Rahane are likely to open the innings with Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Ambati Rayudu and Dhoni batting in the middle-order.
The first ODI of the five-match series against the West Indies will be held in Kochi on October 8, followed by games in New Delhi on October 11 and Vishakhapatna on October 14.
The last two matches of the series will be played in Dharamshala (October 17) and Kolkata (October 20).
Team for the first three ODIs:
Mahendra Singh Dhoni (capt), Shikhar Dhawan, Ajinkya Rahane, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Ambati Rayudu, Ravindra Jadeja, Amit Mishra, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Mohit Sharma, Umesh Yadav, Murali Vijay, Kuldeep Yadav.

Enthusiasm created by  Swachh Bharat  should be kept going: Narendra ModiPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 4, 2014 6:59 pm
Two days after launching the ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said the momentum of “enthusiasm” generated by the driveshould be kept going for the success of the mission.
He also expressed happiness over former Prime Minister H D Deve Gowda joining the ambitious campaign. “I am very happy to see the enthusiasm for Swachh Bharat Mission. We must keep this momentum going for the success of the Mission,” Modi said a tweet.
“Am glad that former PM Shri HD Deve Gowda ji joined Swachh Bharat Mission. A very strong gesture,” he added in another tweet. Soon after Modi’s call for ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign on Thursday, Deve Gowda took a broom and swept the Hassan railway station in in Karnataka.
Modi himself wielded the broom on October 2, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, as he launched the ‘Clean India’ campaign, joined by chief ministers, lawmakers, prominent personalities from various fields along with lakhs of countrymen in a drive that is expected to cost nearly Rs 2 lakh crore.
Asserting that “Swachh Bharat” mission is “beyond politics” and inspired by “patriotism”, he had invoked Mahatma Gandhi’s vision of a “clean and developed” India as he formally kicked off the five-year-long campaign, which will cover 4,041 statutory towns, on the 145th birth anniversary of the Father of the Nation.

Chit fund scam: Union Minister Oram urges CBI to seek information from Odisha minister and MPPress Trust of India | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 4, 2014 9:00 pm
With Odisha’s minister Damodar Rout and Rajya Sabha MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra accusing each other’s involvement in the multi-crore chit fund scam, Union Minister Jual Oram on Saturday urged CBI to seek information from both the senior leaders for a better investigation into the matter.
“Both Rout and Mohapatra have been making allegations and counter allegations against each other over the chit fund scam. CBI should seek information from both the senior leaders,” Union Minister for Tribal Affairs, Jual Oram said.
Oram said this referring to Rout’s allegation that Seashore Group CMD Prashant Dash was close to Mohapatra for which he (Dash) got certain benefits from the government. As Dash was close to Mohapatra, the Ponzi Group CMD could utilise Mohapatra’s influence on the government.
Mohapatra was expelled from BJD in June, 2012.
Dash’s ponzi group could get management of 11 government hospitals and some cold storages besides running certain tourist places. Seashore Group also got 100 acre of land at Umarkote to set up a maize processing plant in Nabarangpur district. “All these could be possible due to Mohapatra’s help,” Rout alleged.
However, Mohapatra denied having any link with Seashore Group CMD. He, however, admitted that Dash had visited him twice, once to give proposal to set up the maize processing unit and another time before launching of his television channel.
Mohapatra also alleged that Rout made allegations against him in order to escape from the CBI net.
“I had been demanding a CBI probe into the chit fund scam. I will cooperate the agency, if it seeks my cooperation,” Mohapatra said while replying to a question on Oram’s suggestion to CBI.

Pakistan continues unprovoked shelling in Poonch districtPrint
Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: October 5, 2014 10:00 am
Pakistani troops continued resorting to unprovoked mortar shelling in Mankote area along the Line of Control in Poonch district on Sunday morning.
The shelling, according to sources, started from across the LoC at 5 am. The Indian army troops also retaliated and the exchange of small arms fire between the two sides was continuing.
Significantly, the Sunday firing by Pakistani troops has come less than 24 hours after an army jawan was killed and another injured in an IED explosion triggered by militants near the Lince of Control at Balnoi on Saturday.
Since Wednesday, a day after both US and India jointly committed to fight terrorism, activity on Pakistan side of LoC and the international border has stepped up. While the Pakistani troops and Rangers have been resorting to unprovoked firing on Indian side at frequent intervals, the militants have also started making desperate attempts to sneak into the state from the side of Pakistan occupied Kashmir.

Dalai Lama marks Nobel anniversary as Western support wanesDalai Lama marks Nobel anniversary as Western support wanes
AFP
print
As the Dalai Lama marked his 25th year as a Nobel laureate this week, a row over South Africa's failure to grant him a visa underscored the huge challenge facing the movement he launched more than half a century ago.
The Tibetan spiritual leader was awarded the Nobel peace prize in 1989, amid international condemnation of Beijing following a deadly crackdown on peaceful protesters in Tiananmen Square earlier that year.
Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama shares a light moment with noble laureate of USA, Judy William during the 25th anniversary celebration of Noble Prize to Dalai lama in Dharamshala. (PTI photo)
The award catapulted the charismatic Buddhist monk into the global spotlight, and in the decade that followed he was courted by US presidents and Hollywood stars alike as he criss-crossed the world campaigning for greater autonomy in his homeland.
But, a quarter of a century later, some Western leaders are turning their backs on the Tibetan spiritual leader -- albeit often reluctantly -- under pressure from rising power China.
On Thursday, a summit of Nobel peace laureates due to be held in Cape Town later this month was cancelled after several pulled out in protest at the South African government's failure to give the Dalai Lama a visa.
The decision provoked an outburst of fury from fellow laureates including Archbishop Desmond Tutu, who said he was "ashamed to call this lickspittle bunch my government".
The Dalai Lama himself accused South Africa of "bullying a simple person", using uncharacteristically undiplomatic language.
But South Africa is by no means alone in its reluctance to antagonise China, its largest trading partner.
Even Norway, one of the world's wealthiest countries and the home of the Nobel peace prize, snubbed the Dalai Lama when he visited earlier this year in what it called a "necessary sacrifice" to normalise its relations with China.
"Given the economic growth of China... you can clearly see some countries, even European countries, have some hesitation in dealing with sensitive issues like Tibet," said Lobsang Sangay, who took over as head of the exiled Tibetan government in the Indian hill town of Dharamsala after the Dalai Lama retired from politics in 2011.
"Nonetheless, at the people's level, I think the interest for Tibet still remains."
Sangay called for more international help in June, when he renewed a push for the Dalai Lama's "Middle Way" path of peacefully advocating greater autonomy for Tibet.
   
Praise for Xi
Since then, the Dalai Lama has said he is "optimistic" about the current administration in Beijing, in what some see as a possible sign of a thaw in relations.
In an interview with AFP this week, he praised China's President Xi Jinping for cracking down on official corruption and seeking to introduce "proper rule of law".
The Dalai Lama speaks to a crowd during an event marking 25 years since the leader was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, in Dharmsala.(AP photo)
 
"These things show he (Xi) is approaching these problems more realistically" than his predecessors, the Dalai Lama said.
He also welcomed Xi's recent comments about the importance of Buddhism in Chinese society, and said he was in informal talks about making a historic pilgrimage to a sacred mountain in China.
Barry Sautman, a Tibet expert at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, said the Dalai Lama's praise for Xi was likely tactical.
"He said some nice things about Hu Jintao and he said some nice things about Jiang Zemin," said Sautman, referring to Xi's predecessors.
"If you want to have a political dialogue with somebody, it is better to use the honey."
Formal negotiations with China broke down in 2010 after making no headway, and many exiled Tibetans remain deeply sceptical about renewing them.
In Dharamsala though, expressing even mild disagreement with the Dalai Lama is controversial.
"For the Tibetan people, His Holiness the Dalai Lama is the Buddha... and nobody would place their personal opinion in front of the Buddha's wisdom," said Dharamsala-based activist Tenzin Tsundue, who believes in pushing for independence rather than autonomy.
"Deep down in the heart of every Tibetan there is still a desire for independence. It is the independence of Tibet that can guarantee the survival of the Tibetan people and the Tibetan culture," he told AFP.
The Dalai Lama, who appeared in good health as he celebrated his 25th anniversary with fellow laureates in Dharamsala this week, remains the universally recognised face of the movement.
But his retirement from politics was a reminder to exiled Tibetans that he will not be around forever.
For Sangay and other moderates, the over-arching goal is to secure political and cultural freedoms and autonomy in Tibetan areas of China.
He believes the new generation of Tibetans inside Tibet will be the "most important factor" in deciding its future.
Young Tibetans "have not seen the Dalai Lama, nor they have met with the exile administration," he said. "But their sense of belonging to Tibetan identity... is very strong."

EPFOs subscribers to get ac update in real time from Oct 16Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Banks told to tighten norms for high value FDsBanks told to tighten norms for high value FDs
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 5:  
The Finance Ministry has asked public sector banks to tighten norms, including KYC monitoring for high-value fixed deposits, to check the kind of frauds suspected to have been committed at Dena Bank and OBC.
The ministry would like banks to make a foolproof arrangement for high value fixed deposits, including due diligence of know your customer (KYC) details, sources said.
Banks have been advised to categorise fixed deposits, which may fall under high value criteria, sources said.
At the moment, different banks have varied definitions of high value fixed deposits.
As per the preliminary forensic audit report, a fraud to the tune of Rs 436 crore in two public sector banks—Dena Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce—have been committed through multi-layer system. It is suspected that there was some money laundering.
The lenders are also alleged to have indulged in siphoning off the money (Rs 180 crore by OBC and Rs 256 crore by Dena Bank) received as fixed deposits.
Besides, the Finance Ministry has asked the Reserve Bank to tighten lending norms to prevent borrowers from opening multiple current accounts outside their consortium banks in the light of Kingfisher case.
There are a few instances where defaulting borrowers indulged in diversion of funds by opening multiple current accounts outside the members of the consortium, sources said.
Therefore, sources said, the Finance Ministry has urged RBI to tighten the norms and monitoring system so that such activities could be prevented.
According to sources, Kingfisher Airlines allegedly diverted funds by opening a current account in HDFC Bank and had a balance of Rs 7.5 crore as on date.
This fact was not known to the consortium of lender headed by State Bank of India. These banks have an outstanding debt of Rs 6,521 crore from the now-grounded carrier.
Such diversion can be monitored by Reserve Bank as it is sector regulator and there is need to strengthen the monitoring mechanism, sources said.
There has been a spate of defaults in the banking system. Majority of them are due to slow economic growth but there is small proportion of cases where defaults are intentional.
Recently, the Finance Ministry had ordered limited forensic audit into some non-performing accounts of Kolkata-based UCO Bank to find out whether there were any irregularities in sanction of loans.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

SBI to have dedicated SME branches to increase coverageSBI to have dedicated SME branches to increase coverage
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 05, 2014 12:14 PM IST
The nation's largest lender State Bank of India, which is flush with liquidity as large corporates are holding back investments, is focusing on increasing its SME loan book by opening dedicated branches across the country.
"Earlier, we had sourcing teams and branches for SMEs, and sanction was done after being appraised by the SME city credit cell, that is a factory concept. But we have found that there is a lack of ownership in such a business model, so, we are now getting dedicated SME branches that will only do SME advances," SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya told PTI in an interview recently.
Banks have been witnessing rising number of defaults from large corporates, especially from the infra space, as the economy has been moribund for almost three years now, while the system as whole has not been reporting rising defaults from SMEs.
The bank has already done pilot projects in Mumbai and Delhi and will soon roll out in other parts.
The bank's SME advances declined marginally to Rs 1,73,010 crore in the June quarter from Rs 1,75,407 crore a year ago, while gross advances rose 12.52% to Rs 12,32,288 crore in the quarter from Rs 10,95,145 crore a year ago.
Bhattacharya said under the new model, the people who source the loans will not only appraise them, but will also be responsible for post sanction monitoring.
"So, they will be responsible end-to-end," she added.
The quality control of the loan given to the SMEs will be done by the SME credit cell. Besides, the bank has also formed an off-site inspection team, which will do an online audit of the sanctions on an almost realtime basis so as to ensure that the loan is not manipulated, she added.
"The sanction terms and the proposals will be uploaded and off-site inspection team will audit it and will come back if they see any lacunae in that," the chairman said.
Under the new model, the bank will not open new SME-focused branches but will convert few of its branches into pure SME branches.
"Certain branches will be converted so that they become pure SME branches and other jobs that were being done there, those will get migrated to closeby branches," she said.
Net profit inched up 3.33 percent to Rs 3,349 crore in the June quarter from Rs 3,241 crore a year ago, while gross NPAs declined 66 basis points to 4.90%.

True or False: How Well Do You Know Nobel PrizesKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

E-commerce space likely to add 1.5 lakh jobs...Amazon
(The current estimated size…)
NEW DELHI: Its raining jobs in the e-commerce space as this segment could grow at 20-25 per cent over the next 2-3 years in terms of jobs, salaries and growth, which in turn could create at least 1,50,000 jobs.
The current estimated size of the industry is about Rs 18,000 crore and is expected to reach Rs 50,000 crore by 2016 and as the industry grows, the demand for talent would grow proportionally.
"We are extremely bullish on the ecommerce sector in India. There are nearly 200 start-ups flush with PE/VC funds within this area and several hundred that are treading the same lines. We believe over the next 2-3 yrs, this sector will create at least 1,50,000 jobs," Antal International Network India Managing Director Joseph Devasia said.
Commenting on this trend, Mani Sankar Das Gupta, Chief, Placement Unit, BITS Pilani said "the industry is very bullish, the main players- Amazon , eBay, Flipkart, Myntra etc. are regular recruiters from BITS and are now generating huge revenues, and have increased the number of hiring this year."
Since the sector is fairly new, there is a severe dearth of talent at all levels and in order to attract and retain key talent some of the leading ecommerce players today are even shelling out "crore+" salaries.
On this, BITS Pilani's Gupta said "In India, most ecommerce players increased the salaries by 10-40 per cent between 2013 to 2014 and are now paying salaries ranging from Rs 10-23 lacs and are hiring large entry level employees.
At mid & senior level also salaries are swelling by 10-15 per cent every year, besides the priceless stock options that are offered, that makes employees millionaires," Gupta added.
Jayesh Pandey, Managing Director, Talent & Organisation at Accenture India believes, "salaries in this sector are likely to see a higher degree of ESOPs and performance based rewards as compared to other industries".
Rajiv Srivatsa COO & Co-founder Urban Ladder said: " We are at par with most other e-commerce companies in terms of salary. Along with the salary component, employee stock options attract a lot of talent since the industry is on a massive growth path".
Indian Staffing Federation executive director Suchita Dutta said "E-commerce hiring is extremely bullish with the sector alone ready to hire over 15,000 in the next 5 months. The upscale is largely driven by robust positive sentiment both amongst consumers as well as the industry."
The indicative salary outlook for junior employees is Rs 1.45 lakh-Rs 3 lakh per annum, while for mid-management it is between Rs 12 lakh-Rs 30 lakh per annum, Dutta added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena s Gandhigiri: Cleans ground where Narendra Modi addressed rallyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

E-Commerce Space Likely to Add 1.5 Lakh Jobs in 2-3 Years: ExpertsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Kurds battle Islamist militants closing in on Syrian townKurdish peshmerga forces stand by their armed vehicles in Mahmoudiyah, Iraq, a day after they take control of the village from the Islamic State group, as they patrol on Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Mursitpinar | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:06 pm
Kurdish forces battled overnight with Islamists trying to seize a hill overlooking a Syrian border town with Turkey as U.S.-led coalition warplanes carried out raids on the militants, a Kurdish official and a monitoring group said on Sunday.
A translator with the Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD) inside Kobani said Islamic State forces were hitting it with tank and mortar fire as they tried to seize Mistanour hill, a landmark whose capture would give them easy access to the town. Kurdish forces had managed to stop Islamic State capturing the hill, Parwer Mohammed Ali told Reuters.
Kurdish peshmerga forces stand by their armed vehicles in Mahmoudiyah, Iraq, a day after they take control of the village from the Islamic State group, as they patrol on Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014. (Source: AP)
“Overnight there were new airstrikes. They struck three or four times in the vicinity Mistanour hill,” he added. Islamic State, a radical offshoot of al Qaeda, launched a new offensive to capture Kobani, a Kurdish town, two weeks ago as they try consolidate their hold on a stretch of territory across northern Syria and Iraq.
U.S-led air raids on Islamic State in Syria have done little to blunt its advance on Kobani, also known as Ayn al-Arab, and the violence has driven about some 180,000 Kurds into Turkey. Turkey has shown no sign it will intervene to directly confront Islamic State on its borders. It sees the Kurdish armed groups defending Kobani as foes.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the three-year-old Syrian war, said Islamic State has managed to capture the southern side of Mistanour hill, the furthest away from the town. At least 11 Kurdish fighters and 16 Islamic State insurgents were killed in the overnight clashes, it said.
Ocalan Iso, deputy commander of the Kurdish forces defending Kobani, said the clashes had focused on the hill, which lies to the south east. Islamic State forces are now within a kilometre of Kobani, he said by telephone.
SPILLOVER BUT NO REACTION
Some violence has already spilled over the border. Early on Sunday a mortar round landed around 500 metres (550 yards) inside Turkish territory close to an army base at Mursitpinar. Explosions were audible across the border from Kobani, where shells continued to land inside, a continued…

Delhi Police announces Rs 50 000 cash reward for tracing 3-year-old girl20
0
New Delhi: Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi on Sunday announced a cash reward of Rs 50,000 for anyone who helps in tracing three-year-old Jahnvi, who went missing from India Gate in the heart of the national capital last week.
The girl along with her parents and other relatives had reached India Gate on last Sunday evening from where she has gone missing. Family members of the girl suspect that she has been kidnapped.
Police has registered an FIR at Tilak Marg police station and several teams, including those from the Crime Branch and Special Cell are working on the case. Posters with the girl's photo, requesting help from people to trace her has gone viral on social networking websites.
The girl along with her parents and other relatives had reached India Gate on last Sunday evening from where she has gone missing.
A protest was also held by family and relatives of the girl last night in this connection at India Gate which was later shifted to Jantar Mantar by the police.
7

22 Times Mixing Tech And Alcohol Was A Really Bad ChoiceDrinking this weekend? Do yourself a favor and avoid technology at all costs. Because no matter how hard you try to abstain from texting while drunk...
...somehow your drunk self finds a way to send something totally embarrassing.
Sometimes even to yourself.
The point is, you probably have zero restraint when inebriated.
You might even end up getting engaged by accident.
Or you might just flat-out make no sense whatsoever.
If your phone runs out of battery, that's probably for the best.
Let's just hope it happens before you send that drunk email... to your teacher.
Or your students.
It's really just not helpful for your career in general.
Getting around is way easier with a smartphone, but it does still require some navigational skills.
Things get weirder when you're in front of an actual computer, though... especially if you have Photoshop.
And suddenly, the only limit to online shopping is your drunk imagination.
Look familiar?
Somebody actually bought this online while drunk.
On the flip side, a text to your friends just might save you.
But it's Craigslist that you really want to avoid.
And sticking fake mustaches on your TV can only be the result of drunk inspiration.
Sometimes it's even the technology itself that seems drunk.
This streetlamp had one job.
Bet you didn't know spell-check could slur its words too.
It's OK, you tipsy machine. We've all been there.
More:

JPMorgan Says Data Breach Affected 76 Million HouseholdsKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

How the JPMorgan Chase Security Breach Affects YouKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Supreme Court To Hear Housing Bias CaseSupreme Court To Hear Another Case On Housing Bias
 | By                                                                SAM HANANEL
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — For the third time in recent years, the Supreme Court will consider taking away a powerful legal tactic the Obama administration and others have used to combat housing discrimination.
The justices agreed Thursday to take up a Texas case that challenges the theory that certain housing or lending practices can illegally harm minority groups, even when there is no proof of intent to discriminate.
The court tried to tackle the issue twice before, but those cases were settled out of court in 2012 and 2013, just weeks before oral argument.
Those settlements, including one brokered by the Justice Department, cheered civil rights groups that hoped to avoid a setback from court conservatives. But the agreements disappointed banks and mortgage companies that believe federal housing laws should punish only intentional acts of discrimination.
The legal theory is known as disparate impact. It allows the government or private plaintiffs to use statistics to show that seemingly race-neutral policies disproportionately harm racial minorities.
While this tactic routinely has been used in employment discrimination cases, it is not explicitly covered under the Fair Housing Act.
In the Texas case, a fair housing group claims the state's system for distributing low-income housing tax credits discriminated against racial minorities. A federal appeals court agreed that the group could use statistics to show the state was approving more low-income housing in black neighborhoods than in white areas.
Fair housing advocates say such policies perpetuate segregated neighborhoods.
The Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs argues that allowing disparate impact claims would open nearly two dozen housing programs in the state to potential litigation. The agency said it essentially forces officials to seek out race-neutral results without actually taking race into account.
"Until Texas achieves racial symmetry in all aspects of government decision-making, operating any one of those programs exposes the state to a potential disparate impact lawsuit," the state said in its brief to the court.
Disparate impact has been around for more than 40 years, since the Supreme Court first upheld use of the doctrine in 1971 for employment discrimination cases. But it has increasingly emerged as a centerpiece of the Justice Department's effort to crack down on illegal housing practices.
The government has won hundreds of millions of dollars in legal settlements from financial companies accused of discriminating against black and Hispanic customers by charging them higher fees, steering them into higher-risk mortgages and committing other violations.
The justices first took on the housing issue in a 2011 Minnesota case questioning whether the city of St. Paul's aggressive enforcement of housing code violations in low-income properties disproportionately affected black residents. But Justice Department lawyer Thomas Perez, now the labor secretary, persuaded the city to drop its appeal because an adverse ruling would have hurt the agency's approach to housing discrimination cases.
Last year, the court agreed to hear a case from New Jersey in which residents of a mostly black and Hispanic neighborhood sued the township of Mount Holly over a redevelopment plan that would have forced them to move. A last-minute settlement, smoothed in part by civil rights groups, resulted in the case being dismissed.
The court will hear arguments next year in Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs v. The Inclusive Communities Project, Inc., 13-1371.
___
Follow Sam Hananel on Twitter at http://twitter.com/SamHananelAP
Also on HuffPost:

Pranab Mukherjee runs for  Swachh Bharatpicture  others
Pranab Mukherjee runs for ‘Swachh Bharat’
President Pranab Mukherjee during a run for 'Swachh Bharat’ at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee flagging off a run for 'Swachh Bharat’ at Rashtrapati Bhavan.  (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee flagging off a run for 'Swachh Bharat’ at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee during a run for 'Swachh Bharat’ at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi.  (Source: PTI)
Participants during the 'Run for Swachh Bharat’ at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi.  (Source: PTI)
President's Press Secretary Venu Rajamony during the 'Run for Swachh Bharat’ at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi.  (Source: PTI)
Related

Some of the all-time best rants about doing business in FranceMock if you want, but it's a beautiful country.(Reuters/Eric Gaillard)
SHARE
Kabir Chibber @quinto_quarto
October 4, 2014
A British businessman has gotten himself into trouble for making injudicious comments about the French and their approach to life and work. It’s not the first time. The French, of course, are easy targets on everything,from the 35-hour working week  to trumpeting spending cuts that actually turn out to be a small increase in spending .
With that in mind, Quartz has put together some of the best rants from les etrangers about the world’s fifth-biggest economy.
“Sclerotic, hopeless, and downbeat”
Andy Street, an executive at the British retailer John Lewis, was recently in Paris to collect an award. He was delayed coming back to London and proceeded to describe the experience  at a dinner, which was then widely reported. The French, he said, are “sclerotic, hopeless, and downbeat,” adding that “nothing works and worse, nobody cares about it. If you’ve got investments in French businesses, get them out quickly.”
Then it got worse. “You get on the Eurostar from something I can only describe as the squalor pit of Europe, Gare du Nord, and you get off at a modern, forward-looking station” in London, Street said. The award Street went to collect, which he described as “frankly revolting,” became for him a symbol of his neighbors across the Channel. “If I needed any further evidence of a country in decline, here it is,” he said. “Every time I [see it], I shall think, God help France.”
Street has since apologized . Readers in France may be interested to hear that John Lewis plans to launch a French language site soon.
“Only works three hours”
In 2013, the boss of US tire company Titan, Maurice Taylor, was asked to consider an investment in a loss-making Goodyear plant in the north of France. He responded in the style that got him the nickname “the Grizz.” “I have visited that factory a couple of times,” he said in a letter to the French minister for industrial recovery, Arnaud Montebourg. “The French workforce gets paid high wages but only works three hours. They get one hour for breaks and lunch, talk for three, and work for three. I told this to the French union workers to their faces. They told me that’s the French way!”
He later added: “How stupid do you think we are?” The head of a French union replied that Taylor belonged “more in a psychiatric ward than at the reins of a multinational company,” and  Montebourg noted that France’s Michelin was 35 times more profitable than Titan.
“There’s always a problem”
There are many more examples from less high-profile sources. For example, Swiss recruitment firms have reportedly shunned French candidates because they are “too lazy,” “arrogant,” and often phone in sick on Mondays and Fridays. “There’s always a problem. It’s totally different with the Spanish and the Portuguese,” the head of one recruitment firm told Le Matin Dimanche.
Other criticisms come from within. Chinese immigrants in France, for example, are unhappy with the 35-hour working week limit. “As I see it, when you work, you’re paid. So why stop at 35 hours?” one told Reuters. Another said: “We Chinese think all the unemployment is because people can’t work enough.”
“Should we go to lunch now?”
The history of French-bashing goes way back. The French writer and journalist Jules Huret visited Germany and wrote up his account, which was published as “ De Hambourg aux marches de Pologne: en Allemagne ” in 1908. In it, the head of a large bank in Westphalia tells Huret:
There’s too much talking in your offices, large and small. We are always surprised when we go to Paris for work for all the time lost to ‘chatting.’ An appointment is made for a prompt 10 a.m. Everyone greets each other, they self-congratulate, they ‘chat,’ then they broach the subject as if they’re scared of having to decide. From 11:30, people look at their watch, and there is always someone to exclaim, “Ah, should we go to lunch now? We will discuss more at the table!”
Even in Huret’s time, there was confusion about France’s own self-worth and its place in the world. Considering his country’s neighbor, which was growing in power,  Huret wrote :
How is it that these people, poor, composed only 50 years since of small tradesmen, functionaries, sordid peasants, and wretched farmworkers, living on infertile soil, has succeeded in so short a time, in passing rich France in the business field, and will soon do the same with haughty England in lines in which she has long had the monopoly?
Those words—with some minor adjustments for political correctness—could have been written in an editorial in a French newspaper today.
Share this:

Pervez Musharraf dares Indian Army  asks it to stop testing Pakistan s patienceOct 04, 2014 at  10:47pm IST
Pervez Musharraf dares Indian Army, asks it to stop testing Pakistan's patience
16
0
Karachi: Pakistan's former president and military ruler General (retired) Pervez Musharraf has sought to blame India for ceasefire violations along Line of Control, saying it should stop testing the "patience and resolve" of Pakistani Army.
Musharraf, who is facing a treason case in the Supreme Court, said, "Regular ceasefire violations on the LoC by the Indians is not good for the region and deplorable."
"I think India should stop testing the patience and resolve of the Pakistani Army," he said on Express News.
Pervez Musharraf has sought to blame India for ceasefire violations along Line of Control, saying it should stop testing the "patience and resolve" of Pakistani Army.
#pervez musharraf #india #pakistan #imran khan
Relations between the two countries have been tense in recent times due to repeated ceasefire violations along the LoC for which both governments blame each other.
According to India's Border guarding force BSF, firing by Pakistani troops along International Border (IB) in the past two months was possibly the "heaviest" since the 1971 war.
On the anti-government protests led by opposition leader Imran Khan and firebrand cleric Tahirul Qadri, Musharraf said, "The present governance, political and elections system in Pakistan have become redundant."
"I think it is now clear that all political parties have to sit together so that a consensus national government can be formed and fresh elections be held," Musharraf, who heads All Pakistan Muslim League party said.
The former military ruler said "changes are now a foregone conclusion" in Pakistan and the political and electoral system had to be changed for the better future of the country.
753

Mass grave found near Mexico town hit by violenceState police guard the road leading to the site where an alleged clandestine grave was found near the town of Pueblo Viejo, Mexico, Saturday, Oct. 4, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Iguala | Posted: October 5, 2014 9:36 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 3:57 pm
A clandestine grave site with multiple burial pits was found outside this city where violence last weekend resulted in six deaths and the disappearance of 43 students after protesters clashed with police, Mexican officials said Saturday.
Guerrero State Prosecutor Inaky Blanco said the grave site was on the outskirts of Iguala, a town about 120 miles (200 kilometers) south of Mexico City. He did not say how many bodies were in the graves and declined to speculate on whether the remains could be the missing students.
“It would be irresponsible” to jump to conclusions before tests to identify the bodies, Blanco said.
Guerrero state Gov. Angel Aguirre said the victims had been “savagely slaughtered.”
About 100 soldiers, marines and federal and state police cordoned off the area and kept journalists away from the burial pits, which were found on a hillside in rugged territory of Iguala’s poor Pueblo Viejo district.
Juan Lopez Villanueva, an official with the federal government’s National Human Rights Commission, said a total of six pits had been discovered but did not specify how many bodies were found. He also did not comment on whether the remains could be the students.
Blanco said eight more people had been arrested, adding to the 22 Iguala city police officers detained after a confrontation with student protesters late Sept. 27 set off a series of violent incidents in which six people were shot to death and the 43 young people were reported missing.
The prosecutor has said state investigators had obtained videos showing that local police arrested an undetermined number of students after the clash and took them away.
Blanco said some of the eight newly arrested people were members of an organized crime gang, adding that some of them had given key clues leading to the discovery of the mass grave.
The governor said earlier in the week that the investigation into the students’ disappearance was looking at possible involvement of organized crime, which he charged has infiltrated the town government.
Vidulfo Rosales, a lawyer for a local human rights group who is assisting the families of the missing students, said before the burial site was found that relatives believed police turned the youths over to a drug gang.
“The suspicion, the hypothesis, is that they are being held by organized crime gangs that operated in collusion with the police,” Rosales said.
State prosecutors have said the first bloodshed occurred last weekend when city police shot at buses that had been hijacked by protesting students from a teachers college. Three youths were killed and 25 people had wounds.
A few hours later, unidentified masked men fired shots at two taxis and a bus carrying continued…

TCS market cap surgesTweet
New Delhi, Oct 5:  
Three of the top-10 Sensex firms added Rs 38,768.45 crore to market capitalisation last week with IT major TCS emerging the biggest gainer.
While TCS, Infosys and Sun Pharma saw gains in their market valuation, ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, HDFC Bank, SBI and ICICI Bank saw erosion in their m-cap. The cumulative loss of these seven firms stood at Rs 26,925.45 crore.
The m-cap of TCS surged Rs 18,186.79 crore to reach Rs 5,43,684.13 crore while that of Sun Pharma zoomed Rs 11,049.34 crore to touch Rs 1,78,208.15 crore.
The valuation of Infosys climbed Rs 9,532.32 crore, to Rs 2,20,920.14 crore.
In contrast, the m-cap of ONGC dipped Rs 8,170.49 crore to Rs 3,44,486.81 crore, while that of ITC slipped Rs 6,140.18 crore to Rs 2,90,302.76 crore.
ICICI Bank lost Rs 5,738.02 crore at Rs 1,65,293.81 crore, while the value of CIL dropped Rs 2,494.96 crore at Rs 2,17,314.52 crore; RIL (Rs 2,199.28 crore at Rs 2,99,749.54 crore); SBI (Rs 1,485.68 crore at Rs 1,80,894.66 crore), and HDFC Bank (Rs 696.84 crore at Rs 2,09,599.38 crore).
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at number position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, CIL, HDFC Bank, SBI, Sun Pharma and ICICI Bank.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Suryakumar Yadav reported for illegal bowling actionSuryakumar Yadav reported for ‘illegal bowling action’
PTI
A file photo of Suryakumar Yadav
Bangalore, Oct 5:  
Suryakumar Yadav has been reported for a suspect illegal bowling action, becoming the fifth bowler to be called in the just concluded Champions League Twenty20 tournament.
Yadav, Kolkata Knight Riders’ part-time off-spinner, was reported during his side’s defeat in the last night’s final against Chennai Super Kings and has been placed on the ’warning list’.
“After all video evidence of the match was taken into account, on-field umpires Rod Tucker and Kumar Dharmasena along with third umpire S. Ravi felt that there was a flex action in his elbow beyond the acceptable limit when bowling during the match,” a release stated.
Before Yadav, his team-mate Sunil Narine, Dolphins’ Prenelan Subrayen and Adnan Rasool and Mohammed Hafeez of Lahore Lions were also reported for illegal action.
Under the CLT20 Suspected Illegal Bowling Action policy, Yadav may request an Official Assessment from the BCCI Suspect Bowling Action Committee.
If a player receives a report while on the warning list, the player shall be suspended from bowling in any matches organised by the BCCI until such date as he is cleared.
A player suspended from bowling may continue to be selected to play in matches, however he will not be allowed to bowl.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

I&B Minister Prakash Javdekar defends RSS chiefs DDtelecastPress Trust of India | Nagpur | Posted: October 5, 2014 3:54 pm
Defending the live telecast of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat’s address on Doordarshan, Union Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javdekar on Sunday said that the Government wants to instill professionalism.
The hour-long broadcast on October 3 for the first time of an RSS function had stoked a row with Congress and CPI(M) attacking the government for “misuse” of the state broadcaster while BJP defended it saying RSS genuinely contributed to patriotism and always patronized ‘justice to all’ philosophy.
ALSO READ:  RSS chief on DD: BJP lashes out at Congress, asks why did you block broadcast till now?
“Doordarshan is an autonomous organization and we want to instill professionalism. Therefore, there is nothing wrong and no interference in its functioning,” Javdekar said in reply to a question at a press conference here on Sunday.
Dismissing criticism by the Congress and Left parties over the issue, he said, “We have lifted ban on DD.” Javadekar asked as to why it was not telecast live all these years.
“When other private channels are also live broadcasting the annual speech of RSS Sarsanghchalak Bhagwat, what is wrong in DD also showing it,” he said.
ALSO READ:  Decision to broadcast speech based on merit: DD
Bhagwat had at a customary function on Dussehra described Hindutva as the country’s “national identity” and the “thread of unity” running through its diversities. He had also patted the Narendra Modi government for initiatives on national security, economy and international relations in a short period of four months.
On BJP’s prospects in the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly elections, he said the state will follow the national trend and his party will win with an absolute majority, but did not specify any numbers.
To a question on why BJP was not projecting a chief ministerial nominee in the polls, when it had projected Narendra Modi as the Prime Ministerial candidate in Lok Sabha elections, Javdekar said there is no dearth of candidates and the leader will be chosen during a meeting of elected MLAs.

ISIS document disclose plans to seize Irans nuclearsecretsPress Trust of India | London | Posted: October 5, 2014 3:47 pm
The Islamic State (ISIS) terror group plans to seize Iran’s nuclear secrets, unleash a vicious campaign of ethnic cleansing and Nazi-style eugenics to consolidate and expand its self-declared caliphate, according to a seized policy manifesto of the dreaded outfit.
The group urged its members to plan for war with Iran and has ambitions to seize Tehran’s nuclear secrets in a manifesto believed to have been written by Abdullah Ahmed al-Meshedani, a member of the group’s highly secretive six-man war cabinet.
The document, typed on perforated sheets, was seized by Iraqi special forces during a raid in March on the home of one of the commanders of ISIS.
In the document, which has been examined by western security officials – who believe it to be authentic – Meshedani wrote that ISIS aims to get hold of nuclear weapons with the help of Russia, to whom it would offer access to gas fields it controls in Iraq’s Anbar province.
Also, the documents said, Kremlin will have to give up “Iran and its nuclear program and hands over its secrets.” Russia would also have to abandon support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and back the Gulf States against Iran.
Believed to be a policy manifesto prepared for senior members of ISIS, the document offers a unique insight into the ambitions of the Islamist commanders who have shocked the world with their fanaticism and brutality, the paper said.
The ISIS militants have captured a swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria and their leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has declared himself as Caliph of the Islamic State.
The document contains 70 different plans like launching a vicious campaign of ethnic cleansing, Nazi-style eugenics and intelligence gathering operations to consolidate and expand the group’s self-declared Islamic caliphate, it said.
Meshedani, whose duties include managing suicide bombers, also calls for stripping Shia Iran of “all its power” and destroying the Shia ascendancy in Iraq.
He also incites followers to kill Iraqi military chiefs, Shia officials and Iranian-backed militias fighting for the Iraqi government, the paper said, citing the document.
A security source familiar with the document told the paper: “Nothing shocks western governments these days in relation to ISIS and its fanatical aspirations.
“And we’ve known and feared for some time that they want to obtain chemical and nuclear weapons.”
In an indication of ISIS’ brutal ideology, Meshedani writes that its intelligence operatives will “eliminate” its own leaders if they deviate from its “desired goal”.
“The leadership of the political wing must know that it is being watched and listened to by the intelligence apparatuses which pass on everything,” he warns them.
Meshedani also suggests buying islands from Yemen and the Comoros, in the Indian Ocean, “to establish a military base on the flank of the Arab lands”.

Mira Nair is the best Ive worked with  says RichaChaddaThe "Fukrey" star plays a South Mumbai "brat" in Mira's short film.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 3:43 pm
“Gangs Of Wasseypur” actress Richa Chadda will be seen in Mira Nair’s “Words with God” and says she is one of the best directors.
The actress told IANS that it was a great opportunity to work with such an “experienced filmmaker”.
“She is very intelligent. She treats every actor with respect. The film will be shown at festivals soon. I am proud that I am part of some interesting projects.
“I loved working with Mira. She is the best I have ever worked with. I have learned a lot from her as an artiste,” said Richa.
The “Fukrey” star plays a South Mumbai “brat” in the short film, which also stars Oscar winning actor Ben Kingsley.
“The film is about people’s relationships. It’s little surreal,” she said.

Missing toddler: Bassi announces Rs 50 000 cashrewardPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 3:41 pm
Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi today announced a cash reward of Rs 50,000 for anyone who helps in tracing three-year-old Jahnvi, who went missing from India Gate in the heart of the national capital last week.
The girl along with her parents and other relatives had reached India Gate on last Sunday evening from where she has gone missing. Family members of the girl suspect that she has been kidnapped.
Police has registered an FIR at Tilak Marg police station and several teams, including those from the Crime Branch and Special Cell are working on the case.
Posters with the girl’s photo, requesting help from people to trace her has gone viral on social networking websites.
A protest was also held by family and relatives of the girl last night in this connection at India Gate which was later shifted to Jantar Mantar by the police.

Kurds battle Islamist militants closing in on SyriantownKurdish peshmerga forces stand by their armed vehicles in Mahmoudiyah, Iraq, a day after they take control of the village from the Islamic State group, as they patrol on Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Mursitpinar | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:06 pm
Kurdish forces battled overnight with Islamists trying to seize a hill overlooking a Syrian border town with Turkey as U.S.-led coalition warplanes carried out raids on the militants, a Kurdish official and a monitoring group said on Sunday.
A translator with the Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD) inside Kobani said Islamic State forces were hitting it with tank and mortar fire as they tried to seize Mistanour hill, a landmark whose capture would give them easy access to the town. Kurdish forces had managed to stop Islamic State capturing the hill, Parwer Mohammed Ali told Reuters.
Kurdish peshmerga forces stand by their armed vehicles in Mahmoudiyah, Iraq, a day after they take control of the village from the Islamic State group, as they patrol on Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014. (Source: AP)
“Overnight there were new airstrikes. They struck three or four times in the vicinity Mistanour hill,” he added. Islamic State, a radical offshoot of al Qaeda, launched a new offensive to capture Kobani, a Kurdish town, two weeks ago as they try consolidate their hold on a stretch of territory across northern Syria and Iraq.
U.S-led air raids on Islamic State in Syria have done little to blunt its advance on Kobani, also known as Ayn al-Arab, and the violence has driven about some 180,000 Kurds into Turkey. Turkey has shown no sign it will intervene to directly confront Islamic State on its borders. It sees the Kurdish armed groups defending Kobani as foes.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the three-year-old Syrian war, said Islamic State has managed to capture the southern side of Mistanour hill, the furthest away from the town. At least 11 Kurdish fighters and 16 Islamic State insurgents were killed in the overnight clashes, it said.
Ocalan Iso, deputy commander of the Kurdish forces defending Kobani, said the clashes had focused on the hill, which lies to the south east. Islamic State forces are now within a kilometre of Kobani, he said by telephone.
SPILLOVER BUT NO REACTION
Some violence has already spilled over the border. Early on Sunday a mortar round landed around 500 metres (550 yards) inside Turkish territory close to an army base at Mursitpinar. Explosions were audible across the border from Kobani, where shells continued to land inside, a continued…

West Bengal under Mamata a Jihadi safe haven for Jihadis:BJPPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:37 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 5:34 pm
The BJP Sunday accused the Mamata Banerjee government in West Bengal of turning the state into a safe haven for anti-national and Jihadi activities.
Citing the October 2 blast in Burdwan in West Bengal and alleged recovery of IEDs, mobile devices and Jihadi literature from the house of a TMC worker, the party charged the state government with destroying the evidence and not handing it over to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) for probe.
BJP Secretary Siddharth Nath Singh alleged that the Burdwan police instead of handing over to the NIA the materials recovered, took away the entire evidence and destroyed it.
“Why was the NIA informed almost a day late?” he asked.
Posing questions to Banerjee, he sought clarifications on whether or not the house from where the recoveries were made belonged to a TMC cadre.
“Did it not have a TMC office on the ground floor?” he asked.
Attacking Banerjee, the BJP leader charged her with protecting those who stood accused of laundering money.
“We can safely conclude that West Bengal under Mamata Banerjee’s rule has become a safe haven for anti-national elements and Jihadi activities,” Singh said.
Two suspected militants were killed and another was injured in the explosion in the house where they were living on October 2 in Burdwan town. The CID of West Bengal police is looking into possible involvement of terror outfits like LeT and HuJI in the incident.

Two women arrested in connection with BurdwanblastPress Trust of India | Burdwan | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:17 pm
Two women were arrested and remanded to police custody for two weeks on Sunday in connection with the explosion at Khagragarh here that left two suspected militants dead.
Superintendent of Police S M H Mirza said, the two women – Rajira Bibi alias Rumi hailing from Karimpur in Nadia and Amina Bibi hailing from Lalbagh in Murshidabad were arrested from Khargragarh this morning.
Rajira Bibi is the widow of suspected militant Shakil Ahmed, who was killed in the explosion in a house at Khagragarh on October 2, while Amina Bibi is the wife of Hasan Saheb, who was critically injured in the blast and is under treatment at Burdwan Medical College and Hospital.
They had been detained on the day of the blast and were arrested this morning. They were later produced before a local court which sent them to police custody, Mirza said.
The CID of West Bengal police is looking into possible involvement of terror outfits like LeT and HuJI in the blast which left two suspected militants dead.
Rajira Bibi had said she and her husband were staying in the house for about three months, while Amina Bibi had said she was there for about one and a half months.
It is suspected that the victims of the explosion were associated with a militant outfit as a large number of watch dials, SIM cards, and other tools required to make improvised explosive devices were found in the house, police had said yesterday.
Besides the two suspected militants who were killed another was injured in the explosion which took place in a house at Khargragarh locality of Burdwan town on October 2.
One of the two had died on the spot and was identified as Shakil Ahmed hailing from Karimpur in Nadia district.
Another injured Sovan Mandal died during treatment at Burdwan Medical College and Hospital.
Later, another person Hatij Mollah was detained in connection with the explosion.
Police said a CID team went to his house at Khar Duttapa in Purbostholi, about 70 km from here, to detain him. He is being interrogated, the police added.

For the love of bakingUpdated: October 5, 2014 17:23 IST
For the love of baking
Ranjani Rajendra
The Hindu Neethi Ravinder loves to experiment with healthy baked goodies. Photo: G. Ramakrishna
The Hindu For Minakshi Shekar baking is a passion. Photo: Nagara Gopal
TOPICS
food and dining (general)
Young professionals are channelling their culinary skills to launch home-based baking enterprises
Ever watched the Cake Boss show and wondered how they came up with all those impossibly realistic looking 3D cakes and fondant creations? With customised celebration cakes picking up in the city, you find that it is not just fancy bakeries and patisseries that are dishing out exotic desserts and cakes. Several young professionals too are exploring their culinary skills and channelling their inner Bartolo Valastros to set up their own home-based baking units. From customised 3D cakes, to exotic flavoured cupcakes, fudgy brownies, banana breads and French desserts these home bakers have it all figured out. All they need is the passion to bake, a good oven and some friends willing to sample their initial creations.
Take for instance Minakshi Shekar a script writer who recently launched her baking enterprise The Big Bake Theory. Having baked regularly for friends and family, she decided only recently to take her love for baking to a professional level. “The Big Bake Theory is an extension of my love for baking and a reflection of the Television and film buff in me. Also since I spend most of my days writing scripts, baking is a great way for me to take a break from it and just think. It’s quite therapeutic and relaxing. I bake three to four days a week and I usually have a stock of brownies and banana breads that people can pick up. As for cakes, I usually bake on orders,” she says.
A childhood memory or a yearning to recreate something they’ve tasted is usually the trigger for casual experiments in the kitchen to turn into a passion. Divjyot Chawla, who runs La Crosta from home recalls, “As a child, I would watch my mother bake and want to try my hand at it as well. After graduation I began working with my father, but spent most of my time searching for recipes of cakes, cupcakes, brownies and other desserts. Once I began baking professionally, I taught myself to work with fondant as well. I love the creativity involved. I decided to broaden my spectrum when I sampled some fine French desserts in Paris last year. That’s how I began my tryst with more exotic things like choux pastries, layered cakes and macaroons.” She adds, “I soon plan to turn professional and rope in employees that I can probably learn from as well.”
Neethi Ravinder, manager at Super Olefins, had a similar start to her experiments with baking. However, she waited till she could perfect her cake decorating skills before setting up Sweet Box Cakes. “While baking has been a self-taught skill, I did take a basic decoration course while I was visiting the US,” she says, adding, “while I bake celebration cakes, brownies and cookies apart from other desserts, I also like to make healthier variants for clients based on orders. So there is usually a sugar-free or almond and oatmeal flour cookie or brownie or a vegan dessert in my oven.”
Given the fact that these women juggle a full-time job and their baking enterprises there is a fair bit of planning and time management involved. “I usually bake when there are no distractions like late at night or on weekends. Besides, I love what I do, so it never feels like a job,” says Neethi.
Word of mouth publicity usually ropes in clients for these home bakers. “Guests at parties that I bake for usually take my reference and call me back for future orders. While I do put up pictures on social media, most of my orders come from word-of-mouth publicity,” says Divjyot.

Thanking you sir.holding suzlon at higher level chandra ji and gsk ji ...Platinum Member
47 Followers
BlackBlades...retail is around ~16% (Upto 1 Lakh) out of which the faint hearted and low volume one`s would be a pittance. I don`t think that would impact the price in such a way. Funny part of the group is, these guys are the ones who would be expecting it to go on UC forever and will never sell the moment it goes up. It is the same group which would lick wounds when it goes down even 50% from their avg price and still wouldn`t sell thinking the share would up in next quarter.
I only see panic buying by our fellow boarders...retail selling by fellow boarders is negligible....
BTW Navratra / Vijayadashmi wishes to all...with the blessings of God of knowledge guide us to get God of prosperity & God of health to settle down in homes permanently...

Kashmir is the Hamlet of my film  says Vishal Bhardwaj on HaiderPrint
Haider is an extension of what I have attempted in Maqbool and Omkara.
Written by Harneet Singh | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 9:13 am
Vishal Bhardwaj on Haider, how he nearly reimagined Hamlet as an espionage thriller, composing songs at airports and learning how to tell a story without words.
Haider is your third adaption of a Shakespearean tragedy, after Maqbool and Omkara. Where does Shakespeare end and Vishal Bhardwaj take over?
I don’t really know how to answer this. Haider is an extension of what I have attempted in Maqbool and Omkara. Haider doesn’t begin like he (Shakespeare) begins his play. I’ve turned his third act into the first act. As a filmmaker, I wanted to make Hamlet in Kashmir. In my film, in a way, Kashmir becomes Hamlet.
What was it about Kashmir that made you set your Hamlet there?
It was the political turmoil and the 25 years of tragedy of Kashmir that compelled me. Our way of looking at Kashmir has either been cosmetic — only for shooting songs — or rhetoric, where we show a man in a phiran, holding a Kalashnikov. Haider is the first film where we see Kashmir from the inside. I don’t think we have made a mainstream film about the issue. If this was Europe, we would have made 200 films on Kashmir. Hollywood is still making films on the Nazi era. Every year, there is a film on World War I. Now, they are telling stories of Iraq, even television has Homeland. They have a take on “human conflicts” lekin hum log toh chori se baaz nahin aaye hain (but we have still not gotten over the theme of theft). Hum abhi bhi thieves ki filmein bana rahe hain (We are still making films about thieves). The human conflict in Kashmir drew me. I’ve set Haider in 1995, when militancy was at its peak. I wanted to observe the human tragedy that a regular middle-class family went through. What happened to the families that didn’t move away? What happened to the mother who was a teacher, the father who was a doctor, the uncle who was a lawyer? Till now, we have heard points of view from this side or that side. We know the two extremes but the tension is always in the middle — what about the people hanging between the two extremes of the rope?
How did the collaboration with journalist-author Basharat Peer, who co-wrote Haider, work out?
My wife, Rekha, was reading Basharat’s memoir, Curfewed Night. One night, I saw her crying while reading it. She said, “Hila diya mujhe iss book ne (This book shook me).” I had just returned from the US and was severely jetlagged, so I didn’t read the book. But Hamlet was very much on my mind. In fact, I was developing the play as a contemporary espionage thriller with author Stephen Alter. We wrote a 30-page synopsis, which I sent to Gulzarsaab to read. continued…

SCI  GAIL in talks for $3 billion LNG ships ...You are here: Home > Collections > Gail
Shipping Corporation of India, GAIL in talks for $3 billion LNG ships deal
PTI Oct 5, 2014, 01.02PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(SCI is currently running…)
KRISHNAPATNAM ( ANDHRA PRADESH ): Shipping Corporation of India and GAIL (India) Limited are currently in discussion to forge a tie-up under which the latter will acquire nine LNG ships with almost $ 3 billion and the former will run them, a senior official of the SCI said.
SCI Director (liner and passenger services) Sarveen Narula said the shipper will have an option to pick up stake up to 25 per cent once a joint venture company is formed for the purpose and talks are held through respective ministries.
"We are trying to buy nine LNG ships, not through SCI but through GAIL. SCI will run those ships in partnership with GAIL. We are actively working with GAIL in selection of (other) partners. We may have the right to take up to 25 per cent of the stake in that (venture).
"The Memorandum of Understanding is being finalised. We are already been in talks with them. Very soon it will be done. It is brokered through the Government," Narula told PTI.
SCI is currently running four LNG ships through joint venture companies with Japanese partners among others, in which the Indian PSU holds 26 per cent stake.
"That is why we are tying up with GAIL. We will have the technical expertise. The funding will be though GAIL. So this becomes a new business for us. Each ship would cost around $ 300 to 350 million," Narula said when asked about the capital requirement for buying the vessels.
He spoke on the sidelines of the flagging off ceremony of SCI's direct container services to Yangon from Krishnapatnam port container terminal on October 3.
The shipping company has already approached the Central government seeking permission to start an overseas subsidiary in Singapore for LNG shipping to India, he said.
According to the latest annual report of GAIL, the total Indian LNG imports required to meet the demand-domestic supply gap was 10.79 BCM (29.56 MMSCMD) in 2008, which further rose to 17.8 BCM (48.8 MMSCMD) in 2013.
GAIL has imported 25 LNG cargoes (equivalent to approximately 1.50 MMTPA of LNG) during the last financial year from various international sources on short term as well as spot basis to meet immediate domestic gas requirement.
SCI currently has an MoU with GAIL for transporting LNG from USA to India in 2016-17 wherein it has step-in right up to 26 per cent and also providing technical consultancy.
According to the 2013-14 annual report of SCI, India was the fifth largest importer of LNG in 2013 accounting for 5.5 per cent of the total trade. Domestic natural gas supply is expected to grow at 5.6 per cent over FY13-15, while gas demand is expected to grow at 18 per cent thereby causing a demand-supply mismatch.
Narula further said another focused area for the company would be providing services to oil and gas companies in offshore activities.
Currently, SCI has been offering services to ONGC and is looking for opportunities in other parts of the world, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Small wonder  Haider  rides on word of mouth  registers 14% rise in collections"Haider" minted Rs.6.14 crore, and on the following day, it managed a business of Rs.6.93 crore.
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:09 pm
It’s a small film made with a lot of heart. Vishal Bhardwaj’s “Haider”, his twist on William Shakespeare’s tragic play “Hamlet”, is climbing up the Bollywood box office ladder thanks to a positive word of mouth, say experts. It has earned a cumulative of Rs.13.07 crore within two days of its release.
The Shahid Kapoor, Shraddha Kapoor, Tabu and Kay Kay Menon starrer hit the screens Thursday along with the big budget entertainer “Bang Bang”.
Also read – ‘Kashmir is the Hamlet of my film,’ says Vishal Bhardwaj on Haider
On its opening day, “Haider” minted Rs.6.14 crore, and on the following day, it managed a business of Rs.6.93 crore, registering a 14 percent jump in its collections, said a source from the production team, UTV Motion Pictures.
“The film witnessed a huge jump in most of the regions, including Gujarat, Punjab, Rajasthan,” the source added.
Made at a budget of Rs.24 crore, the canvas of “Haider” is dark and violent, but beautiful in its own way.
Set against the unrest in the Kashmir Valley, the story revolves around a man who wants to avenge his father’s death. And Bhardwaj, known for giving Bollywood buffs a different cinematic sensibility with movies like “Maqbool”, “Omkara” and “Kaminey”, has used apt locations and setting to suit the grim and gritty mood of his latest offering.
Industry experts believe “Haider” is performing well, and its collections are poised to grow over the days.
“It has performed really well. The film did pretty well on the first day and I believe it has only become better. The liking for the film is not only limited to single screens as the film is getting a good response from multiplex audience as well. The response for the film at our cinema chain is really good,” Deepak Sharma, chief operating officer, PVR Pictures, told IANS.
Sharma said the audience is aware that it’s a “very different movie”, and its performances and cinematography are turning out to be crowd pullers.
“Word of mouth publicity is working for the film. I would say that the audience is not only appreciating the film because of the publicity, but due to genuine liking towards the movie,” he added.
Agrees Rajesh Thadani of Multimedia Combines.
“‘Haider’ has collected over Rs.11 crore so far and it will grow through word of mouth,” Thadani said, adding that the fact that “Bang Bang” released on the same day, has affected the collections that “Haider” could have managed.
“Bang Bang”, starring Hrithik Roshan and Katrina Kaif, and directed by Siddharth Anand, is the continued…

External debt jumps $12.6 billion to $346.6 ...You are here: Home > Collections > Iip
External debt jumps $12.6 billion to $346.6 billion in Q1
PTI Oct 5, 2014, 12.40PM IST
Tags:
external debt
(On an annual basis, the numbers…)
MUMBAI: The country's international investment position (IIP) has deteriorated during the June quarter as net claims of non-residents rose $ 12.6 billion to $ 346.6 billion following a sharper rise in the value of foreign-owned assets in the country vis-a-vis rise in the value of residents' financial assets abroad.
"Net claims of non-residents on the country, as reflected by the net IIP, rose $ 12.6 billion to $ 346.6 billion at the end of the June quarter from the previous quarter," the Reserve Bank has said.
This change in the net position shows a $ 22.9 billion increase in the value of foreign-owned assets in the country vis-a-vis a $ 10.4 billion increase in the value of residents' financial assets abroad, the RBI said.
However, the ratio of the country's international financial assets to international financial liabilities improved to 58.7 per cent in the June quarter from 59.1 per cent in the March quarter.
On an annual basis, the numbers deteriorated much faster as net IIP in June 2013 quarter stood at $ 313.4 billion, an increase of $33.2 billion. In the September quarter of FY14, net IIP had stood at a $ 302.7 billion while the same was $ 318.8 billion in the December 2013 quarter.
Similarly, residents' financial assets abroad, too, rose $ 10.4 billion in Q1 to $ 492.8 billion from $ 482.4 billion in Q4 of FY14. On an annual basis, assets rose by $ 58.3 billion from $ 434.5 billion. This stood at $ 436.7 billion in Q2 of FY14 and at $ 458.9 billion in Q3 of FY14.
As per the RBI data, deterioration in net IIP was due to a sharper spike in the value of foreign-owned assets in the country vis-a-vis the increase in the value of residents' financial assets abroad.
The net IIP measured as financial assets of residents are claims on non-residents and gold/bullion held as reserve assets less financial liabilities of the residents to non-residents. The IIP shows the value and the composition of the financial assets of residents that are claims on non-residents, and gold/bullion held as reserve assets; and the liabilities of residents to non-residents.
On the composition of external financial assets and liabilities, RBI said the reserve assets continued to have the dominant share of 64.2 per cent in the overseas financial assets, followed by direct investment abroad at 26.2 per cent.
 
The share of direct investment stood at 29.8 per cent, portfolio investment at 24.3 per cent, loans at 21.5 per cent, and currency and deposits at 12.7 per cent. The share of non-debt liabilities rose marginally to 46 percent in Q1 from 45.5 per cent in the previous quarter.
Commenting on the rise in the external debt, Icra chief economist Aditi Nayar said, "Data indicates moderation in vulnerability across a variety of external sector indicators, including external debt as a percentage of GDP, ratio of forex reserves to external debt and short-term external debt by residual maturity as a percentage of reserves."
She said the marginal rise in short-term debt (by $ 0.3 billion) indicates that redemption pressure in the immediate term has not intensified. Moreover, forex reserves were enhanced by a substantial $ 12 billion in the quarter.
The residents' financial assets abroad rose by $ 10.4 billion to $ 492.8 billion by as of the June quarter on a quarter-on-quarter basis, as there was an increase in reserve assets.
Reserve assets account for over three-fifths of total financial assets, and rose by $ 11.9 billion to $ 316.1 billion during the reporting period, according to RBI data.
Direct investment abroad rose marginally to $ 128.8 billion from $ 128.7 billion, while other investments abroad declined by $ 1.7 billion to $ 46.6 billion due to a fall in the stock of currency and deposits and loans.
The outstanding value of currency and deposits fell by $ 2.2 billion to $ 15.7 billion, the stock of loans declined by $ 1.8 billion to $ 5.1 billion, the apex bank data showed.
Meanwhile, foreign-owned assets rose $ 22.9 billion to $ 839.3 billion in June as stock of portfolio and direct investments rose. While stock of portfolio investments rose $ 10.6 billion to $ 203.7 billion, the stock of direct investments jumped $ 7.6 billion to $ 250.3 billion.
Other investment liabilities rose $ 4.8 billion to $ 385.3 billion as the stock of trade credit, loans and currency and deposits rose.
The share of debt liabilities in total liabilities declined marginally to 54 per cent at the end of the June 2014 quarter from 54.5 per cent in the preceding quarter. The overseas financial assets-to-liabilities ratio deteriorated to 58.7 per cent from 59.1 per cent a quarter ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Foreign owned assets in India rise to $839 bn in April-Juneassets
(The difference in assets…)
NEW DELHI: The foreign-owned assets in India increased by $ 22.9 billion over the previous quarter to $ 839.3 billion during the quarter ended June 2014, according to RBI.
This is mainly due to increase of $ 10.6 billion in portfolio investment in India and increase of $ 7.6 billion in direct investment into the country.
Among other investment liabilities, currency and deposits increased by $ 2.4 billion and loans (mainly external commercial borrowings) rose by $ 1.2 billion, according to Reserve Bank data on International Investment Position (IIP) for April-June.
The ratio of India's international financial assets to international financial liabilities stood at 58.7 per cent in June 2014 (59.1 per cent in March 2014)
On the assets front, the Indian residents' financial assets abroad stood at $ 492.8 billion, up $ 10.4 billion from previous quarter due to a rise of $ 11.9 billion in reserve assets.
The gap between assets and liabilities in this regard led to the rise in net claims of non-residents on India by $ 12.6 billion to $ 346.6 billion as of June 2014.
"This change in the net position reflected a $ 22.9 billion increase in the value of foreign-owned assets in India vis-a-vis a $ 10.4 billion increase in the value of Indian residents' financial assets abroad," RBI said.
The difference in assets and liabilities, reflected by the net International Investment Position (IIP), is disseminated with one quarter lag.
The IIP data is an important input for understanding external sustainability and vulnerability, and is also useful in analysing the economic structure.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New needle-coated capsule may replace injectionsComments
A pill coated with tiny needles that can deliver drugs directly into the lining of the digestive tract has been developed by scientists, an advance that may eliminate the need for injections. In animal studies, researchers at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) found that the capsule delivered insulin more efficiently than injection under the skin, and there were no harmful side effects as the capsule passed through the digestive system.
"This could be a way that the patient can circumvent the need to have an infusion or subcutaneous administration of a drug," said Giovanni Traverso, a research fellow at MIT's Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research, and one of the lead authors of the study.
Although the researchers tested their capsule with insulin, they anticipate that it would be most useful for delivering biopharmaceuticals such as antibodies, which are used to treat cancer and autoimmune disorders like arthritis.
This class of drugs, known as "biologics," also includes vaccines, recombinant DNA, and RNA. "The large size of these biologic drugs makes them nonabsorbable.
And before they even would be absorbed, they're degraded in your GI tract by acids and enzymes that just eat up the molecules and make them inactive," said Carl Schoellhammer, a graduate student in chemical engineering and a lead author of the paper. Schoellhammer, Traverso, and their colleagues set out to design a capsule that would serve as a platform for the delivery of a wide range of therapeutics, prevent degradation of the drugs, and inject the payload directly into the lining of the GI tract.
Their prototype acrylic capsule, 2 centimetres long and 1 centimetre in diameter, includes a reservoir for the drug and is coated with hollow, stainless steel needles about 5 millimetres long. Previous studies of accidental ingestion of sharp objects in human patients have suggested that it could be safe to swallow a capsule coated with short needles.
Since there are no pain receptors in the GI tract, patients would not feel any pain from the drug injection. To test whether this type of capsule could allow safe and effective drug delivery, the researchers tested it in pigs, with insulin as the drug payload. It took more than a week for the capsules to move through the entire digestive tract, and the researchers found no traces of tissue damage.
They also found that the microneedles successfully injected insulin into the lining of the stomach, small intestine, and colon, causing the animals' blood glucose levels to drop. This reduction in blood glucose was faster and larger than the drop seen when the same amount of insulin was given by subcutaneous injection. The study appears in the Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences.

Too woo youth  INLD ropes in Yo Yo Honey SinghOct 05, 2014 at 02:49pm IST
Too woo youth, INLD ropes in Yo Yo Honey Singh
4
0
Chandigarh: To woo youth voters in the state, Haryana's main opposition INLD has roped in rapper Yo-Yo Honey Singh for the upcoming assembly elections.
Indian National Lok Dal, which is eyeing a comeback after a decade in the state, released a music video featuring Honey Singh here, exhorting youths to vote for the party.
Karan Chautala, youth party leader and son of Abhay Singh Chautala, said earlier there were no plans of roping in the singer for the party.
A file photo of Honey Singh
#haryana #haryana assembly elections 2014 #yo yo honey singh #inld
"It wasn't an idea as such, to rope in Honey Singh. He is very connected with Chaudhary Devi Lal ji's ideology. So, he wanted to do something and I welcomed it. He is like a elder brother to me," 22-year-old Karan said.
In the music video, the singer seeks votes for the party singing in Haryanvi language, "Yo-Yo gailay nachega, Tau ki maati ka yo gana charon or bajega, Yo Yo gailay tum bhi gao."
Ahead of the October 15 polls, INLD has also launched an aggressive advertising campaign to woo different sections of the society.
128

The size of your dining companion can influence what (and how much) you eatSvati Kirsten Narula @svatikirsten
October 5, 2014
Many factors influence how much one eats at meals and in between—dim versus bright lighting, background music , boredom , plate size , whether the food is served buffet-style or a la carte, and the list goes on.
Now it turns out even the physical appearance of your dining companions can play a role in what—and how much—you eat. According to an experiment by food psychology researchers from Southern Illinois and Cornell universities in the US, you’re more likely to take heaping portions of unhealthy foods in the presence of someone who appears to be overweight.
Researchers had 82 people line up, in eight batches, for a lunch of pasta and salad. Each time, there was an actress at the head of the queue, who drew attention to herself by speaking loudly, then serving herself. Sometimes she took a lot of pasta and less salad. In other instances, she took more salad than pasta. Sometimes she wore a “fat suit,” appearing overweight, and other times she didn’t.
When the actress appeared to be “fat,” regardless of whether she took more pasta or salad, all the other people in line indulged in more pasta. “These results demonstrated that people may eat larger portions of unhealthy food and smaller portions of healthy food when eating with an overweight person,” concluded the researchers, who recently published their findings in the journal Appetite.
The probable explanation for this is that seeing someone who is not the perfect picture of health may “dampen” health-related goals —so an individual who aims to make healthy choices at meals may become less motivated to make those choices upon seeing someone embodying the results of opposite behavior.
This effect has been studied before; a 2011 paper in the Journal of Consumer Research described it this way : “Activation of a negative stereotype (the overweight stereotype) is shown to lead to stereotype-consistent goal commitment (low health goal commitment), which partially explains increases in stereotype-conducive behavior (eating indulgent foods).” That paper cited related studies, saying the same thing, from 2010 and 2007.
Share this:

Two women arrested in connection with Burdwan blastPress Trust of India | Burdwan | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:17 pm
Two women were arrested and remanded to police custody for two weeks on Sunday in connection with the explosion at Khagragarh here that left two suspected militants dead.
Superintendent of Police S M H Mirza said, the two women – Rajira Bibi alias Rumi hailing from Karimpur in Nadia and Amina Bibi hailing from Lalbagh in Murshidabad were arrested from Khargragarh this morning.
Rajira Bibi is the widow of suspected militant Shakil Ahmed, who was killed in the explosion in a house at Khagragarh on October 2, while Amina Bibi is the wife of Hasan Saheb, who was critically injured in the blast and is under treatment at Burdwan Medical College and Hospital.
They had been detained on the day of the blast and were arrested this morning. They were later produced before a local court which sent them to police custody, Mirza said.
The CID of West Bengal police is looking into possible involvement of terror outfits like LeT and HuJI in the blast which left two suspected militants dead.
Rajira Bibi had said she and her husband were staying in the house for about three months, while Amina Bibi had said she was there for about one and a half months.
It is suspected that the victims of the explosion were associated with a militant outfit as a large number of watch dials, SIM cards, and other tools required to make improvised explosive devices were found in the house, police had said yesterday.
Besides the two suspected militants who were killed another was injured in the explosion which took place in a house at Khargragarh locality of Burdwan town on October 2.
One of the two had died on the spot and was identified as Shakil Ahmed hailing from Karimpur in Nadia district.
Another injured Sovan Mandal died during treatment at Burdwan Medical College and Hospital.
Later, another person Hatij Mollah was detained in connection with the explosion.
Police said a CID team went to his house at Khar Duttapa in Purbostholi, about 70 km from here, to detain him. He is being interrogated, the police added.

BJP to go alone in Haryana polls  hopes to ride on  Modi powerOct 05, 2014 at  03:34pm IST
BJP to go alone in Haryana polls, hopes to ride on 'Modi power'
1
1
Chandigarh: Having broken away from its alliance partner, the Haryana Janhit Congress, the BJP is contesting all 90 seats in Haryana. Another former BJP ally, the Indian National Lok Dal is also contesting on its own.
Abhay Chautala has always had a certain swagger but he will need a lot more in the Haryana election to lead the INLD campaign. His father Om Prakash Chautala and brother Ajay, the tallest INLD leaders are in jail over corruption in a teacher recruitment scam. However, Abhay still hopes to improve the INLD's tally of 32 seats in the last election.
Banking on grassroots connections, the Jat vote bank and anti-incumbency for the Congress, Chautala has maintained that they are eyeing 60 seats.
#haryana #haryana assembly elections 2014 #bjp #hjc
A party doesn't win elections based on speeches and newspaper ads, the party that has grassroot base wins. They have given tickets to such people who have robbed this state, Abhay Chautala said.
"INLD is not a goonda party as some people allege. Om Prakash Chautala in jail does not harm the party. His bugle still sounds in Haryana," a supporter said.
While party chief Amit Shah is leading the BJP's poll campaign, the party is lacking in strong local leaders as it is contesting all 90 assembly seats for the first time. However, the party is banking on the Modi factor.
Dismissing the Congress as corrupt and the Lok Dal as a party of goons, Shah said "when Congress comes to power, it loots the people, when chautala does, he beats them up."
With BJP going alone in Haryana, the challenges are going to be high but what they are banking on is the anti-corruption plank and that Modi being the Prime Minister of the country and Haryana being a neighboring state to Delhi is definitely going to benefit is the plank they are banking on.
What goes against the BJP in the state is that they do not have a very strong local leadership. It is to be seen whether Modi will be able to make up for the lack of leadership.
0

Government likely to roll out Health Assurance Mission by year endOct 05, 2014 at 03:17pm IST
Government likely to roll out Health Assurance Mission by year end
12
27
New Delhi: The Government hopes to roll out its ambitious Universal Health Assurance Mission by the end of this year as the Health Ministry ready with the details of its proposal which envisages to bring all Indians under health insurance cover.
"We are prepared with the scheme. We are in the process of discussion with states and expect that the first phase of the scheme will be rolled out very soon," ministry sources said about what they have described as the world's largest public health insurance programme.
The poor will get treatment free of cost, Health Ministry sources said, as they expect premium to be low for the rest of the population due to the country's predominantly young population.
The poor will get treatment free of cost, Health Ministry sources said, as they expect premium to be low for the rest of the population due to the country's predominantly young population.
#tracking the modi government #health assurance mission #harsh vardhan #uk
The highlights of the proposed UHAM are that 50 essential drugs with a package of diagnostics and about 30 AYUSH drugs will be made available to all citizens at government hospitals and health centres across the country. A package of preventive and positive health information will be made available to all citizens and health insurance will be a built-in feature of the UHAM.
UHAM was a key poll promise of the BJP and Health Minister Harsh Vardhan had set up an Expert Group to prepare a roadmap to implement it for the entire population. It also figured in the President's inaugural address to Parliament on June 9. Headed by Ranjit Roy Chaudhury, retired Professor-Emeritus of Post-Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research, Chandigarh, the group submitted its report within eight weeks.
At present health insurance covers about 25 per cent of the population and the UHAM is expected to give a big boost to the health sector. In the absence of any public health insurance scheme, the out of pocket personal expenditure on health care in India is over 75 per cent of total expenses compared to less than 15 per cent in countries like the United States of America and the United Kingdom.
One of the biggest challenges, Vardhan had noted recently at an event, would be to keep up the supply of doctors and technical personnel. The present doctor to population ratio, one to 1,700, needs to be improved. A great number of technical personnel in diagnostics and radiology among others are also necessary, he said.
10

Express LOL: CSKs wins are like Bollywoodmovies!Print
Express LOL | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:36 pm
The Chennai Super Kings are on top of the T20 world once again, after winning the CLT20 final against KKR convincingly. We’ve seen them win many tournaments, many matches over the years.
And the one thing we’ve learnt (apart from the fact that Ravindra Jadeja is a Sir) is that CSK’s wins are a lot like Bollywood movie. Here’s the proof:

Haryana elections: Residents complain of uneven growth in the stateMaharashtra: Shiv Sena ready to go with BJP's choice of CM
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Naseeruddin Shah not in favour of Homi Adajania making another Cocktail"I love Homi. I just love his insanity. He is very good with his work," Naseer said.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 5:36 pm
Naseeruddin Shah praises Homi Adajania for valuing “aesthetics” and “authenticity” and adds that the director is also savvy enough to make a “completely synthetic and crass film like ‘Cocktail’.”
After working with the director in his dark drama “Being Cyrus” and his recent quirky film “Finding Fanny”, the National Award-winning actor seems to be quite impressed with Adajania’s way of working.
“I love Homi. I just love his insanity. He is very good with his work,” Naseer told IANS.
“He values aesthetics and authenticity and at the same time he is savvy enough to make a completely synthetic and crass film like ‘Cocktail’ and didn’t get carried away by the success of a film like that… That is very courageous,” he said.
He added: “If he would have been making another film like ‘Cocktail’, I would have kicked his ass and secondly, I wouldn’t have done it. I am happy and proud Homi has made a film like ‘Finding Fanny’ where he could have easily made a film like ‘Cocktail’.
“I don’t feel making ‘Cocktail’ was necessary because he could have made ‘Finding Fanny’ equally well five years ago.”
Adajania’s 2012 release “Cocktail” was a romantic comedy-drama and the Saif Ali Khan, Deepika Padukone and Diana Penty-starrer had become one of the biggest earners of the year.
Meanwhile, Naseer, who had made his directorial debut in 2006 with “Yun Hota To Kya Hota”, has no plans of helming another film at the moment.
“No direction. I am happy directing on stage,” he said and added: “I might (direct), but I don’t have the energy. It’s too much of hard work.”

Now dads are also involved in kids upbringing  says SonaliBendreSonali will be seen on “Ajeeb Daastaan Hain Ye” for at least six months.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 5:30 pm
Actress Sonali Bendre , who was initially hesitant about taking up a fiction TV show due to her son, is glad that men nowadays are giving importance to their child’s upbringing. She credits her husband for helping her to manage work and family.
The “Zakhm” star has a nine-year-old son Ranveer with husband and filmmaker Goldie Behl. She believes that now fathers take equal interest in their children’s development as much as mothers do.
“Mothers were only involved in bringing up of their children. Now fathers are also involved. Earlier it was just about mothers,” she said.
Sonali, who will be seen on “Ajeeb Daastaan Hain Ye” for at least six months, says she wasn’t keen on taking up the forthcoming fiction TV show because of her son. But her husband has been supportive and “helps a lot”.
“My husband said ‘Don’t worry, you go, I’m there. I will adjust my meetings. I’m there for Ranveer.’ He goes to our son’s tennis class sometimes or picks him up from school,” said the actress, who plays a mother in the show too.
“I drop my son to school and by his dinner time, I’m home. Sometimes, I have to do night shooting and it’s tough for me. My kid on the other hand, is getting freedom,” she added.
Amidst shooting, supervising house, the fit and fabulous Sonali manages to find time to work out.
“I go gymming thrice a week and I don’t eat junk food or take aerated drinks. I have always eaten healthy. Since childhood, after every two hours I would feel hungry.
“My mom used to get irritated and would shout at me. Now, people are spending lakhs by going to a dietician who suggests to eat after every two hours,” she said.
She hasn’t thought about any new project after the show goes off air, but knows one thing for sure — if she has to work with her husband, it “has to be special”. But production is not on her mind as of now.
“People take production lightly. You need training for it. I am an actor and I won’t do a job that I don’t know,” she said.

Assam CM Tarun Gogoi launches cleanliness drive three dayslaterPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 5, 2014 5:23 pm | Updated: October 6, 2014 1:04 am
Three days after Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Swachh Bharat mission, Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi on Sunday launched his own Clean Assam campaign by sweeping garbage in three different localities of the state capital here. Gogoi also said that he had launched a similar cleanliness drive in February 2012 itself, though that did not last long.
Gogoi also announced constituting a Green Brigade and permanent committees to look after cleanliness in different localities. “We will constitute a Green Brigade and permanent committees to keep the localities neat and clean. Awards will also be given for cleanliness drive,” he added.
Appreciating Prime Minister Modi’s Swacch Bharat campaign Gogoi said, “We support any good cause and our government with the help of public organizations, NGOs, and individuals will make an all-out endeavour to make Assam clean and green.” While Modi had launched his campaign on Gandhi Jayanti, Gogoi preferred to kick-start his a day after the Durga Puja festivities were over, and chose three spots that were littered with garbage during the just-concluded festival.
Like Modi, the Assam Chief Minister too announced taking up the cleanliness drive on a mission mode across the nook and corner of the state. “We had launched a Clean Guwahati Campaign in February 2012 in front of Cotton College, Jail Road, Manipuri Basti and other places. However, that campaign did not continue for long. But this time the cleanliness drive will be a continuous process in Guwahati and other parts of the state,” Gogoi said.
Gogoi also attributed Guwahati’s water-logging and flood problem to garbage and filth and calle upon citizens to keep the drains clean in order to ensure smooth flow of water. “One of the reasons for Guwahati’s flood is due to clogging of drains. If we keep the drains free from garbage and filth, it will help to mitigate the problem to a great extent,” he said.
The Assam chief minister also recalled taking part in cleanliness drives even when he was a high school student in the 1940s. “Cleanliness is next to godliness. When I was a school student, we participated in cleanliness drive at Harijan Colony, Jorhat, every Saturday,” he tweeted. While Gogoi launched the cleanliness campaign in Guwahati his other ministers and Congress MLAs inaugurated the drive in different districts on Sunday.

Seven militants killed inPakistanPress Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: October 5, 2014 5:18 pm
Pakistan police Sunday shot dead at least seven Taliban militants and arrested five others who were allegedly involved in a fatal bomb attack on a senior police officer here.
They were killed in a gunbattle with the police in the notorious Lasi and Ayub Goth areas of Malir, on the outskirts of the city.
“On getting information we carried out a full scale operation and were met with strong resistance from this group of militants who used heavy ammo against us,” Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Malir, Rao Anwar said.
“In the operation seven militants were killed and five others captured in injured condition while at least two of them managed to escape,” he said.
The militants were allegedly involved in the attack on Chaudhry Aslam who led a strong campaign against the terrorists in Pakistan’s biggest city.
Having survived several assassination attempts in the past, he along with two other officers died when a bomb-laden vehicle targeted his convoy on the Lyari expressway on January 10.
Militant group Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) had claimed responsibility for the attack.
Anwar said three of those killed were involved in preparing the bomb-laden vehicle that killed Aslam and two other officers.
“Hazrat Hussain, Lal Dada and Amin were those involved in planning the attack on Aslam,” he said.
He said the police had recovered large quantity of explosives, arms and ammunition and suicide jackets from the safe houses.
For sometime now some of the Katchi Abadis and Goths have become no go areas with militants having taken refuge there in safe houses.

Punjab govt to launch scheme for toilets in ruralareasPress Trust of India | Kambo | Posted: October 5, 2014 5:12 pm
Aiming to ensure better sanitation and hygiene, Punjab government will launch a new programme for constructing a toilet in every rural house.
“The state government will soon launch a new scheme for constructing toilets in every rural household. This scheme will be implemented from the next fiscal year to benefit the rural populace”, said Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal.
Badal said he had directed the concerned officers to complete the necessary formalities in this regard.
The Chief Minister also said he would soon conduct “Sangat Darshan” programmes in border villages of the state to boost the pace of overall development there.
Under the “Sangat Darshan” programmes, Badal meets people to redress their grievances.
The state government would soon chalk out a multi pronged strategy to ensure the overall development of the border districts in the state, he said.
Badal said he would take up issues being faced by people residing in border areas with the Union government.
The Chief Minister assured the people, who were affected by heavy rains in the region, would be duly compensated for the damage caused.
He said the Deputy Commissioner would conduct surveys following which the compensation would be awarded to the aggrieved people.
Badal also announced that the process of identifying the remaining beneficiaries of the New Atta Dal scheme would also be completed soon.

Burdwan Blast: West Bengal under Mamata a safe haven for Jihadis  saysBJPPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 4:37 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 5:34 pm
The BJP Sunday accused the Mamata Banerjee government in West Bengal of turning the state into a safe haven for anti-national and Jihadi activities.
Citing the October 2 blast in Burdwan in West Bengal and alleged recovery of IEDs, mobile devices and Jihadi literature from the house of a TMC worker, the party charged the state government with destroying the evidence and not handing it over to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) for probe.
BJP Secretary Siddharth Nath Singh alleged that the Burdwan police instead of handing over to the NIA the materials recovered, took away the entire evidence and destroyed it.
“Why was the NIA informed almost a day late?” he asked.
Posing questions to Banerjee, he sought clarifications on whether or not the house from where the recoveries were made belonged to a TMC cadre.
“Did it not have a TMC office on the ground floor?” he asked.
Attacking Banerjee, the BJP leader charged her with protecting those who stood accused of laundering money.
“We can safely conclude that West Bengal under Mamata Banerjee’s rule has become a safe haven for anti-national elements and Jihadi activities,” Singh said.
Two suspected militants were killed and another was injured in the explosion in the house where they were living on October 2 in Burdwan town. The CID of West Bengal police is looking into possible involvement of terror outfits like LeT and HuJI in the incident.

Asiad gold proved hockey is still alive in India: OltmansHockey
India’s gold medal in the just-concluded Asian Games after a 16-year hiatus has proved that hockey is “still alive and kicking” in the country which has a rich history in the sport, feels High Performance Director Roelant Oltmans.
A spirited India outclassed arch-rivals Pakistan 4-2 in a nerve-wrecking shoot-out to regain the Asian Games men’s hockey gold medal after a gap of 16 years and also sealed a direct entry into the 2016 Rio Olympic Games.
Before embarking for the Asian Games, there was immense pressure on highly-paid Oltmans and chief coach Terry Walsh to deliver results, but the legendary Dutchman said the performance in Incheon will definitely silence the critics of hockey.
“I never feel pressure. The word pressure in not in my dictionary. I know my job. I know what I am doing and the same way Terry knows what he is doing. It is important that people have faith in us and let us do our work,” Oltmans told PTI in an interview.
“I hope the gold will silence the critics for quite some time now. This gold proves that hockey is still alive and kicking in this country,” he said.
Oltmans, who is in charge of the overall development of Indian hockey, is satisfied with the performance of both the men’s and women’s team, which clinched a bronze in the Asian Games but said there is still lots to improve upon.
“Of course I’m satisfied with the performances. It is close to maximum. We had a chance to win silver in the women’s competition. Both the women’s and men’s teams created a lot of goal scoring chances which tells that we are going in the right direction. But there are plenty of areas to improve,” he said.
The Dutchman, however, warned Indian hockey fans not to get carried away with the gold in the Asian Games as he feels the eight-time Olympic champions have a long way to go to match the likes to Australia, Netherlands and Germany.
“We all have to realise that this was a championship in Asia. In the World Cup we saw how the Asian teams fared. We need to understand that Holland, Germany and Australia are the top three teams in the world and just below them are teams like Argentina, New Zealand, England and we are now a part of the second group.
“The level of Asian hockey now is not up to that mark. The reality is our level right now is not good enough to match the top three teams of the world. What we are looking for is consistency and improvement in the level of our performance and we need to work on these areas so that we are in a position to play and win against the top three teams in the next two years time,” Oltmans said.
India’s defence has been its perennial problem in international tournaments but Oltmans feels the backline fared impressively in the Asian Games.
“There is never a perfect game in hockey. I never found it, we came as close as possible. But in the Asian Games, India proved that it can defend,” he said.
“On the attacking front we could have scored more goals. But overall the structure has improved.”
Oltmans said the 1-2 loss against Pakistan in the pool stage came as a blessing in disguise for India as it motivated the team to go for the kill in the summit clash.
“Immediately after the loss against Pakistan in the pool match, I sat down with the players and analysed the game. I asked them to forget what has happened as in the end, it is the tournament that counts and not one loss,” he said.
The Indian’s men’s hockey team, which returned to the country in the wee hours today, will have a 10-day break before re-assembling for the national camp ahead of its upcoming international assignments, which includes the FIH Champions Trophy in Bhubaneswar in December.

Ntpc will correct upto 128-129 levels. the share has not seen any move...Platinum Member
38 Followers
I have a contra view on this stock, it will move up now that the coal mine allocation details are cleared by Supreme Court. There is a lot of pending coal to be supplied, and there is lot of opportunity for NTPC to shoulder the responsibility for filling the stocks in almost all the power plants. Also the stock has gone up on 1 October and there is a positive sign happening in the coming days. Expect this stock to go up and you can see 150 levels being easily achieved before Diwali.
10.31 AM Oct 6th

Well  since we have access to limited amount of information its not po...511 Followers
Read this article.
Eicher Motors up 9%, Macquarie sees 4-fold rise in earnings Macquarie maintains outperform rating on the stock and raised target price to Rs 13,650 from Rs 9,250 earlier as Eicher is on a growth trajectory with fast growing leisure bikes and commercial vehicle (CV) portfolio on the cusp of a cyclical recovery.
The brokerage raised Royal Enfield (RE) sales volumes estimate for CY15E to 4,35,000 from 4,25,000 and for CY16E to 5,50,000 from 5,25,000. RE sales volumes have tripled over the last three years and even now the company is adding more bookings every month than production. It expects a 45 percent CAGR in bike sales over the next three years driven by a long waitlist across models, production ramp-up post capacity expansion, dealer expansion in India (over 30 percent in CY14E) and export markets and new models launches. As per management, the new model Continental GT has been well received by the market and demand is strong. It sold 26,643 units of RE in August, up 66 percent compared to 16,062 units in same month last year while it reported a 81 percent growth in year-to-date sales (1,92,356 units). In case of its commercial vehicle (CV) business, Macquarie expects the CV industry to enter a growth phase in 2HCY14E led by a pick-up in replacement demand. "We expect Volvo-Eicher CV sales to register a 14 percent CAGR (CY13-16E) led by network expansion and increased product offerings," says the brokerage. Volvo-Eicher CV has launched the Pro range of trucks (GVW of 5T-49T) and Skyline Pro range of buses. The brokerage believes VECV is well placed to benefit from a CV demand revival. As far as its engine business is concerned, the company shipped 2,534 engine long-blocks to Volvo for deployment in Volvo%u2019s products in Europe in 2013 and increased production to 5,830 in 1HCY14. The company has capacity for 25,000 engines.
Even its JV with Polaris (to manufacture passenger vehicles) is also on track for start of production in 2015, says the brokerage. Cash generation from the RE business has supported overall cash in its balance sheet despite substantial investment (around Rs 1,800 crore since commencement) in setting up new capacity. At the end of June-14, the company had net cash of Rs 1,330 crore with cash and current investments forming 23 percent of overall assets. Macquarie feels Volvo-Eicher CV has a healthy balance sheet to support growth initiatives and investment in new products. The brokerage raised its CY14E earnings by 4 percent, CY15E by 10 percent and CY17E by 14 percent.

Dear everytimeluck ji thanks for your info about melstar. ...Reposted about 48 days 10 hrs 44 min 26 sec ago by Sreenu
Dear Sreenu
i am predicting 14 in short run and 20 in medium run
if you can hold this stock for another year or two definately you will be benifited with good price subject to market conditions and company performence.
9.57 AM Oct 7th

Target kaab tak kaa hai bhhaiCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Former Infosys Employee Files New Lawsuit Seeking DamagesYou are here: Home Corporates
Former Infosys Employee Files New Lawsuit Seeking Damages
Reuters | Updated On: October 03, 2014 16:26 (IST)
Adani Power Buys Avantha's Plant for Rs 4,200 Crore
Mumbai: A former Infosys Ltd employee responsible for starting a US investigation into the company's visa practices has filed another lawsuit demanding damages for alleged wrongful termination.
US national Jack Palmer , who was employed by Infosys in Alabama, said in the lawsuit filed on Thursday with a New Jersey court that he had been discriminated against because he flagged that the company was flouting US visa rules.
The lawsuit, seen by Reuters, did not specify how much damages Mr Palmer was seeking. Infosys did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Last year, Infosys paid up $34 million to end an investigation related to the widespread practice by Indian firms of flying workers to client sites in the United States on temporary visas. US authorities had been looking into Infosys' use of visas since 2011.
Mr Palmer had previously tried to take Infosys to court, but his earlier case was dismissed in August 2012.
Employment visas are a politically charged topic in the United States, especially those related to Indian IT services companies that are seen as taking jobs away from Americans.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

In this car  you can take your hands off the steering wheelIn this car, you can take your hands off the steering wheel
Rajesh Kurup
The Volkswagen Passat model with the driver-less technology
Canadian firm Magna working with Volkswagen Passat to develop self-driving cars
Detroit, October 3:  
The Volkswagen Passat CC was cruising at little over 60 km per hour on Interstate-75, when Chris decided to take his hands off the steering wheel. Looking at the long travelled and winding road ahead, my heart skipped a beat.
 At that precise moment, the car’s computers kicked in and started steering it – turning it left, right or keeping it steady – as if a pair of invisible hands was on them. It also automatically accelerated and braked at the right time, oblivious to the other drivers who never noticed anything amiss.
 Welcome to the era of autonomous cars, also called driverless cars or self-driving cars.
 “The intention of building autonomous vehicles is to reduce fatalities…,” says Christopher L. Van Dan Elzen, Director, Machine Vision Systems at Magna Electronics, an operating unit of Canadian auto parts giant Magna International.
“In the US, police record about 6 million accidents every year. Self-driving cars can reduce that by up to 99 per cent,” says Van Dan Elzen, who has been working with radars, lasers and cameras since 1997.
A small camera (akin to a web cam) stuck on the coupe’s front windshield is its eyes, and the image is processed by Mobileye’s EyeQ chip, which helps in real-time visual recognition and scene interpretation. The car is controlled by an onboard automotive computer chip.
During the drive, Chris took his feet off the accelerator and brake pedals as the comfort coupe deftly negotiated an S-curve. The car’s automatic braking is set on a time-based distance (one- or two-second distance), while the car drives through the centre of the lane and maintains the speed and a safe distance from the truck ahead at all times.
Magna, which has been working on the Passat for the past six years, has also been working with General Motors and Honda cars on various models.
The Passat’s computer takes control only when it reaches speeds of 60 kmph. Below this speed, it has to be manually driven. The onboard computer alerts the driver with a beep sound when it takes control or hands it back to him.
Magna is also working on prototypes that can run from start to stop without driver assistance. However, it would be a while before these would be commercially available.
“We are looking at a time-frame of 2025-2030,” he said, adding while the costs would be determined by the manufacturer, “sufficient” data was not available to gauge fuel efficiency.
After a 20-minute drive, Van Dan Elzen takes the control and drives back to the Magna facility. I am a long way from home, but I feel safe in a self-driving car.
(The writer was in Detroit to cover the Battery Show at the invitation of a number of auto firms.)
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Shell suspends Russia shale oil ventureShell suspends Russian shale oil venture with Gazprom Neft
By Jack Farchy in Moscow and Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fc99206c-4b10-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Week in Review  October 4October 3, 2014 6:41 pm
Week in Review, October 4
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/420cf516-4af7-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Head of Citis Banamex unit resignsHead of Citi’s Banamex unit resigns
By Jude Webber in Mexico City and Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/80bfc7da-4b19-11e4-8a0e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Check Your Motivation for the Entrepreneur Lifestylereddit
As a startup advisor, I see many aspiring entrepreneurs whose primary motivation seems to be to work part time, or get rich quick, or avoid anyone else telling them what to do. Let me assure you, from personal experience, and from helping many successful as well as struggling entrepreneurs, that starting a business is hard work, and doesn't come with any of the benefits mentioned.
Yet, for those with more realistic expectations and the right motivation, the entrepreneur lifestyle can be the dream life you envisioned. According to a study by the Wharton School of Business , in a survey of 11,000 MBA graduates over many years, those running their own businesses ranked themselves happier than all other professions, regardless of how much money they made.
So what are the right motivations, and how do you candidly assess your own? Indeed, there are many self-assessment tools available online, but I was more impressed with the insights provided in a new book " What Motivates Me: Put Your Passions to Work ," by Adrian Gostick and Chester Elton. These guys are workplace culture experts, and claim to have input from 850,000 people.
The authors offer portraits of some key individual personality types, such as achiever and thinker, and tie the relevant motivators for business success and happiness to these types. I have amplified these here from my own experiences to focus on the entrepreneurial subset of businesses:
You love doing your own thing and being in control of your destiny. As an achiever, you thrive on tight deadlines, ambitious goals, and leadership challenges. Even in chaotic startup environments, you normally finish required tasks on time and to high standards. Team members see you as high-energy, determined, and action-oriented.
You are driven by a cause or purpose to change the world. As a builder of new things and people development, you are not afraid to speak out on significant issues and world challenges. You cultivate loyal friendships, people growth, and thrive in strong team environments. You see success as making a difference in the world around you.
You are tuned into others' emotions and want to help people. As a caregiver, you understand the problems of others, and are determined to provide solutions which will make their life better. You love to have fun at work, and believe that balancing work and family is critical. People see you as great for demanding customers and team bonding.
You are driven to compete and win in the marketplace. Being reward-driven, you are driven to win money, customers, applause, and the admiration of others. This determined nature can help you accomplish great things in new organizations. You are seen as a doer, but one who needs recognition and incentives to produce your best work.
You simply know there is a better way or solution to the problem. As a thinker, you love to learn, use your imagination, and enjoy the feel of adrenaline rush now and then. You get frustrated with bureaucracy, and won't accept that things have always been done a certain way. Team members see you as the lifeblood of innovation in the organization.
In a critical extension to this thinking, the authors and I would outline another dimension to these personality types and motivators, by defining five motivation grade levels that also impact entrepreneurial motives, actions, and satisfaction:
Level A. Primary motivation is to make a difference in the world, with a secondary motivation of earning a living. These people define their roles in terms of their customers' or employees' or coworkers' needs, not their own.
Level B. Primary motivator becomes making consistent return for stockholders. These are still good people with an intent to provide great products and services, but making a difference takes a back seat. This often happens when a Level A company goes public.
Level C. At this level, it's not just money but the love of money that becomes the primary motivator. Entrepreneurs at this level will seek the minimum cost and quality to be more competitive. Advertising, pricing and support practices may show questionable integrity.
Level D. At this level, greed takes over as the primary motivator. Unethical acts are tolerated, and customers may be treated unfairly or harmed. We all know a corporate giant or two at this level who went out of business in the financial crisis a few years back.
Level F. At the lowest level are those involved in Internet scams, Ponzi schemes, or organized crime. Entrepreneurs motivated to work at this level harm not only themselves, their employees, and customers, but also society in general.
In the long-term, entrepreneurs in Level A are the happiest, successful, and most productive. Certainly we see some Level C and Level D entrepreneurs who appear to be prospering, but appearances can be deceiving and fleeting. Make sure your motivation to be an entrepreneur is more than a dream, and will stand the test of time for you and all the people around you.
Follow Marty Zwilling on Twitter: www.twitter.com/StartupPro
More:

Affordable housing  residential clusters puts Ghaziabad in growth modeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Raina century leads Chennai Super Kings to titleRaina century leads Chennai Super Kings to title
Chennai Super Kings overwhelmed Kolkata Knight Riders by 8 wickets to clinch the Champions League T20 title.
By Abhishek Purohit | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 4 Oct, 2014 10:18 PM IST
Tweet
0
Raina celebrates his century in Bengaluru.Chennai Super Kings 185 for 2 (Raina 109*, McCullum 39) beat Kolkata Knight Riders 180 for 6 (Gambhir 80, Uthappa 39, Negi 5-22) by eight wickets
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Suresh Raina bossed a Kolkata Knight Riders attack without the banned Sunil Narine for his third T20 century to lead Chennai Super Kings to their second Champions League T20 title. Raina's relentless hitting, especially against spin, made light of a target of 181, which was built on the back of Gautam Gambhir's 80. Knight Riders looked good for around 200 after a 91-run opening partnership but left-arm spinner Pawan Negi's 5 for 22 held them back. Given the way Raina blasted six after six, even 200 might not have been enough. The defeat also halted IPL champions Knight Riders' winning streak at 14, an Indian record and second only to Sialkot Stallions.
Super Kings lost Dwayne Smith in the first over of the chase and it was all Raina after that. Almost everything Raina attempted came off. The drives raced in the gaps through the off side. The pulls disappeared behind square. The strike was turned over as if on autopilot.
But it was the sixes that stood out. Raina stepped out and lofted Piyush Chawla and Kuldeep Yadav for six straight sixes. Nearly every time he left the crease, Raina deposited the ball over the boundary.
He survived a stumping chance off Kuldeep on 78 and the bowler Yusuf Pathan put down a difficult, diving chance when Raina was on 88. But both those chances came after Raina had snatched the game from Knight Riders' grasp.
Knight Riders' spinners, led by the absent Narine, had been instrumental in their march to the final but Raina never allowed them to settle down. Kuldeep, Chawla, Suryakumar Yadav and Yusuf went for a collective 1 for 137 in 13.3 overs.
Raina's hundred came off 59 balls, and he put on 118 with Brendon McCullum in 12.2 overs. The New Zealand captain was not in great touch, but swept his way to a vital 39 off 30.
MS Dhoni promoted himself and hit the winning runs, but his more vital contribution had come earlier, when he won the toss and chose to field. With the dew starting to come down and both captains understandably wanting to chase. Dhoni had said at the toss that the pitch looked better than previous Bangalore surfaces in the tournament. It proved to be a nice batting surface, and only got better for the batsmen as the bowlers progressively lost bite with the dew.
Gambhir and Robin Uthappa put on 91 in under 11 overs. Uthappa's timing was terrific yet again but Gambhir stepped up after having had a lean tournament. Pulling, cutting, steering and slogging boundaries, Gambhir raced to 80 off 52 before holing out off Ravindra Jadeja in the 17th over.
Negi, playing only his second match of the tournament, had already removed Uthappa and Jacques Kallis in successive overs, deceiving both with plenty of flight and turn. With Dwayne Bravo taken for 18 runs in the 16th over and Ashish Nehra going for 20 in the 18th, Dhoni handed the 19th to Negi with R Ashwin and Mohit Sharma having an over left each.
Negi gave away two runs, including a wide, in the over, and took out Manish Pandey , Ryan ten Doeshcate and Suryakumar. Yusuf took 19 more off Nehra in the 20th to make it 62 off the last five, but Raina was unstoppable in the night.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Raid-de-Himalaya flagged offA view of the Spiti valley en route to Leh. Bikers and car drivers will be zooming over six days on tracks laid out for the Raid-de- Himalaya, which was kicked off on Saturday. File photo: Uthra Ganesan
TOPICS
Shimla
Maruti Suzuki Raid-de-Himalaya 2014 was flagged off from here on Saturday. The six-day motor sport event is set to cover a total distance of 2,200 km, travelling through some of the most picturesque locations in the Spiti valley and Himachal Pradesh.
The rallyists would cross through places like Shimla, Manali, Kaza, Chandra Basin, Gramphoo, Patseo, Sarchu, Baralacha La, Nakee La and Darcha.
Around 150 teams, including women teams, both in the Extreme and Adventure category, are participating. A number of foreign nationals will also be seen rushing through the tracks on bikes as well as cars.
Adding attraction to the rally, actor and producer Sohail Khan, younger brother of actor Salman Khan, would also be participating and will be seen driving a Maruti Gypsy in the Adventure category, said the organisers.
Known as one of the top 10 toughest motorsport rallies of the world, the 16th Maruti Suzuki Raid De Himalaya will be run in compliance with the International Sporting Code of the FIA, National Competition Rules (NCR) and General Prescriptions of the FMSCI.

Sunday ET | Paper Boat rocks soft drinks marketHow Hector Beverages' Paper Boat is making waves in a cluttered soft drinks market
Rajiv Singh, ET Bureau Oct 5, 2014, 05.57AM IST
Tags:
James Nuttall
(Paper Boat started with…)
What happens when friends start sailing in a ship? "The ship turns into a boat called friendship," says Neeraj Kakkar, CEO of Hector Beverages, the makers of energy drink Tzinga and traditional beverage brand Paper Boat.
In April 2011, four friends — Neeraj Kakkar, Suhas Misra, Neeraj Biyani and James Nuttall — decided to take the bull by the horns. Hector Beverages, their Gurgaon-based startup, rolled out Tzinga in Delhi and Bangalore for Rs 20 per 200-ml pack — almost one-fifth of the cost of the biggest energy drink brand in the market, Red Bull (Rs 95). It hit bull's eye, well, sort of.
In a short span, Tzinga became the second-largest energy drink brand in the country. "It's the largest brand in Bangalore and the north east. But overall Red Bull is far, far ahead of us," acknowledges Kakkar.
With the bull yet to be tamed, distribution cost of Tzinga kept increasing. Limited variants of the energy drink meant the company could not optimize the distribution cost to the fullest and breakeven looked a remote possibility.
"So we needed more production options," recalls Kakkar. The friends started brainstorming. Kakkar and Nuttall, who studied together at Wharton Business School, UPenn, hit upon an idea of a version of vitamin water or another energy drink. "We wanted to copy what was successful in America," adds 39-year-old Kakkar.
The idea didn't materialize. But on one hot summer day, when all of them were having lunch together, Nuttall decided to make aam panna. "Misra used to get aam panna made by his mother, and it was terrific. That was the genesis of Paper Boat," says Kakkar.
Paper Boat has had a dream run over the past seven months. With over 1.5 million packs going off the shelves every month, it is selling more than Tzinga. To meet demand, Hector is setting up a plant in Mysore. While the current facility in Manesar produces 80 bottles per minute, the Mysore plant will turn out 220 bottles per minute from March 2015.
  Setting Sail
Paper Boat started with two variants in August 2013: aam panna and jaljeera; these were followed by aamras, kalakhatta, kokum, golgappe ka pani and imli. Another five variants will be launched next month and five more will occupy the shelves early next year. Kakkar and his team have mapped the traditional beverages of all states and plan to roll out a lot more variants after firmly establishing at least 25.
Aam panna and jaljeera sound logical. But golgappe ka pani? "There is a story behind it," says Kakkar, adding that there is little in common between his mother and wife. "The only common trait is they have golgappas at a stall and both have a plea: 'bhaiya thoda aur pani dena'," he says bursting into laughter.
"This is phenomenal — how two women who have nothing much in common behave in such a similar manner!" Are there more stories? Indeed, there are. "Paper Boat is all about stories and memories," says Kakkar, who quit his job at Coca-Cola when he was 33 and went abroad to pursue an MBA.
His father was quite upset and Kakkar's in-laws thought their daughter's future was doomed. "My father didn't speak to me for about a year," he says.
It was only when Kakkar showed his father a picture along with Infosys co-founder NR Narayana Murthy that he started talking. In March 2011, Murthy's venture capital firm Catamaran and Bangalore-based Footprint Ventures invested Rs 6 crore in Hector Beverages.
Josh Bornstein, managing partner at Footprint Ventures, was completely sold on Hector and was convinced that Kakkar and his friends were on the right path with Tzinga.
"We knew India would be more interested in a fortified functional drink than carbonated stuff," he says. "And how many people make aam panna at home," he asks, adding there is a huge pent-up demand for ethnic beverages.
The Right Anchor
VT Bharadwaj, managing director at Sequoia Capital, found the idea of traditional drinks so captivating that he wanted to become a part of the Paper Boat story. Hector raised $8 million in a second round of funding in May 2013 from Sequoia. The existing investors also took part in the funding.
"I said OMG when I heard their Paper Boat plan," recalls Bharadwaj. "We have had ample examples of regional food but nobody ever thought of drinks which could make waves in the beverage market."
According to industry estimates, the fortified functional drink market (non-carbonated) is set to touch Rs 1,080 crore next year. Though it is still roughly just a tenth of the Rs 10,000 crore carbonated soft drinks market, analysts say the speed at which people are moving towards healthier beverage options augurs well for Paper Boat.

Asian Games 2014: Austerity drive earns brickbats but thrift could be way forwardPresident National Olympics Committee of Indonesia Rita Subowo (right) and Mayor of Incheon Yoo Jeong-bok during the closing ceremony in Incheon on Saturday. (Source: AP)
Written by Mihir Vasavda | Incheon | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:46 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 8:36 am
Every day, thousands of visitors touch down at the Incheon International Airport — one of the world’s busiest — and immediately embark on a half-hour journey to Seoul.
For the last two weeks, though, the organisers have been striving to keep those people in the port city, having miserably failed to draw them from the capital. But as the Incheon Games drew to a close with an underwhelming closing ceremony on Saturday, one wondered if the organisers had taken their austerity drive a bit too far.
Incheon has given an impression of a city that is desperate to throw a lavish party but just does not have enough cash to buy the booze. For the locals, the Asian Games began with the football quarterfinal between South Korea and Japan and ended with the baseball final. There has been almost zero crowd involvement in other sports.
The conduct has drawn criticism from several quarters. The local media has called the Games a ‘bloated school sports day,’ while a Japanese official played with fire by calling Korea a ‘developing nation’ for the way it has conducted the event. Yasuhiro Nakamori, a spokesman for the Japanese delegation, was so incensed after realising that the football training venue did not have a locker room that he said, “we are used to it because most training venues at developing countries are like this.”
Tubagus Ade Lukman, chef de mission of next Asian Games’ hosts Indonesia, called the transport facilities second-rate. “As someone who attended both the Doha and Guangzhou Games, I would say that both were better than this year’s Asiad,” he was quoted as saying by the local media. “Transportation was especially second-rate.”
The organisers have been on the defensive throughout. “I do acknowledge the problems and apologize,” Kwon Kyung-sang, secretary general of the Organizing Committee, said. “But the criticism that the international sporting event had degenerated into a school sports day is very insulting.”
You tend to empathise with Kwon. As a branding exercise, the Games have had their moments. In 1986, the event gave Seoul the platform to host a successful Olympics two years later. Doha’s 2006 Games were seen as a significant step in Qatar’s international ambitions, laying the foundation for the country’s successful bid to hold soccer’s World Cup in 2022.
For Incheon, a city with continental ambitions and financial problems, it was crucial that the Games succeeded. But they have had a hard time selling these Games to the locals, who are still mourning the loss of hundreds of lives in a boat tragedy.
Incheon serves as the gateway to Korea and the Han River separates it from its sister-city Seoul. Ferries ply between Incheon and several cities dotted along the coastline.
Sadly, one of these ships, the MV Sewol, departed from Incheon last April with a course set for the outlying continued…
we are used to it because most training venues at developing countries are like this

Sanju Samson  Karn Sharma go off radarPrint
Written by Bharat Sundaresan | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:15 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 9:01 am
As the sun set elegantly over the Cricket Club of India on Friday, and just before the members could drag out their wicker chairs, Sanju Samson and Karn Sharma sat soaking in the limelight. The duo had just played their parts in India A’s comprehensive win over the visiting West Indians in the first of two practice games. And with the ODI series less than a week ago, the official broadcasters had decided to snap up the two newest faces of the Indian national team for a little chat in front of the camera.
Not far away, stood Sandeep Patil and the rest of his national selection committee in the middle of an intense tete-a-tete with coach Lalchand Rajput. Less than 24 hours later, both Karn and Samson had been demoted again. They were back among the second-string and no longer the immediate future of Indian cricket.
Patil & Co had decided that they had seen enough of Karn, who played in the solitary T20 at Edgbaston, and Samson, who didn’t get a single game in England. In their places came an untested greenhorn, Kuldeep Yadav, who’s yet to appear in a competitive 50-over contest at the senior level, and a seasoned veteran in Amit Mishra who made his ODI debut a decade ago.
To his credit, Karn did make an impression on international debut with four tight overs and the wicket of Joe Root. And for long now, Samson has been touted to be good enough to be played as a batsman rather than be singled out as a reserve wicket-keeper.
Or that was the basis of his selection to England in the first place. Moreover neither Karn nor Samson has played any cricket of note between the England tour and now to prove that their cricketing credentials have transformed in any way.
Mishra, known quantity
If the five-match ODI series against Dwayne Bravo’s West Indian visitors is an opportunity to weigh-in their options going into the World Cup next year, the selection of Mishra is the strangest, considering how proven a commodity the 31-year-old leg-spinner is in the present mix.
In all likelihood, it will be the leg-spinner who will lead the spin attack in the absence of R Ashwin with Ravindra Jadeja for support.
Where does that leave Yadav then? Picked on a punt and on the back of a few eye-catching performances in the CLT20 for KKR, the chinaman bowler is unlikely to get a look-in straight away, and could well end up warming the bench ala Samson and Karn in England.
The ambiguity regarding the ODI team selection doesn’t end there. It extends beyond the spin attack and seeps into the pace squadron. In England, both Dhawal Kulkarni and Umesh Yadav played an ODI each. Kulkarni bowled seven overs and conceded 35 runs while Yadav bowled six overs for 46. But somehow the selectors felt the Vidarbha pacer had done enough in those half-a-dozen overs to keep his place in the side, leaving Kulkarni in the lurch.
By leaving out Stuart Binny, they’ve also indicated continued…
Patil & Co had decided that they had seen enough of Karn and Samson

Here are a bunch of awful things vice presidents have said about being No. 2By Jaime Fuller October 3 Follow @j_fuller
Vice President Biden, right, walking near St. Michael's Cathedral in Kiev, Ukraine, Tuesday, April. 22, 2014. Biden warned Russia on Tuesday that "it's time to stop talking and start acting" to reduce tension in Ukraine, offering a show of support for the besieged nation as an international agreement aimed at stemming its ongoing crisis appeared in doubt. (AP Photo/Sergei Chuzavkov)
On Thursday night, Vice President Biden joked with a fellow vice president -- albeit of the Harvard student body, not the United States -- that the job was " a bitch ."
And while Biden's language was certainly colorful, he was far from the first in his position to express reservations about the gig, which no child has ever dreamed of being when they grow up. Here's a short, sad introduction to the long history of vice presidential grumping and making-fun-of-vice-presidents, beginning with our country's founding. It is sure to make all the vice presidents out there feel less than fuzzy inside.
John Adams, the first vice president: "I am Vice President. In this I am nothing, but I may be everything." 
John Adams, the first person to utterly despise the vice presidency : "My country has in its wisdom contrived for me the most insignificant office that ever the invention of man contrived or his imagination conceived."
Founding father Roger Sherman : "If the vice-President were not to be President of the Senate, he would be without employment." 
Former vice president Thomas R. Marshall : "Once there were two brothers. One ran away to sea; the other was elected vice president of the United States. And nothing was heard of either of them again."
Teddy Roosevelt, before becoming vice president : "I would a great deal rather be anything, say professor of history, than Vice-President." (He also said that the position is "not a steppingstone to anything except oblivion.")
Former vice president John Nance Garner : “The vice presidency is not worth a bucket of warm piss.” (He also said taking the job was “the worst damn fool mistake I ever made.”)
Former vice president Harry Truman : "Look at all the Vice Presidents in history. Where are they? They were about as useful as a cow's fifth teat."
An aide describes LBJ's vice presidency: "It was a time of deprivation. He grew very fat and drank a lot. He took up some golf, I recall, but not with enthusiasm."
Former vice president Nelson Rockefeller discusses former vice president LBJ : "The 'real shocker,' he relates, was an encounter with an 'absolutely frustrated, absolutely furious' Lyndon Johnson in a hotel room in Miami where 'nobody was paying attention to him.'"
Former vice president Spiro Agnew : "It is a damned peculiar situation to be in, to have authority and a title and responsibility with no real power to do anything. I think it is the hardest adjustment for a man to make."
Former vice president Walter Mondale : "Over most of America's history, the vice president has been standby equipment."
A 1983 article on White House cats published in The Washington Post noted that, "being feline at the White House is only a little worse than being vice president."
Source: The Washington Post
Former vice president Dan Quayle : "The job is just awkward, an awkward job."
Dick Cheney, eight years before he became vice president: "It's an uncomfortable position to be in. The vice president is there sort of as an overall generalist. ... He's here as the president's understudy, in a sense."
Presidential historian Arthur Schlesinger Jr .: "The vice presidency became a resting place for mediocrities."
And finally...
A character on "Veep" to one of Selina Meyer's staffers : "You're the secretary to the vice president. That's like being Garfunkel's roadie, okay?"
Correction: An earlier version of this post referenced founding father Robert Sherman; his name is Roger Sherman. 
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

Top telcos hike mobile internet rates by up to 100% in June-SeptTop telcos hike mobile internet rates by up to 100% in June-Sept
PTI
Telecom operators have raised mobile internet rates up to 100 per cent in June-September period. Phoo: Nissar Ahmed
New Delhi, Oct 5:  
Telecom operators have raised mobile internet rates up to 100 per cent in June-September period across country.
Airtel is latest to increase mobile internet rates by up to 33 per cent while Vodafone and Idea have started gradually implementing the increased mobile internet rates from June.
The three companies jointly hold around 57 per cent mobile services market share.
While no comments were received from Airtel and Idea Cellular, Vodafone India spokesperson said “Around 2 months ago, we changed the base tariff of 2G for 1GB pack from Rs 155 to Rs 175. This has been carried out in a phased manner across circles.”
Airtel and Idea too have increased the rate of 1GB 2G mobile internet pack to around Rs 175 from about Rs 155 GB.
Telecom operators generally don’t make public announcement about increase in mobile tariff. The change is noticed on their website after the new rates are implemented.
They generally inform their post paid customer through SMS about change in rates of services before their next billing cycle starts.
Pre-paid customers, which constitutes over 90 per cent of market, get to know about rate revision when they go to recharge their mobile phone or through website of companies.
Telecom operators are required to report change in tariff to telecom regulator TRAI.
Vodafone and Idea Cellular increased rack rate, charged without any offer or scheme, by up to 100 per cent from 2 paise per 10 kb of data usage to 4 paise per 10 kb.
This means on Vodafone and Idea network 1 GB of 2G or 3G mobile internet will cost over Rs 4,000 (from Rs 2,000) which these companies under scheme are selling for around Rs 175.
Airtel started increasing mobile internet rates around first week of September. The company is now at par with Vodafone and Idea in terms of rack rate which is 4 paise per 10 kb. However, the increase is only of 33 per cent because the company was already charging 3 paise per 10 kb earlier.
The 2G data pack rate of Airtel is highest among the three at 10 paise per 10 kb which means cost of 1GB mobile internet usage without any scheme or offer for a subscriber is over Rs 10,000 which company is now selling for Rs 176.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Surfing Internet on mobiles gets costlier as telcos hike rates by 100%Leading telcos hike mobile internet rates by up to 100%
PTI Oct 6, 2014, 05.30AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Airtel is latest to increase…)
NEW DELHI: Telecom operators have raised mobile internet rates up to 100% in June-September period across country. Airtel is latest to increase mobile rates by up to 33% while Vodafone and Idea have started gradually implementing the increased mobile internet rates from June.
The three companies jointly hold around 57% mobile services market share. While no comments were received from Airtel and Idea Cellular, Vodafone India spokesperson said "Around 2 months ago, we changed the base tariff of 2G for 1GB pack from Rs 155 to Rs 175. This has been carried out in a phased manner across circles." Airtel and Idea, too, have increased the rate of 1GB 2G mobile internet pack to around Rs 175 from about Rs 155.
Telecom operators generally don't make public announcement about increase in mobile tariff. The change is noticed on their website after the new rates are implemented. They generally inform their post-paid customer through SMS about change in rates of services before their next billing cycle starts. Pre-paid customers, which constitutes over 90% of market, get to know about rate revision when they go to recharge their mobile phone or through website of companies.
Telecom operators are required to report change in tariff to telecom regulator Trai. Vodafone and Idea Cellular increased rack rate, charged without any offer or scheme, by up to 100% from 2 paise per 10 kb of data usage to 4 paise per 10 kb. This means on Vodafone and Idea network 1 GB of 2G or 3G mobile internet will cost over Rs 4,000 (from Rs 2,000) which these companies under scheme are selling for around Rs 175.
Airtel started increasing mobile internet rates around first week of September. The company is now at par with Vodafone and Idea in terms of rack rate which is 4 paise per 10 kb.
However, the increase is only of 33% because the company was already charging 3 paise per 10 kb earlier. The 2G data pack rate of Airtel is highest among the three at 10 paise per 10 kb which means cost of 1GB mobile internet usage without any scheme or offer for a subscriber is over Rs 10,000 which company is now selling for Rs 176
FEATURED ARTICLES

Employees of general insurers may get profit-linked incentiveEmployees of general insurers may get profit-linked incentive
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 5:  
The 66,000-odd employees of four state-owned non-life insurers are likely to get profit-linked incentives, effective August 2012, as part of their new wage proposal even though the management and unions are yet to iron out thorny issues on wage hike.
A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting which was held by General Insurance (PSU) Association (GIPSA), which is the group of the four state-run general insurers, in New Delhi on September 29 to discuss the ongoing wage negotiations. The meeting was attended by HR heads of all the companies, a GIPSA official told PTI.
“We agreed that since all the four companies — New India (Mumbai), United India (Chennai), National Insurance (Kolkata) and Oriental Insurance (New Delhi) — together registered a profit of over Rs 2,000 crore in FY14, the profit-linked incentive can be implemented for their employees,” an association official said.
As per the norm, any company which has generated profit of over Rs 200 crore is eligible to offer PLIs to its employees.
These firms registered net income of an average of Rs 600-700 crore the last fiscal, he claimed.
The HR heads who attended the meeting, held by GIPSA chief executive officer Nawang Topdan, included P Nayak of New India, R K Deka of United India, AK Brahma of National Insurance and E Senthil Kumar of Oriental Insurance.
The association has also agreed to consider appointments on compassionate grounds, as the government has implemented the scheme merely a week back.
“We have already written to the government on the employees’ demand for one more option of pension. If government agrees on this scheme, around 15,000 employees of the general insurers are likely to get benefited out of it,” the official said.
However, the row continues between the management and the unions on the issue of wage hike.
While the managements have agreed on a 10.5 per cent hike, the unions have rejected the offer and are demanding 40 per cent hike.
Already, two wage negotiations were held with union leaders on September 15 and January 29.
When contacted, a leader of Bharatiya Veema Karamchari Sena said, “Companies get huge investment income which almost nullifies their underwriting losses. Hence, we are of the view that the management shouldn’t mix up PLI with wage revision.”
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Get real time update for EPFO account from O...You are here: Home > Collections > Epfo
EPFO's subscribers to get account update in real time from October 16
PTI Oct 5, 2014, 11.34AM IST
Tags:
Employees' Provident Fund Organisation
(The Universal Account Number…)
NEW DELHI: Over four crore subscribers of the retirement fund body EPFO would be able to access their provident fund accounts online on real time basis using a dedicated members' web portal from October 16.
The Universal Account Number (UAN) member's portal will help Employees' Provident Fund Organisation's (EPFO) to monitor whether their employers are depositing their PF contributions.
The UAN members' portal is likely to be launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 16, a senior official said adding that in the first phase the members' accounts would be accessible and become portable for lifetime.
As the UAN will be a portable account, the formal sector workers would not have to apply for transfer of PF accounts on changing jobs.
The official said that eventually the EPFO would provide more value added services like paperless settlement of provident fund withdrawal claims like during retirement and fixing of pension after attaining the age of 58 years.
According to him, the EPFO is on track to complete the seeding of over four crore UANs issued in the last week of July this year.
As per the information uploaded on the website of the EPFO, there are 4.18 crore contributing members who are employed in 4.3 lakh different firms across the country.
At present, EPFO has already captured bank account details in respect of 2.04 crore employees, PAN details of 92.94 lakh employees and Aadhar number in respect of 35.4 lakh workers.
The official said that in order to improve the quality of service under the UAN programme, at least bank account number of all the members need to be seeded with portable PF accounts as this would make the PF withdrawal and other claims settlements less time consuming.
EPFO has recently made it mandatory for firms to provide their employees' bank account numbers with IFSC code of bank branch to facilitate allotment of universal PF account number and payment to its subscribers.
As per an office order, the firms would have to furnish the information regarding the core banking account number with IFSC code of the bank branch in respect of existing members by October 15.
FEATURED ARTICLES

24/7 Wall St.: The most popular beers in the worldTweet
Globally, for every glass of wine consumed, two bottles of beer are consumed. In the United States, drinkers consumed nearly 122 liters (about 258 pints) of beer in 2012, while consuming just 10.4 liters (about 22 pints) of wine. The United States is the 14th highest consumer of beer and the 56th highest consumer of wine.
China is the world’s largest market for beer, and China’s Snow lager is the best-selling beer in the world, pumping out 103 million hectoliters (about 2.7 billion gallons). The second best-selling beer in the world is China’s Tsingtao at 52.5 million hectoliters (about 1.4 billion gallons). China also accounts for the sixth and eighth best-selling beers in the world.
The United States places three brews in the top 10 best-sellers: Bud Light at number two and Budweiser at number three, both from Anheuser-Busch InBev (NYSE: BUD), and Coors Light from Molson Coors Brewing Co. (NYSE: TAP) at number 10. Perhaps surprisingly, Corona, where ownership of the brand is split between AB InBev and Constellation Brands Inc. (NYSE: STZ), does not make the top 10. Constellation owns the brewery in Piedras Negras near the Texas border and has perpetual rights to the Corona and Modelo brands in the United States. AB InBev owns the rights in the rest of the world.
The data come from a report at CompareCamp.com.
ALSO READ: States That Drink the Most Beer
Of the 10 countries we identified as the heaviest drinking countries in the world, the Czech Republic (number nine) is the world’s top consumer of beer at nearly 239 bottles per capita (633 milliliters, or about 21.4 ounces per bottle) and Romania (number five) ranks 10th in beer consumption with about 131 bottles per capita. At 14th, every person in the United States drinks 122 bottles of beer.
Here’s the list of the world’s top 10 brews by country of origin and brewer:
Snow (China; SABMiller/China Resources Enterprise Ltd. joint venture)
Tsingtao (China; Tsingtao Brewery)
Bud Light (U.S.; AB InBev)
Budweiser (U.S.; AB InBev)
Yanjing (China; Yanjing Beer Corp.)
Heineken (Netherlands; Heineken)
Brahma (Brazil; AB InBev)
Coors Light (U.S.; Molson Coors)
The Wall Street Journal reported recently that AB InBev is preparing an offer of as much as $122 billion to acquire SABMiller, the second largest brewer in the world. A tie-up between the world’s two largest brewers would almost certainly result in the sale of SABMiller’s MillerCoors joint venture in the United States and AB InBev’s joint venture with China Resources. Even so, about one of every three beers consumed in the world would be an Anheuser-Busch InBev beer.

Amazing new maps of the ocean floorThe Sea
October 5, 2014
The disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 showed just how large the ocean is and how little we know of it. In fact, we know 100 times more  (pdf, pg.121) about the topography of Mars than we do about the bottom of our oceans.
But we know a little more now: researchers from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography at UC San Diego and their partners were able to map the ocean floor in greater detail , coupling existing data with newly acquired gravitational measurements from the European Space Agency’s (ESA) CryoSat-2 and NASA’s Jason-1 satellites.
David Sandwell, the lead author of the study, tells Quartz via email that the improvements in mapping the ocean are akin to the difference between ordinary television and HDTV: “From a distance the two images look the same but as you get closer you can now see the seams of the football or the blades of grass in the HDTV but not the old analog TV.”
So what’s new? Previously, ships capable of mapping seabeds tended not to go to areas where there’s less biodiversity or older geological structures (like the southern hemisphere or away from seafloor ridges). So where information on those regions had been scarce, the satellites’ data was able to map them. Among never-before-seen seabed features, Sandwell and his team saw thousands of volcanoes on the seafloor and an 800-km extinct propagating ridge in the South Atlantic ocean.
Here are some maps researchers created using data from the satellites:
Tap image to zoom
(Scripps Institution of Oceanography)
The image above is that of the North Atlantic seafloor and the colors represent the strengths of gravity’s pull, Sandwell tells Quartz. The blue areas have low pulls of gravity, green areas have a normal pull  (pdf), and red areas—where earthquakes greater than a 5.5 magnitude have occurred and which follow seafloor ridges—have even greater gravitational pull. The colors also show where seafloor structures, like undersea mountains are located.
This is the vertical gradient version of the North Atlantic seafloor, which mainly reflects the topography of the ocean floor. The black and white creases are fracture zones created by seafloor spreading over 180 million years ago.
Tap image to zoom
(Scripps Institution of Oceanography)
This image of the Indian Ocean “triple junction” shows the intersection of three major plates: the African plate (left), Australian plate (right), and Antarctic plate (bottom). Like the vertical gradient map of the North Atlantic seafloor, the red and blue colors represent fracture zones.
According to Sandwell, the new mapping capability is important for a variety of reasons:
Public interest: The data will be used by Google Earth, which also shows views of the ocean, to provide information and a shape for what the ocean floors look like.
Scientific discovery: The information is a breakthrough in understanding geological processes of the sea floor and allows others to remake the continental fragments of tectonic history.
Military usage: The military could use this data for “inertial navigation” to correctly navigate where a missile or submarine is to go.
Exploration potential: This data could be used as a reconnaissance tool for petroleum exploration by finding where the sedimentary bases are located.
Share this:

Delhi Metro Pips Bangkok MTW  Ranks Number Two Among World MetrosThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Approaching typhoon hits rescue at Japan volcano siteThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM s help sought for Ambedkar s UK propertyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Punjab govt to launch scheme for toilets in rural areasPress Trust of India | Kambo | Posted: October 5, 2014 5:12 pm
Aiming to ensure better sanitation and hygiene, Punjab government will launch a new programme for constructing a toilet in every rural house.
“The state government will soon launch a new scheme for constructing toilets in every rural household. This scheme will be implemented from the next fiscal year to benefit the rural populace”, said Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal.
Badal said he had directed the concerned officers to complete the necessary formalities in this regard.
The Chief Minister also said he would soon conduct “Sangat Darshan” programmes in border villages of the state to boost the pace of overall development there.
Under the “Sangat Darshan” programmes, Badal meets people to redress their grievances.
The state government would soon chalk out a multi pronged strategy to ensure the overall development of the border districts in the state, he said.
Badal said he would take up issues being faced by people residing in border areas with the Union government.
The Chief Minister assured the people, who were affected by heavy rains in the region, would be duly compensated for the damage caused.
He said the Deputy Commissioner would conduct surveys following which the compensation would be awarded to the aggrieved people.
Badal also announced that the process of identifying the remaining beneficiaries of the New Atta Dal scheme would also be completed soon.

Telecom Firms Hike Mobile Internet Rates by up to 100% in July-SeptemberAdani Power Buys Avantha's Plant for Rs 4,200 Crore
New Delhi: Telecom operators increased mobile internet rates by up to 100 per cent during June-September 2014 across the country.
Airtel is latest to increase mobile rates by up to 33 per cent while Vodafone and Idea have started gradually implementing the hiked mobile internet rates from June.
The three companies jointly hold around 57 per cent of the mobile services market share.
While no comments were received from Airtel and Idea Cellular, Vodafone India spokesperson said, "Around 2 months ago, we changed the base tariff of 2G for 1GB pack from Rs 155 to Rs 175. This has been carried out in a phased manner across circles."
Airtel and Idea too have increased the rate of 1GB 2G mobile internet pack to around Rs 175 from about Rs 155 GB.
Telecom operators generally don't make public announcement about increase in mobile tariff. The change is noticed on their website after the new rates are implemented. They usually inform their post-paid customers through SMS about change in rates of services before their next billing cycle starts.
Pre-paid customers, which constitute over 90 per cent of market, get to know about rate revision when they go to recharge their mobile phone or through website of companies.
Telecom operators are required to report change in tariff to the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI).
Vodafone and Idea Cellular increased rack rate, which is charged without any offer or scheme, by up to 100 per cent from 2 paise per 10 kb of data usage to 4 paise per 10 kb.
This means on Vodafone and Idea network 1 GB of 2G or 3G mobile internet will cost over Rs 4,000 (from Rs 2,000) which these companies under scheme are selling for around Rs 175.
Airtel started increasing mobile internet rates around first week of September. The company is now at par with Vodafone and Idea in terms of rack rate which is 4 paise per 10 kb. However, the increase is only of 33 per cent because the company was already charging 3 paise per 10 kb earlier.
The 2G data pack rate of Airtel is highest among the three at 10 paise per 10 kb which means cost of 1GB mobile internet usage without any scheme or offer for a subscriber is over Rs 10,000 which company is now selling for Rs 176.
Story first published on: October 05, 2014 16:56 (IST)

Narendra Modi attacks Sharad Pawar  says he has no qualities of ShivajiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rajkumar Santoshi yet to finalisecastIt is being said that cancer survivor Manisha Koirala is likely to make a comeback with the film.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 5:41 pm
Director Rajkumar Santoshi, whose last venture “Phata Poster Nikhla Hero” came out in 2013, is planning to direct again, but is yet to finalise the film’s cast.
It is being said that cancer survivor Manisha Koirala is likely to make a comeback with the film, but a source close to Santoshi said he was yet to take the final call.
“Nothing has been finalised. Talks are on it would be wrong to comment on this at this point of time,” said the source.
Santoshi had teamed up with Manisha for his 2001 film “Lajja”.

The complete guide to organizing a second-hand weddingAnother way to save on costs.(Reuters/Kim Hong-Ji)
SHARE
Annalisa Merelli @missanabeem
October 5, 2014
If you’re getting married next year, you’re probably already starting to think about it. Weddings have always been expensive, and at least in America, are getting more so . And although there is evidence that a big fat wedding may help you have a  longer, better marriage,  today’s young adults may have serious trouble affording to celebrate their love with all the splendor and extravagance it deserves.
Luckily, thanks to the internet, there’s another way.
The ring
Engagement rings are a large portion of a wedding budget. And though De Beers convinced everyone that diamonds are forever, they are  not a particularly sound investment , nor a necessarily ethical one. Sites such as Have You Seen The Ring  sell used—or as they’re genteelly known these days, “pre-owned”—engagement rings for a fraction of their value.
This may not be for the superstitious, but let’s be practical—you can’t blame a failed marriage or engagement on the ring, can you?
Tap image to zoom
Pear estate ring, valued at $55,000 and sold for $24,000 on Have You Seen The Ring.
In any case, not all rings for sale denote a failed relationship. According to Leslie Johnson, the website’s head of marketing, people sell their diamonds following a divorce, but also to finance education or health expenses, or when they inherit a jewel, or want to get a bigger diamond.
On average, rings on the site sell for about half their estimated retail value. Recently, a Tiffany’s engagement ring that retails for $22,000 was sold for $12,000 and an heirloom diamond ring valued at $55,000 was bought for $24,000.
The wedding dress
Few items of clothing—in fact, few items of anything—are covered in as much myth as the wedding dress. A dress is said to be like true love: Once you’ve found the one, you know it. And just like true love, it’s not easy to attain. What if you can’t get it in a size that fits? Or the if one you want is out of your league? Moreover, unlike rings, wedding dresses are supposed to be kept but never worn again—quite impractical.
Tap image to zoom
Valentino—retails new for $9,950, listed for $6,500 on Pre-Owned Wedding Dresses.(Image via Pre-Owned Wedding Dresses)
In 2004, Josie Daga wanted to sell her dress and couldn’t find a way to do it. She unfruitfully tried everything from eBay to consignment stores before setting up her own marketplace,  Pre-Owned Wedding Dresses . On the site, owners list their dresses for a $25 fee (there’s no commission on the sale) and set their asking price. Discounts on the original purchase price vary from under 10% to over 80%, though they average about 50%.
Tap image to zoom
Elie Saab—retails new for $18,000; listed for $7,300 on Pre-Owned Wedding Dresses.(Image via Pre-Owned Wedding Dresses)
In 10 years the site has grown to have 25,000 active listings at any given moment. Daga says that about a third of those that are listed with detailed information, and reasonably priced, sell within weeks. It helps if the actual dress has been advertised in bridal magazines and the brand is well-known.
Tap image to zoom
Oscar de la Renta; retails new at $7,999, listed for $1,800.(Image via Pre-Owned Wedding Dresses)
Daga says most people who sell a dress want to recover part of the cost of a very indulgent purchase  (some of the sellers, she says, list the dress even before wearing it, to be sure to sell it right after their ceremony) and don’t think they can hand it down to daughters or nieces. Some say they just want to share the joy with another woman,  such as Mara , who listed her $4,200 Jim Hjelm dress for $2,100:
I know that I will never wear it again and I would love if someone had the opportunity to feel the way I did on my wedding day.
However, the motives for buying a pre-owned dress go well beyond savings. In some cases, the dress isn’t available in a country (as in the case of the Monique Lhuillier gown  that traveled 17,000 miles , from California to Sierra Leone to Australia), while in others, there may not be enough time for the fitting, as with  the Baracci dress  worn by Real Housewives of Atlanta‘s Kim Zolciak.
But savings are clearly a big concern. Although the site has seen listings up to $30,000 (for another Baracci, originally priced at $85,000, which Beyoncé wore in her Best Thing I Never Had video), the years of biggest growth for the portal were 2008 and 2009, the years of the US financial crisis, when the site’s volume of transactions increased 120% each year.
Other sites, though with a smaller stock, compete with Daga’s. One such is Nearly Newlywed , which launched in 2012. It’s based on a consignment-store model; the site keeps 25% of the price paid for the dress. The dresses for sale cost up to $10,000, and some of them are gowns made famous by show business, such as one of the dresses worn by Sarah Jessica Parker as Carrie Bradshaw in her Sex and The City bridal photo shoot .
Tap image to zoom
Oscar de la Renta—retails new at $17,000; listed for $6,500 in Nearly Newlywed.(Image via Nearly Newlywed)
The bridesmaids’ dresses
Silly, unflattering, cheap (they mustn’t look better than the bride’s), bridesmaid dresses are just a price to pay for the honor of a bride’s friendship. Etiquette experts say that the bride chooses, the bridesmaid pays—no questions asked.
So the bride who wants to be sensitive to her bridesmaids’ wallets could pick pre-owned dresses. And once the party is over, the bridesmaid could resell her dress again, if she feels like she’d never wear it again anyway.
Tap image to zoom
Vera Wang—sells for $198, listed for $105 (and $215) on Bridesmaid Trade.(Image via Bridesmaid Trade)
Many of the sites that sell second-hand wedding dresses also offer options for bridesmaids, and there even is a dedicated portal, Bridesmaid Trade , which features a variety of designers, styles, sizes, and colors—including white (which is a no-no) and black (also a no-no, regardless of what fashion columnists claim ).
Since the bridal party’s outfits tend to follow fashion cycles more than wedding gowns do, it isn’t rare to find the same dresses new, on sale—sometimes at lower prices than the “pre-owned” ones.
The venue—and everything else
If you’re already buying someone else’s dresses and jewelry, why not buy their whole wedding? Engagements don’t always end up in marriages, and sometimes it’s too late to cancel reception venues, flower arrangements, photographers, and catering. The market and industry for pre-organized weddings even has a name: wedding brokerage.
One brokerage site,  Canceled Weddings , reads:
As if heartbreak weren’t enough, couples that have to call off their wedding also have to deal with the issue of informing all their guests that plans have changed, not to mention being saddled with the thousands of dollars and euro lost in catering and flower bills.
There’s a certain poignance to the site’s “ last-minute offers ” section. Who had to cancel their dream nuptials at Prague’s Chateau Bon Repos ? Who is no longer looking forward to a fun night of dancing with the Fabulous Feedback Band ?
Smaller-scale bargains are also to be had at wedding communities such as Wedding Bee , where users trade (used or new) wedding decor, from tablecloths all the way to  starfish-themed bathroom basket signs .
Tap image to zoom
Rifle Paper Co.—retails for $48, listed for $36 on Wedding Bee.(Image via Wedding Bee)
If it’s decorations you’re after, try marketplaces such as Smart Bride Boutique . The site is a marketplace for everything wedding, from gowns to jewelry, but the decoration section is pretty large and includes everything from table linens with only one previous owner  (listed at $25, original price $50) to cake toppers with the couple’s initials  (which must be a bit like finding a boyfriend who already has your name tattooed on his arm).
And if you’re looking to recoup a bit of the investment after your own wedding, pop over to  Recycle Your Wedding , where people are offering anything from 50 ivory peacock feathers  ($30) to a set of  72 tablecloth clips  ($9), to 25 white umbrellas ($100, original price $150), bought in case of rain and never used. Just think of all the extras you can afford if you know you’ll be able to pass them on later.
Share this:

Man threatens to jump off bridge at Hong Kong protest siteThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Three Airmen Missing After Typhoon Phanfone Slams Okinawa
Please shares your stocks here also when u find them with some datas t...Platinum Member
490 Followers
I completely believe Madhucon Project and rely on inputs on ReddyM on that (that saves me spending time on this stock so that I can focus on other finds).
Recently my favourite theme is to invest in suppliers of booming sectors such as Pharma, Consumer Goods, Auto, Durables, etc. As these sectors are already rich in valuation it is difficult to get reasonable PEs. As these companies grow, so will their supplier base. In fact OEMs are better placed in terms of risk and returns perspective during this boom as their revenue generation is spread across several big players. Most of these stocks are still available at attractive price. Examples: AUTO ancillary stocks (shriram needle), packaging (Hindustan tin works), supplier to consumer products/ pharma (Gujarat Foils), row material and dyes (Dynemic products).

288 282 major support lvlsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ak  u express ur view i express my view. u dnt hav any right to tell ...Platinum Member
90 Followers
Hi Zorro , q2 is tough always for Airlines due to lean season, but this time they  have carried more no of passengers much higher than a good quarter nos...ufcoarse yield will be comparatively less .But I see some magic of profit for the first time at lease for spicejet ....
11.57 AM Oct 5th

Last week not cross 304 lvls wonderla in a consolidation mode a...Platinum Member
24 Followers
last  week not  cross  304  lvls  wonderla  in a consolidation mode  a rally  upto  308  312 not  ruled out coming week    once  it  cross 324   2 trading days  next  tgt   348       a good  long  term  bet  for  investors
6.28 PM Oct 5th  | Track

How To Make Any Song Your iPhone Ringtonereddit
Love "Shake It Off" so much you wish you could wake up to it every morning? Don't waste money buying a ringtone from the iTunes store. Any song in your iTunes library can be made into a ringtone. Just open iTunes and follow these steps.
1. Figure out which part of the song you want for your ringtone. You'll need to remember the start and stop time down to the second.
2. Right click on the song and select "Get Info."
3. Select the Options tab. Remember those numbers from Step 1? Plug them in for the start time and stop time, then click OK.
4. Listen to the song again. You'll need to make sure it's the length you want, so adjust the start and stop time until it's perfect.
5. Right click the song again and select “Create AAC Version.” After you do this, you'll notice that there are now two versions of the song in your iTunes library.
6. Right click on the new file. Select “Show in Finder” if you’re on a Mac, or select “Show in Windows Explorer” on a PC. That'll open up a new window and bring up both versions of the song in the iTunes Media folder. The one you want will be highlighted.
7. Right click, select "Get Info" and rename with .m4r. We need our file to be in this format so it can be recognized as a ringtone. My song currently reads "06 Shake It Off 1.m4a,' so I change it to say "06 Shake It Off.m4r." Then I hit enter.
Once you do so, it’ll ask permission to say it will be a different file type. Select "Use .m4r."
8. Copy the .m4r file to your desktop. Go back to iTunes and delete the shortened version of the song by right clicking and selecting "Delete."
9. Drag the file from your desktop to your iTunes library under Music. It will then appear in your Tones section.
10. Sync your iPhone to your computer. While still in your iPhone menu on iTunes, go to Tones and select Sync Tones. Then hit "Sync" or "Apply."
Now, the ringtone is ready to go. On your iPhone, go to Settings > Sounds > Ringtone and your new tone will be above the built-in ones.
Before you start showing it off, you have some quick cleaning to do: We need to get your original song back to normal. Get back into iTunes on your computer and find the original song, which is still there. Right-click on it and select Get Info > Options. Uncheck the boxes next to Start Time and Stop Time.
You can also make ringtones on the iPhone itself with the free app GarageBand. For a tutorial on that method, check out this video .
More:

Rajasthan becomes first state to start olive refineryRajasthan becomes first state to start olive refinery
PTI
PTI Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje at the opening ceremony of first olive oil refinery in Bikaner on Friday.
Bikaner, Oct 3:  
Rajasthan today started the country’s first olive refinery and expressed hope that it would be able to fulfil the country’s demand of olive oil in coming years.
Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje inaugurated the refinery set up with a cost of Rs 3.75 crore in Lunkaransar area in the district and said it was an achievement for Rajasthan to become the first state in the country to set up such refinery.
The olive oil produced in the refinery will be marked under the brand name of ‘Raj Olive Oil’ and will be available in markets after some time.
“Rajasthan is leading in the area of Olive farming and the first state to set up the refinery. It is a big achievement,” Raje said in the inaugural function.
The Vasundhara Raje government in its earlier term in 2007 had commenced the olive cultivation project by taking assistance from Israel and had planted 1.12 lakh saplings in 7 agro-climatic zones.
282 hectare areas of land in districts like Bikaner, Nagaur, Jhunjhunu and others have been covered with olive plantation and the government wants to increase the area to 5,000 hectare in coming years so that the refinery can get more fruits for getting the oil in increased quantity.
Raje said that the government would try to address the issue of lack of water in the area so that farming can be done properly.
Agriculture Minister Prabhu Lal Saini said that the current produce of oil fruit is 80 tonne annual which will be increased so that the state can fulfil the demand of oil fruit in the country.
“The project of olive farming has been very successful and gave encouraging results with fine quality content in fruit. The state is now at the international level in olive farming,” he said.
The minister said that the government now plans to promote the olive cultivation, a typically Mediterranean occupation, at mass level in the state.
“During the initial stage, olive oil will be produced and later we will utilise the farm produce in making of cosmetics, medicines and cattle feed,” Saini said.
Israel Ambassador to India Daniel Carmon also congratulated Chief Minister Raje for the success by writing her a letter.
Seven leading varieties of Barnea, Arbequina, Crotina, Picholine, Picual, Coraniki and Frontoy have been planted in the farms.
Olive is a small tree belonging to the oleaceae family and is found in coastal areas of eastern Mediterranean (Italy and Spain), northern Iraq and northern Iran south of the Caspian Sea.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Hong Kong police tell protesters to disperseGroup ditches talks with Hong Kong government, calls for more protest
By Ivan Watson, Tim Hume, Rebecca Wright and Wilfred Chan, CNN
October 4, 2014 -- Updated 0548 GMT (1348 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
Friday clashes in Mong Kok district leave 12 injured
Police allowed attacks on pro-democracy protesters, demonstration leaders say
A police spokesman rejects those claims, saying officers did their best
The political crisis in Hong Kong is now in its seventh day
Are you there? Share your images , but stay safe.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- After jarring clashes between pro-democracy protesters and opponents in Hong Kong's densely populated Mong Kok district Friday, student leaders called off talks with the government, accusing police of allowing the violence to happen.
"The path of conversation should be put aside now. The government is not honoring its promise and it should be held accountable first," the Hong Kong Federation of Students said in a statement.
Pro-democracy activists accuse Beijing of exerting too much influence on Hong Kong and are demanding the right to directly choose candidates for elected office -- rather than the newly instituted policy giving the central government veto power over eligible candidates -- and other reforms.
Students had hoped to meet with the No. 2 official in Hong Kong's government, Chief Secretary Carrie Lam, in an effort to resolve the political crisis that has gripped the semiautonomous Chinese territory for a week.
Hong Kong protesters block ambulance
Protesters break a glass door of the Legislative Council in Hong Kong on November 19. Pro-democracy demonstrators are angry about China's decision to allow only Beijing-vetted candidates to run in Hong Kong's elections for chief executive in 2017.
Broken glass is seen after protesters attempted to break into the Legislative Council building in Hong Kong on November 19.
Protesters stand off with police officers outside the Legislative Council building after clashes on November 19.
Security staff members remove a barricade outside the Citic tower near a protest site in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong on November 18.
There were no signs of resistance from protesters, some of whom helped bailiffs, police and CITIC representatives move barricades away on November 18.
A general view of the Admiralty protest site on the road outside the Hong Kong Government complex on November 17.
Student leaders Alex Chow (C), Nathan Law (L) and Eason Chung (R) attempted to fly to Beijing to deliver a message to the Chinese government on November 15. They were denied boarding after being informed that their entry permits were invalid.
A businessman walks to work passed barricades placed by pro-democracy protesters blocking road at the Admiralty protest site on November 13, 2014 in Hong Kong.
People open umbrellas at the main protest site in Hong Kong on Tuesday, October 28. The umbrella has become the defining image of the protest movement, used to shield protesters from tear gas and the elements.
Riot police stand guard near a barricade in a protester-occupied area of the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 22.
Pro-democracy protesters at an occupied area outside the government headquarters in Hong Kong watch a live broadcast of talks between Hong Kong government officials and protesters on Tuesday, October 21.
Police and protesters face each other across a barricade as tensions continue in Hong Kong on Monday, October 20.
Riot police advance on a pro-democracy protest encampment in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong early Sunday, October 19.
A woman reads on a road barricaded by pro-democracy protesters on October 19.
Police officers yell at pro-democracy protesters as they push forward in an attempt to clear a street on Saturday, October 18.
Pro-democracy protesters sleep next to a barricade on October 18 after reclaiming streets in Mong Kok after a night of violent scuffles with police.
A Hong Kong journalist collapses in agony after being hit in the face with pepper spray during clashes with police on Friday, October 17.
Police use batons to hit pro-democracy protesters who are using raised umbrellas for protection on October 17.
Protesters and riot police officers face off at a main road in the Mong Kok district on October 17.
People shout at pro-democracy protesters in the Mong Kok district on Friday, October 17.
Riot police clear out an encampment of protesters in the Mong Kok district on October 17. Police swooped in early to dismantle the protest campsite.
Demonstrators remove their belongings from a protest camp early on October 17.
Pro-democracy protesters break down as riot police clear their camp October 17.
Riot police remove barricades on October 17.
Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung arrives for a news conference on Thursday, October 16. He said talks would resume with students as early as next week, but he said street protests had caused severe disruption and could not continue.
Pro-democracy demonstrator Ken Tsang gets taken taken away by police before allegedly being beaten up in Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 15. Authorities have vowed to conduct an investigation into a widely circulated video that appears to show plainclothes officers kicking and punching the man.
A police officer shouts at a protester who was hit with pepper spray on October 15.
Pro-democracy protesters hide behind umbrellas to protect themselves from pepper spray on October 15.
Protesters move barriers as others block a main road in Hong Kong with metal and plastic safety barriers on October 15.
Police march toward pro-democracy protesters outside central government offices in Hong Kong on October 15.
Protesters gather near central government offices in Hong Kong on October 15.
Police move toward pro-democracy protesters during a standoff outside central government offices in Hong Kong on Tuesday, October 14.
Police remove bamboo that pro-democracy protesters had set up to block off main roads in Hong Kong on October 14.
Pro-democracy protesters watch as police remove barricades in Hong Kong on October 14.
Cleaners sweep the main road after the police's removal of barricades on October 14.
Police ask a protester to leave the main road of Hong Kong's Central district on October 14.
Police dismantle barricades from the streets in Hong Kong on October 14.
Police officers run to barricades set up by protesters on October 14.
Pro-democracy protesters raise their hands behind police officers after people tried to remove the metal barricades that protesters set up to block off main roads near the city's financial district in Hong Kong on Monday, October 13.
A police officer tries to stop a man October 13 from removing metal barricades set up by protesters.
A police officer scuffles with a man in Hong Kong on October 13.
Police officers arrest a pro-democracy demonstrator in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong on October 13.
A pro-democracy demonstrator sets up a new barricade made of bamboo in Hong Kong on October 13.
Police officers remove barricades used by protesters in Hong Kong on October 13.
Taxi drivers protest in Hong Kong on October 13, urging pro-democracy demonstrators to clear the roads.
People gather beneath the statue "Umbrella Man," by the Hong Kong artist known as Milk, which has become a symbol at the protest site, on Saturday, October 11, in Hong Kong.
Pro-democracy protesters remain scattered at the protest site in Admiralty on Thursday, October 9. The government canceled talks that day after protest leaders urged supporters to keep up the occupation.
Taxi drivers attend a small demonstration calling for protesters to stop blocking roads through the city on October 9.
A woman drinks a soda as she walks past a barricade erected by pro-democracy demonstrators in Hong Kong on October 9.
A pro-democracy protester sleeps on a street in the occupied area surrounding the government complex in Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 8.
A pro-democracy protester reads a newspaper in Hong Kong's Mong Kok district on Tuesday, October 7, as a police officer stands nearby.
Protesters walk up an empty street inside the protest site near Hong Kong's government complex on October 7.
Joshua Wong, a 17-year-old student protest leader, is interviewed at the protest site near government headquarters on Monday, October 6.
A man walks to work as pro-democracy demonstrators sleep on the road in the occupied areas surrounding the government complex in Hong Kong on October 6.
A ray of sunlight bathes sleeping protesters as they occupy a major highway in Hong Kong on October 6. Protesters say Beijing has gone back on its pledge to allow universal suffrage in Hong Kong, which was promised "a high degree of autonomy" when it was handed back to China by Britain in 1997.
People take an escalator to work as protesters sleep on October 6.
The statue "Umbrella Man," by the Hong Kong artist known as Milk, stands at a pro-democracy protest site in the Admiralty district on October 6.
People walk to work on a main road in the occupied areas of Hong Kong on October 6.
Police officers remove barriers outside government offices in Hong Kong on Sunday, October 5.
Student protesters carry a barrier to block a street leading to the protest site on October 5.
Pro-democracy demonstrators occupy the streets near government headquarters on October 5.
Pro-democracy demonstrators surround police October 5 in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong.
A pro-democracy protester holds on to a barrier as he and others defend a barricade from attacks by rival protest groups in the Mong Kok district on Saturday, October 4.
Pro-democracy student protesters pin a man to the ground after an assault during a scuffle with local residents in Mong Kok on October 4.
Pro-democracy protesters raise their arms in a sign of nonviolence as they protect a barricade from rival protest groups in the Mong Kok district on October 4.
A pro-Beijing activist holds up blue ribbons for anti-Occupy Central protestors to collect as pro-government speeches are made in the Kowloon district of Hong Kong on October 4.
A man sits in front of a barricade built by pro-democracy protesters on October 4 in the Kowloon district.
Thousands of pro-democracy activists attend a rally on the streets near government headquarters on October 4 in Hong Kong.
A group of men in masks fight with a man who tried to stop them from removing barricades from a pro-democracy protest area in the Causeway Bay district of Hong Kong on Friday, October 3.
Police raise hands against protesters as an ambulance tries to leave the compound of the chief executive office in Hong Kong on October 3.
A protester tries to negotiate with angry residents trying to remove barricades blocking streets in Hong Kong's Causeway Bay on October 3. Large crowds opposed to the pro-democracy movement gathered to clear the area.
Pro-democracy demonstrators protect a barricade from "anti-Occupy" crowds in Hong Kong on October 3.
A man shouts at a pro-democracy demonstrator on October 3.
Police try to pry a man from a fence guarded by pro-democracy demonstrators on October 3.
Pro-democracy demonstrators sleep on the street outside a government complex in Hong Kong on Thursday, October 2.
As the sun rises, a protester reads during a sit-in blocking the entrance to the chief executive's office on October 2.
Yellow ribbons, a symbol of the protests in Hong Kong, are tied to a fence as police and security officers stand guard at the government headquarters on October 2.
Protesters confront police outside the government complex in Hong Kong on October 2.
Protesters camp out in a street in Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 1.
Founder of the student pro-democracy group Scholarism, Joshua Wong, center, stands in silent protest with supporters at the flag-raising ceremony at Golden Bauhinia Square in Hong Kong on October 1.
Hong Kong's Chief Executive C.Y. Leung attends a flag raising ceremony to mark the 65th anniversary of the founding of Communist China on October 1.
A pro-democracy activist shouts slogans on a street near the government headquarters on Wednesday, October 1.
Hong Kong police stand guard outside the flag-raising ceremony October 1.
Pro-democracy demonstrators gather for a third night in Hong Kong on Tuesday, September 30.
Protesters sing songs and wave their cell phones in the air after a massive thunderstorm passed over the Hong Kong Government Complex on September 30.
Protesters take part in a rally on a street outside the Hong Kong Government Complex on September 30.
Student activists rest on a road in Hong Kong on September 30, near the government headquarters where pro-democracy activists have gathered.
A pro-democracy demonstrator guards a bus covered with messages of support in Hong Kong on September 30.
Protesters sleep on the streets outside the Hong Kong Government Complex at sunrise on September 30.
Protesters hold up their cell phones in a display of solidarity during a protest outside the Legislative Council headquarters in Hong Kong on Monday, September 29.
Protesters put on goggles and wrap themselves in plastic on September 29 after hearing a rumor that police were coming with tear gas.
Police officers stand off with protesters next to the Hong Kong police headquarters on September 29.
A man helps protesters use a makeshift ladder to climb over concrete street barricades on September 29.
Riot police fire tear gas on student protesters occupying streets around government buildings in Hong Kong on September 29.
Police officers rest after protests on September 29.
Pro-democracy protesters argue with a man, left, who opposes the occupation of Nathan Road in Hong Kong on September 29.
Pro-democracy protesters sit in a road as they face off with local police on September 29.
Pro-democracy protesters rest around empty buses as they block Nathan Road in Hong Kong on September 29. Multiple bus routes have been suspended or diverted.
Police walk down a stairwell as demonstrators gather outside government buildings in Hong Kong on September 29.
Stacks of umbrellas are ready for protesters to use as shields against pepper spray on September 29.
Protesters turn the Chinese flag upside-down on September 29 outside a commercial building near the main Occupy Central protest area in Hong Kong.
Protesters occupy a main road in the Central district of Hong Kong after riot police used tear gas against them on Sunday, September 28.
Demonstrators disperse as tear gas is fired during a protest on September 28. There is an "optimal amount of police officers dispersed" around the scene, a Hong Kong police representative said.
Police use pepper spray and tear gas against demonstrators September 28. The protests, which have seen thousands of students in their teens and 20s take to the streets, swelled in size over the weekend.
Riot police clash with protesters on September 28.
Police and protesters clash during a tense standoff with thousands of student demonstrators, recently joined by the like-minded Occupy Central movement, on September 28.
Benny Tai, center, founder of the Occupy Central movement, raises a fist after announcing the group would join the students during a demonstration outside government headquarters in Hong Kong on September 28.
Pro-democracy activist and former legislator Martin Lee wears goggles and a mask to protect against pepper spray on September 28.
A pro-democracy activist shouts at police officers behind a fence with yellow ribbons on September 28.
A sign for the Hong Kong central government offices has been crossed out with red tape by democracy activists on September 28.
Pro-democracy protesters gather near government headquarters on September 29.
Protesters gather during a demonstration outside the headquarters of the Legislative Counsel on September 28 as calls for Beijing to grant the city universal suffrage grow louder and more fractious.
Protesters tie up barricades on September 28 during a demonstration outside the headquarters of the Legislative Council in Hong Kong.
An injured protester is tended to after clashing with riot police outside Hong Kong government complex on Saturday, September 27.
Riot police use pepper spray on pro-democracy activists who forced their way into the Hong Kong government headquarters during a demonstration on September 27.
People watch from on high as pro-democracy demonstrators are surrounded by police after storming a courtyard outside Hong Kong's legislative headquarters on Friday, September 26.
Students march to Government House in Hong Kong on Thursday, September 25.
Hong Kong unrest

New data for a new energy futureNew data for a new energy future
Solar panels
Schlegelfotos / Getty Images/iStockphoto
As solar power becomes more efficient and affordable, a number of companies are emerging to support this energy technology.
As solar power becomes more efficient and affordable, a number of companies are emerging to support this energy technology. (Schlegelfotos / Getty Images/iStockphoto)
By Joel Gurin, U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation
Automotive Industry Business Renewable Energy Conservation Energy Saving Ecosystems
'...energy data can help us reduce the harmful emissions that are driving climate change.'
Two growing concerns — climate change and U.S. energy self-sufficiency — have accelerated the search for affordable, sustainable approaches to energy production and use. In this area, as in many others, data-driven innovation is a key to progress. Data scientists are working to help improve energy efficiency and make new forms of energy more economically viable, and are building new, profitable businesses in the process.
8
In the same way that government data has been used by other kinds of new businesses, the Department of Energy is releasing data that can help energy innovators. At a recent “ Energy Datapalooza ” held by the department, John Podesta, counselor to the President, summed up the rationale: “Just as climate data will be central to helping communities prepare for climate change, energy data can help us reduce the harmful emissions that are driving climate change.” With electric power accounting for one-third of greenhouse gas emissions in the United States, the opportunities for improvement are great.
The Governance Lab ( GovLab ) at New York University, which studies how technology can improve government’s effectiveness, has been studying the business applications of public government data, or “open data,” for the past year. The resulting study,  the Open Data 500 , now provides structured, searchable information on more than 500 companies that use open government data as a key business driver. A review of those results shows four major areas where open data is creating new business opportunities in energy and is likely to build many more in the near future.
Commercial building efficiency
0
Commercial buildings are major energy consumers, and energy costs are a significant business expense. Despite programs like  LEED Certification , many commercial buildings waste large amounts of energy. Now a company called  FirstFuel , based in Boston, is using open data to drive energy efficiency in these buildings. At the Energy Datapalooza, Swap Shah, the company’s CEO, described how analyzing energy data together with geospatial, weather, and other open data can give a very accurate view of a building’s energy consumption and ways to reduce it. (Sometimes the solution is startlingly simple: According to Shah, the largest source of waste is running heating and cooling systems at the same time.) Other companies are taking on the same kind of task – like  Lucid , which provides an operating system that can track a building’s energy use in an integrated way.
Home energy use
A number of companies are finding data-driven solutions for homeowners who want to save money by reducing their energy usage. A key to success is putting together measurements of energy use in the home with public data on energy efficiency solutions.  PlotWatt , for example, promises to help consumers “save money with real-time energy tracking” through the data it provides. One of the best-known companies in this area,  Opower , uses a psychological strategy: it simultaneously gives people access to their own energy data and lets them compare their energy use to their neighbors’ as an incentive to save. Opower partners with utilities to provide this information, and the Virginia-based company has been successful enough to open offices in San Francisco, London, and Singapore. Soon more and more people will have access to data on their home energy use:  Green Button , a government-promoted program implemented by utilities, now gives about 100 million Americans data about their energy consumption.
Solar power and renewable energy
As solar power becomes more efficient and affordable, a number of companies are emerging to support this energy technology.  Clean Power Finance , for example, uses its database to connect solar entrepreneurs with sources of capital. In a different way, a company called  Solar Census  is analyzing publicly available data to find exactly where solar power can be produced most efficiently. The kind of analysis that used to require an on-site survey over several days can now be done in less than a minute with their algorithms.
Other kinds of geospatial and weather data can support other forms of renewable energy. The data will make it easier to find good sites for wind power stations, water sources for small-scale hydroelectric projects, and the best opportunities to tap geothermal energy.
Supporting new energy-efficient vehicles
The Tesla and other electric vehicles are becoming commercially viable, and we will soon see even more efficient vehicles on the road. Toyota has announced that  its first fuel-cell cars , which run on hydrogen, will be commercially available by mid-2015, and other auto manufacturers have announced plans to develop fuel-cell vehicles as well. But these vehicles can’t operate without a network to supply power, be it electricity for a Tesla battery or hydrogen for a fuel cell.
It’s a chicken-and-egg problem: People won’t buy large numbers of electric or fuel-cell cars unless they know they can power them, and power stations will be scarce until there are enough vehicles to support their business. Now some new companies are facilitating this transition by giving drivers data-driven tools to find and use the power sources they need.  Recargo , for example, provides tools to help electric car owners find charging stations and operate their vehicles.
The development of new energy sources will involve solving social, political, economic, and technological issues. Data science can help develop solutions and bring us more quickly to a new kind of energy future.
Joel Gurin, a fellow of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation, is a senior advisor at the GovLab where he directs the Open Data 500.

Camerons human rights gift to Europes dark forcesDavid Cameron’s gift to the continent’s dark forces
Conservative plan to limit European Court of Human Rights is a grave error
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e96986a0-4af5-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Get ready for the corporate bond crashOctober 3, 2014 7:32 pm
Start getting ready for the corporate bond crash
By John Dizard
John Dizard is worried when likely witnesses at post-crash hearings circulate testimony in advance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f532b8e-4aed-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft Says Samsung Owes $6.9 Million in Unpaid InterestYou are here: Home Corporates
Microsoft Says Samsung Owes $6.9 Million in Unpaid Interest
Reuters | Updated On: October 04, 2014 15:10 (IST)
Adani Power Buys Avantha's Plant for Rs 4,200 Crore
San Francisco: Microsoft Corp is demanding $6.9 million interest from Samsung Electronics in a dispute over smartphone patent royalties, according to a lawsuit unsealed by a New York federal court on Friday.
Microsoft is asking the court to rule that it did not breach a business collaboration agreement with Samsung, and that Samsung must pay interest on more than $1 billion in royalty payments which it delayed in protest at Microsoft's planned purchase of rival Nokia's handset business.
A redacted version of the lawsuit was filed by Microsoft in August.
Samsung made royalty payments on time to Microsoft during the first fiscal year after they signed their 2011 agreement, the lawsuit said.
However, after Microsoft announced the Nokia deal in September 2013, Samsung initially refused to make another payment, arguing that the Nokia deal breached its licensing agreement with Microsoft. It eventually paid late without adding interest, according to the lawsuit.
Samsung did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Friday.
Microsoft has successfully argued that Google Inc's Android mobile system uses some of its technology, and as a result most hardware makers, including Samsung, have agreed to pay patent royalties on Android handsets.
Motorola is one of the main holdouts, and that company has been in litigation against Microsoft since 2010.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Cameron vows to hunt down Hennings killersPrime minister vows to hunt down Alan Henning’s killers
By Sam Jones, Defence and Security Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6e875b18-4b3d-11e4-b2e3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jean-Claude DuvalierCaption
A look at those who have died this year.
 Mike Nichols The acclaimed director, whose work spanned six decades, died on Nov. 19. He was 83. He directed “The Graduate,” “Annie” on Broadway and HBO’s mini-series “Angels in America,” among many other works. He was one of a very few to win an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and a Tony award.
Buy Photo
Illiteracy rose and life expectancy sank. When tens of thousands of desperate, malnourished “boat people” tried to flee Haiti for U.S. shores during the 1970s and ’80s, Duvalier’s response, true to form, was to demand kickbacks from their unscrupulous human smugglers.
By the time he and his family boarded a U.S. Air Force cargo plane and flew to exile in 1986, with truckloads of Louis Vuitton luggage and millions of dollars in Swiss bank accounts, Duvalier had cemented his country’s status as the basket case of the Americas.
He remained unrepentant.
“I got to know Duvalier as a man who is by turn intellectually dishonest, manipulative, even downright clueless,” wrote Haitian-born journalist Marjorie Valbrun in a 2011 Washington Post essay, which recollected interviews she had conducted with Baby Doc in 2003.
“In rare but telling moments, he also seemed deeply sad,” Valbrun added. “He denied any past wrongdoing. He rejected accusations of corruption during his presidency. He dismissed allegations of officially sanctioned murders and arrests of political opponents as fictional creations of a biased news media. He never uttered a word of remorse and ceded only one major mistake: ‘Perhaps I was too tolerant.’ ”
Papa Doc
According to official records, Jean-Claude Duvalier was born July 3, 1951. He was the only son of Simone Ovide and her husband, the doctor Francois Duvalier.
Francois Duvalier came from a lower-middle-class background. But, unlike most Haitians, he was educated. His father had scraped together enough money to send him to a prestigious high school, and afterward he studied medicine. He graduated in 1934, the same year that U.S. Marines, who had occupied Haiti since 1915, left the country.
Francois Duvalier, like many Haitians, had deeply resented this foreign occupation. Although he later worked with U.S.-sponsored public health programs, helping cure Haitian peasants of tropical diseases and earning the nickname “Papa Doc,” Duvalier’s experiences with the often-racist Marines helped push him to the intellectual movement known as Négritude. He began to study voodoo, Haiti’s native religion, and encouraged black Haitians to take back the power long held by the country’s mulatto elite.
Haiti descended into political chaos when the Americans withdrew, with a dizzying array of governments, coups, power grabs and military maneuvers. Papa Doc became minister of public health and labor in one administration, only to leave office in 1950 after another military coup. He went into hiding in 1954, but emerged two years later to run for president after the ruling government forgave political opponents.
After a year of political deal-making, as well as allegations of voter intimidation, Francois Duvalier was elected president of Haiti. He moved his family into the presidential palace and began constructing a merciless security apparatus to remain in power.
He cracked down on human rights, sending potential rivals into exile or throwing them or their children into the gruesome Fort Dimanche prison, where they were often tortured to death. He encouraged his militia to terrorize civilians with abductions, beatings and extortion, and he intentionally dressed as Baron Samedi, the voodoo spirit of death. He designated a torture room in his palace and drilled peepholes into the walls so he could watch the horror.
Jean-Claude grew up without much interest in the inner workings of the palace. He used the presidential courtyard as a racetrack for his tricycle, and later for his Harley-Davidson. On his million-dollar yacht, he partied with other sons of the Haitian elite — many of whom called him “baskethead” behind his back, both for his size and for his lack of intellectual interest.
When Papa Doc, long ailing from heart problems and the aftermaths of a diabetic coma, announced that he expected his son to be Haiti’s next “president for life,” the younger Duvalier said his politically minded sister, Marie-Denise, should fill the roll instead. But Papa Doc’s will was law.
Rise to power
In February 1971, officials announced that the Haitian people had endorsed the selection of Baby Doc as successor, 2,391,916 to zero. Two months later, on April 21, the 64-year-old Papa Doc died. Jean-Claude Duvalier took control of Haiti.
Most pundits thought he wouldn’t last the year. There were jealous ministers, would-be assassins and plotting palace guards. The government was also in need of funds. Although the elder Duvalier had used anti-communist rhetoric to stay in the United States’s graces, his human-rights violations had many years earlier convinced the Kennedy administration to cut foreign aid to Haiti.
But Jean-Claude surprised the naysayers. He put a friendlier mask on Duvalierism as his family and advisers competed for the power behind the throne. He opened the palace to journalists and started paying the country’s debts. He supported a quickie divorce law — anyone could get a decree in 24 hours — that helped spark a tourism boom. He launched reforestation campaigns and became astute at cleaning up prisons right before international observers visited.
Duvalier also opened up the country to foreign business — an economic liberalization policy he eventually dubbed “Jeanclaudism.” This meant new opportunity for U.S. businesses, which soon took advantage of Haiti’s cheap labor and union-squashing Macoutes.
All of this pleased the U.S. government, and within the first few years of his rule, foreign aid increased by more than 800 percent.
The Haitian people, however, were becoming ever more desperate. Duvalier and his cronies stole most of that aid money and began a style of embezzlement shocking even by Haitian standards. Peasants and unemployed city-dwellers starved as Duvalier and his friends threw lavish parties; bought houses, sports cars and yachts; and spent millions of dollars on shopping sprees.
The extravagance hit a peak in 1980 when Jean-Claude married Michele Bennett, a mulatto divorcee with a scandalous reputation and expensive tastes. Their wedding made the Guinness Book of World Records for its immoderation. It cost $3 million, with gowns and hairdressers imported from Paris, a $100,000 fireworks show, and rum for the masses.
Styling herself as Haiti’s Eva Perón — Argentina’s populism-spouting first lady of the 1940s and early 1950s — Bennett started hospitals and charities, all funded by misdirected aid money, or from the “donations” of terrified business owners.
Some called Baby Doc’s marriage the beginning of his downfall. Not only did Bennett disgust Haitians with her decadent displays of wealth and corruption, but the marriage marked a renewed dominance of the country’s mulatto elite — an offense to many who had supported Papa Doc’s black-power ideology.
Meanwhile, the emergence of AIDS killed Haiti’s tourism industry. Business faltered because of widespread corruption. Human-rights violations were rampant. Members of Bennett’s family were linked with cocaine trafficking.
With corpses of desperate Haitians washing up on Florida’s beaches, and human-rights groups pointing out continued torture, the United States scaled back again on foreign aid. Canada labeled Duvalier’s government a “kleptocracy.” And when Pope John Paul II visited the country in 1983, he chastised the government, announcing to hundreds of thousands of Haitians, “Things must change here!”
Collapse of the regime
Two years later, Haitians began to revolt. Protests against the government started in the northern city of Gonaives and spread across the country, with violent demonstrations and raids of food-distribution warehouses. In February 1986, with the Reagan administration pressuring Baby Doc to leave office, and Haitian army officials telling him that he had no choice, Duvalier and his family decided to flee.
They frantically packed what they could, stuffing jewels and artwork into designer luggage, and shortly after 2 a.m. on Feb. 7, 1986, drove to Francois Duvalier International Airport, where a U.S. Air Force C-141 was waiting to take them to France.
“People viewed him as their vehicle for power and wealth, so therefore they supported him,” said Robert Maguire, a Haiti specialist at the U.S. Institute of Peace. “In the end of his regime, things got very shaky because there was so much stealing, so much accumulation of wealth, and because the life of the Haitian people had gone downhill so far that there was unrest.
“He lost the support of his father’s grass-roots supporters because they resented him giving power to the mulattos,” Maguire said. “He ended up governing in a very shaky way, and then his regime collapsed quite suddenly.”
Although the French government officially refused to accept them, the Duvaliers settled into exile on the French Riviera. According to Time magazine, Baby Doc passed the time by driving his red Ferrari back and forth to Cannes, while Michele did crosswords and ordered designer clothes. Meanwhile, back in Haiti, citizens took deadly revenge on members of the Tontons Macoutes, and the cycle of violence, coups and repression began anew.
Michele and Jean-Claude divorced in 1993, with much of their money still frozen in Swiss bank accounts. Survivors include two children.
In January 2011, Jean-Claude Duvalier surprised Haitians by returning to his earthquake-damaged country with his companion, Veronique Roy. The frail-looking Baby Doc said that he was not there for politics, but because he wanted to “help.” Banking experts, however, suspected that he had arrived to circumvent new Swiss regulations preventing exiled leaders from obtaining money stolen from their countries.

Does excessive smartphone use by your kid keep you worried Here s an app for youOct 05, 2014 at  11:11am IST
Does excessive smartphone use by your kid keep you worried? Here's an app for you
44
0
New York: Does excessive smartphone use by your kid keep you worried? Now a new app allows parents to keep track of everything that their children do with their phones.
Called TeenSafe, the web-based service co-founded by an Indian-origin entrepreneur, Ameeta Jain, allows parents to gain access to all incoming, outgoing and deleted text messages of the smartphones of their kids.
It allows parents to access the phone, Facebook and Instagram activity of their children from any computer, the TeenSafe website read.
The application works with iPhones and Android phones, not Windows or BlackBerry phones.
#app #kids #smartphone #teensafe
The application works with iPhone and Android phones, not Windows or Blackberry phones.
"Statistics show that children do not tell you everything that is happening and with cyber-bullying and sexting being so prevalent in their lives, I just wanted a safety precaution mechanism in place," Jain, who is also the mother of a teenaged daughter, was quoted as saying.
The app need not be a invasion of privacy, Jain added.
There are more than 40 million children with smartphone and social media access and, of those, 10 million have been cyber-bullied, Jain pointed out.
The app costs $14.95 (Rs 917.78) per month after one exhausts the seven-day free trial, New Jersey 101.5 reported.
20

Fed up of being single  UK woman marries herself!Fed up of being single, UK woman marries herself!
PTI
print
A woman in the UK who was fed up of being single got married to herself in a full wedding ceremony attended by 50 guests.
Grace Gelder, a photographer by profession, said that after being single for six years she had built up a brilliant relationship with herself - and creating that bond with someone else seemed like too much hard work.
Gelder even 'proposed' to herself on a park bench in Parliament Hill, London, last November and walked solo down the aisle in mid-March this year, 'mirror.co.uk' reported.
Gelder bought a dress, a ring, rehearsed vows and eventually wed in a farmhouse in rural Devon watched by her sister and friends - sealing the deal by planting a kiss on a mirror.
"A few did comment, in a light-hearted way, that it was a bit narcissistic," Gelder said.
"Obviously, if you have just announced you're marrying yourself, it is plainly a statement of self-love, and I was under no illusion how self-indulgent that might appear.
"But I was completely comfortable with my motivations. I'd been on a journey of personal development using meditation, dance and performance to increase my self-awareness," Gelder told the Guardian.
Although the wedding holds no legal ground, Gelder is glad she is no longer a 'single' lady.

Google to enable faster search on slow mobile networks in IndiaOct 05, 2014 at  01:17pm IST
Google to enable faster search on slow mobile networks in India
38
0
New Delhi: Aimed at strengthening its foothold in the Indian mobile Internet space, tech giant Google will enable a faster search capability for mobile phones with slower network connections.
Using a new streamlined version of its search results page, the US-based company will automatically check if a user has a slow wireless connection and deliver a fast loading version of Search.
"Increasingly, people in India are accessing the Internet through mobile devices such as their smartphones. However, not all of these devices come with fast, cheap connections," Google Distinguished Software Engineer Bharat Mediratta said in a blogpost.
Using a new streamlined version of its search results page, Google will automatically check if a user has a slow wireless connection and deliver a fast loading version of Search.
#google #internet #slow internet #fast search
Fewer bytes means users get answers faster and cheaper, he added.
"Google's high-quality results will remain the same, but elements such as images and maps will only show up when they are an essential part of the result," he said.
This is just another step Google is taking to organise the world's information and make it accessible to everyone, including those who do not have fast mobile connections, Mediratta added.
Google has been increasing its focus on the Indian market, bringing out products designed to cater to the price and quality-conscious people in the country.
Last month, it launched its Android One initiative in the country first, saying it was originally conceived with India in mind.
Under the Android One initiative, Google had initially partnered with three handset makers -- Micromax, Karbonn and Spice -- to bring out handsets priced Rs Rs 6,399, aimed at making affordable smartphones available to a larger number of people.
It has now extended the programme to more manufacturers and is also expanding it to other countries like Indonesia, Philippines, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka.
The US-based firm is also working to adding more options for searches in more local languages in India. Currently, Google has search options in nine languages here (for PCs).
Google, which offers voice-based search in 47 languages globally, also expects to roll out services in Indian regional languages in the future, though no specific timelines have been set for the same.
11

Hamilton wins wet Japanese Grand PrixUpdated: October 5, 2014 23:31 IST
Hamilton drives to victory at wet Suzuka
Reuters
REUTERS Mercedes Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain leads team mate Nico Rosberg of Germany during the Japanese F1 Grand Prix at the Suzuka Circuit on Sunday.
TOPICS
Formula One
Extends lead over teammate Rosberg to 10 points
Britain’s Lewis Hamilton won a wet and sombre Japanese Grand Prix on Sunday to extend his Formula One lead over Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg to 10 points with four races remaining.
The race started behind the safety car due to heavy rain and ended without celebration after Marussia’s Jules Bianchi was taken to hospital following a crash that left the young Frenchman seriously injured.
Rosberg, who had started on pole position, finished second following a third deployment of the safety car and then red flags being displayed.
Germany’s quadruple world champion Sebastian Vettel, who is leaving Red Bull for Ferrari at the end of the season, took third place with the result based on positions after 44 of the scheduled 53 laps.
Australian Daniel Ricciardo, who would otherwise have been on the podium, was fourth for Red Bull.
Tense faces
The tense faces of the drivers as they waited to step on the podium told the true story of the afternoon, with Bianchi foremost in their thoughts.
No champagne was sprayed, with the top three merely clinking the bottles and taking a quiet swig before placing them back on the floor.
“It's obviously a real anti-climax to hear that one of our fellow colleagues is seriously injured so that's really the main worry,” said Hamilton, who would otherwise have been delighted with his third win in a row and one of his most impressive performances.
Eighth of season
The victory was Hamilton’s eighth of the season but first at Suzuka.
The 2008 champion’s only other win in Japan was at the Fuji circuit with McLaren in 2007.
The race started as scheduled but behind the safety car due to rain from an approaching typhoon that threatened to intensify through the evening.
The cars completed one lap and were then led back into the pit lane to await a re-start.
“Lewis is saying the conditions are so poor he cannot see you,” Rosberg’s race engineer told the German as the two Mercedes threaded their way carefully around the circuit.
When the race resumed, again behind the safety car,
Ferrari’s Fernando Alonso was an immediate casualty with his car gliding to a halt.
“It was a shame. I had power down in the car, an electricity problem and the car switched off.
“Maybe some water in some connectors,” said the Spaniard, whose future remains unclear after Vettel’s announcement.
“Probably we lost an opportunity today.”
The results: 1. Lewis Hamilton (Mercedes) 1:51:43.021, 2. Nico Rosberg (Mercedes) +00:09.180, 3. Sebastian Vettel (Red Bull) 00:29.122, 4. Daniel Ricciardo (Red Bull) 00:38.818, 5. Jenson Button (McLaren) 01:07.550, 6. Valtteri Bottas (Williams) 01:53.773, 7. Felipe Massa (Williams) 01:55.126, 8. Nico Huelkenberg (Force India) 01:55.948, 9. Jean-Eric Vergne (Toro Rosso) 02:07.638, 10. Sergio Perez (Force India), 1 lap.
11. Daniil Kvyat (Toro Rosso) 1 lap, 12. Kimi Raikkonen (Ferrari) 1 lap, 13. Esteban Gutierrez (Sauber) 1 lap, 14. Kevin Magnussen (McLaren) 1 lap, 15. Romain Grosjean (Lotus) 1 lap, 16. Pastor Maldonado (Lotus) 1 lap, 17. Marcus Ericsson (Caterham) 1 lap, 18. Max Chilton (Marussia) 1 lap.
Retired: Kamui Kobayashi (Caterham) 1 lap 20, Jules Bianchi (Marussia) 3 laps 21, Adrian Sutil (Sauber) 4 laps, Fernando Alonso (Ferrari) 42 laps.
Fastest Lap: Lewis Hamilton, 1:51.600, lap 39.
Standings: Drivers: 1. Hamilton 266, 2. Rosberg 256, 3. Ricciardo 193, 4. Vettel 139, 5. Alonso 133, 6. Bottas 130, 7. Button 82, 8. Huelkenberg 76, 9. Massa 71, 10. Perez 46, 11. Raikkonen 45, 12. Magnussen 39, Jean-Eric Vergne 21, 14. Grosjean 8, 15. Kvyat 8, 16. Bianchi 2, 17. Sutil 0, 18. Ericsson 0, 19. Maldonado 0, 20. Gutierrez 0, 21. Chilton 0, 22. Kobayashi 0.
Constructors: 1. Mercedes 522, 2. Red Bull 332, 3. Williams-Mercedes 201, 4. Ferrari 178, 5. Force India 122, 6. McLaren 121, 7. Toro Rosso 29, 8. Lotus 8, 9. Marussia 2, 10. Sauber 0, 11. Caterham 0.

Metahelix introduces new maize hybrid seedsMetahelix introduces new maize hybrid seeds
V. RIshi Kumar
SP Rao, Chief Operating Officer, Dhaanya Seeds, MR Naidu, Head Product Development, K. Vel , Vice -President, and Yogendra Verma, Head, Breeding Research, launching the Metahelix -MM2100 maize seed in Hyderabad on Sunday. Photo: PV Sivakumar
Hyderabad, Oct 5:  
Metahelix Life Sciences, a Tata Group enterprise, has launched new variety of maize hybrid seeds for improved productivity.
After years of research, Metahelix has developed a technology to accommodate a larger number of plants in each acre. The new hybrid MM 2100 has plant structure with upright leaves that allows higher growth and the cob size does not get reduced due to less gap between plants.
SP Rao, Chief Operating Officer of Metahelix Life Sciences Limited, said, “By cultivating at spacing of 9 inches between plants and 18 inches in rows, the hybrid can accommodate up to 40,000 plants per acre, as against other hybrids that take up 30,000 to 32,000 plants. The yields are also higher.”
He said the product was sampled with more than 1,000 farmers last year yielding promising results. It is now being commercially launched across Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
Maize is cultivated in about 8.71 million hectares with production of about 22.23 million tonnes.
AP and Telangana contribute to over 20 per cent of country’s maize output, with the yields among highest at about 5.3 tonnes per hectare as against national average of 2.5 tonnes per hectare.
The hybrid seed cultivation in rich soils combined with good management has enabled the farmers to break the yield barriers in maize and harvest increasingly high yields.
Announcing the new varieties, Rao said that the country’s seed industry estimated to be about Rs 12,000 crore is growing at about 12 per cent per annum.
Metahelix produces about 30,000 mt per year spread across four filed crops and vegetable crops. The company output ranks among top three in rice and millet and is strong in cotton and vegetables.
The company is looking at setting up processing units in Chhattisgarh and evaluating the opportunity to locate one in Indonesia.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Prakash Javdekar defends live telecast of RSS chief s address on October 3Oct 05, 2014 at 03:12pm IST
Prakash Javdekar defends live telecast of RSS chief's address on October 3
8
0
Nagpur: Defending the live telecast by Doordarshan of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat's address on Dussehra, Union Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javdekar on Sunday said that the Government wants to instill professionalism.
The hour-long broadcast on October 3 by DD for the first time of an RSS function had stoked a row with Congress and CPI(M) attacking the government for "misuse" of the state broadcaster while BJP defended it saying RSS genuinely contributed to patriotism and always patronized 'justice to all' philosophy.
"Doordarshan is an autonomous organization and we want to instill professionalism. Therefore, there is nothing wrong and no interference in its functioning," Javdekar said in reply to a question at a press conference here today. Dismissing criticism by the Congress and Left parties over the issue, he said, "We have lifted ban on DD."
"Doordarshan is an autonomous organization and we want to instill professionalism. Therefore, there is nothing wrong and no interference in its functioning," Javdekar said.
#prakash javdekar #mohan bhagwat #rss #dussehra
Javadekar asked as to why it was not telecast live all these years. "When other private channels are also showing live the annual speech of RSS Sarsanghchalak Bhagwat, what is wrong in DD also showing it," he said.
Bhagwat had at a customary function on Dussehra described Hindutva as the country's "national identity" and the "thread of unity" running through its diversities. He had also patted the Narendra Modi government for initiatives on national security, economy and international relations in a short period of four months.
On BJP's prospects in the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly elections, he said the state will follow the national trend and his party will win with an absolute majority, but did not specify any numbers. To a question on why BJP was not projecting a chief ministerial nominee in the polls, when it had projected Narendra Modi as the Prime Ministerial candidate in Lok Sabha elections, Javdekar said there is no dearth of candidates and the leader will be chosen during a meeting of elected MLAs.
4

Mary Kom: I would have protested differentlyIndian boxer M C Mary Kom. Photo: Photo: Sandeep Saxena
New Delhi, Oct 5:  
She understands the emotion behind L Sarita Devi’s tearful protest on the Asian Games podium but M C Mary Kom, who became the first Indian woman boxer to win a gold at the mega-event, said faced with a similar crisis, she would have shown dissent differently.
Speaking to PTI after returning from Incheon, Mary Kom said she does not want to dwell on the controversy too much but supports her fellow Manipuri.
“I really do not want to comment on it anymore. I feel sad for her, she should have won that semifinal bout. I understand her pain and fully support the issue she raised but personally I would have protested differently though I can’t say how. This is my personal thought but I support her,” said the Olympic bronze-medallist and five-time world champion.
“I hope judges and referees are fair in all competitions, there is nothing more I can say on it.”
Sarita had refused to accept her bronze medal during the Games’ presentation ceremony after controversially losing her semifinal bout to Korean Ji-na Park. Disconsolate on the podium, Sarita hung the bronze around Park’s neck before walking away as a mark of protest.
Her actions prompted the International Boxing Association (AIBA) to open disciplinary proceedings against her even as the Olympic Council of Asia let her off with a warning. Sarita has since apologised for her actions on the podium.
However, the Koreans did draw quite a bit of flak for the standard of judging in the bouts involving their boxers with five countries writing to AIBA to protest.
Mary Kom, who defeated a Korean in the opening round, said she personally did not feel anything fishy in her bouts.
“I faced a Korean in the first round itself. The only difference I can tell you is that in Sarita’s case it was 70 per cent Sarita and 30 per cent Park. But it was 100 per cent Mary in my bout,” she said.
In fact, the 31-year-old mother-of-three Mary said she did not face a single tough bout in the competition.
“I feel the bouts were all easy for me there. I never took any of them lightly before stepping into the ring but ended up winning easily. They were tiring but easy bouts,” she laughed.
“As far as the level of competition is concerned, I feel it is more or less the same that I faced in Guangzhou Asian Games. It hasn’t changed much but I personally feel fitter and stronger,” said the Manipuri, who had won a bronze in the previous edition of the Games.
Basking in the glory of her historic feat at the Asiad, where she was the only gold-medallist in boxing for India, Mary Kom said she is undecided about participating in the World Championships scheduled from November 13 in Jeju Islands in Korea.
“I don’t know, I have not thought about it as yet. I will decide whether to go later this month,” she said.
Talking about her future, Mary Kom said her next target is a gold medal in Rio Olympics in 2016.
“I want a gold there. I will try my level best to be there,” she signed off.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

US says PM Narendra Modi s visit extraordinarily successfulThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

E-commerce may create 1.5 lakh jobs in India in 3 yearsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Selena Gomez takes comfort from grandfather aftersplitPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 5, 2014 5:51 pm
Singer Selena Gomez has turned to her grandfather following her split from Justin Bieber last week.
The 22-year-old singer has turned to the old man to help her get through her heartbreak after her on-off relationship with the 20-year-old star came to an end yet again last week following just a month of dating, reported Us magazine.
Taking to her Instagram account Selena posted a picture of her cuddling her granddad, along with a cryptic message, which read: “Papa has ears that truly listen (sometimes), arms that always hold and love that’s never ending (sic).”
The ‘Spring Breakers’ actress sparked rumours she had broken up with Bieber, whom she first started dating in 2010, last week when she posted two messages on Twitter after the ‘Baby’ hitmaker was spotted enjoying dinner with Kendall Jenner, 18, in Paris, France, while Selena was sightseeing with her friends.

George Clooney danced all night long afterweddingPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 5, 2014 5:44 pm
Hollywood hunk George Clooney and his new wife Amal Alamudding partied all night after they got married last weekend.
The couple, who exchanged their vows in Venice, Italy, partied the night away and showed their guests how to get their groove on, reported People magazine.
“They were dancing all night long. George is a big dancer! It was crazy! He can really hold his own,” DJ Sam Young said.
Speaking about what type of music he played, he said, “Everything from ‘Rappers Delight’ to Michael Jackson, Blondie to David Bowie – all the good classics.”

New needle-coated pills for injectionsComments
A pill coated with tiny needles that can deliver drugs directly into the lining of the digestive tract has been developed by scientists, an advance that may eliminate the need for injections. In animal studies, researchers at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) found that the capsule delivered insulin more efficiently than injection under the skin, and there were no harmful side effects as the capsule passed through the digestive system.
"This could be a way that the patient can circumvent the need to have an infusion or subcutaneous administration of a drug," said Giovanni Traverso, a research fellow at MIT's Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research, and one of the lead authors of the study.
Although the researchers tested their capsule with insulin, they anticipate that it would be most useful for delivering biopharmaceuticals such as antibodies, which are used to treat cancer and autoimmune disorders like arthritis.
This class of drugs, known as "biologics," also includes vaccines, recombinant DNA, and RNA. "The large size of these biologic drugs makes them nonabsorbable.
And before they even would be absorbed, they're degraded in your GI tract by acids and enzymes that just eat up the molecules and make them inactive," said Carl Schoellhammer, a graduate student in chemical engineering and a lead author of the paper. Schoellhammer, Traverso, and their colleagues set out to design a capsule that would serve as a platform for the delivery of a wide range of therapeutics, prevent degradation of the drugs, and inject the payload directly into the lining of the GI tract.
Their prototype acrylic capsule, 2 centimetres long and 1 centimetre in diameter, includes a reservoir for the drug and is coated with hollow, stainless steel needles about 5 millimetres long. Previous studies of accidental ingestion of sharp objects in human patients have suggested that it could be safe to swallow a capsule coated with short needles.
Since there are no pain receptors in the GI tract, patients would not feel any pain from the drug injection. To test whether this type of capsule could allow safe and effective drug delivery, the researchers tested it in pigs, with insulin as the drug payload. It took more than a week for the capsules to move through the entire digestive tract, and the researchers found no traces of tissue damage.
They also found that the microneedles successfully injected insulin into the lining of the stomach, small intestine, and colon, causing the animals' blood glucose levels to drop. This reduction in blood glucose was faster and larger than the drop seen when the same amount of insulin was given by subcutaneous injection. The study appears in the Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences.

BJP condemns Pakistan for ceasefire violationsOct 05, 2014 at 05:45pm IST
BJP condemns Pakistan for ceasefire violations
4
0
New Delhi: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Sunday condemned the firing by Pakistan at Indian posts along the Line of Control (LoC) and said the defence forces have been tasked to give an appropriate reply.
"We condemn this. Whatever is needed to be done, it is left to the defence forces," Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said when asked about the cross-border firing by Pakistan.
Violating the ceasefire for the 10th time this month, Pakistani troops on Sunday opened heavy fire on Indian posts along the LoC in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir. Army troops guarding the borderline with Pakistan effectively responded to the firing.
The BJP condemned the firing by Pakistan at Indian posts along the LoC and said the defence forces have been tasked to give an appropriate reply.
#bjp #line of control #ravi shankar prasad #india pakistan ties
Noting that Pakistan has internal problems, Mr. Prasad said, "India is leading under Narendra Modi's leadership and Pakistan is frustrated because of this. Internal problems have also frustrated Pakistan."
Asked about former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf's recent statement blaming India for ceasefire violations, he said, "Musharraf is not taken seriously in his own country, so you should not take him seriously also."
7

Delhi government to build toilets in 700 slum clustersOct 05, 2014 at 05:26pm IST
Delhi government to build toilets in 700 slum clusters
21
0
New Delhi: The Delhi government has decided to construct toilet blocks in 700 slum clusters after identifying the shortfall of lavatories in these settlements, an official said on Sunday.
"The shortage of toilet blocks in Jhuggi Jhopdi (slum dwelling) clusters has made DUSIB take it as a mission to provide toilet blocks in all the 700 Jhuggi Jhopdi colonies," Delhi Urban Slum Improvement Board (DUSIB) CEO Amar Nath said.
The decision came close on the heels of the launch of Swachh Bharat Abhiyan by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 2. The mission aims at providing toilets to every family by 2019.
The Delhi government has decided to construct toilet blocks in 700 slum clusters after identifying the shortfall of lavatories.
#delhi government #delhi #slum #toilet
"A data base has been prepared and the deficit has been identified. DUSIB is actively planning to implement this programme of providing toilet block in slums at the earliest," he said.
Besides, Nath said a massive cleanliness drive was carried out at 185 night shelters in various parts of the national capital.
To monitor the cleanliness drive, a centralised control room and 11 teams of officers have been set up, he added.
9

Hong Kong protesters pull back from some areasThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi attacks Pawar  says NCP chief has no qualities of ShivajiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

All organics stock may tske more time yo ruun as govt has not planned ...New Member
2 Followers
you are right nothing is visible so far unless gov walk the talk quickly and as soon possible till then we assume all promises empty. it makes only noise nothing inside.
10.21 AM Oct 6th

Yes its true my suggestion will definitely hits the target as soon as ...4081 Followers
Dear,yjmj,
Bro! You have  asked a  personal question  and many people already asked me. But  now  I  want to disclose, here  that Am an uni bearer Gazetted officer in  govt  and  a  long  term  investor.I`ve at least 18 years  experience  in  the  market  , which  I  wants  to  share  with  our  fellows  by  means  of  MMB  and  especially  to  help  new one.I  don`t prefer  intra-day  trading. But  some times  I  prefer  positional  trading.!!!!
Thanks.!!!

Bull_maverick1 ji: chk out jayant agro.. market leader selling a...7 yrs 588% increase in profits and 335% increase in sales
=
March 2007 Sales 462.49Cr Net Profit: 6.76Cr Div:1.25
March 2008 Sales 605.96Cr Net Profit: 9.51Cr Div:1.25
March 2009 Sales 875.86Cr Net Profit 7.49Cr Div: 1.25
March 2010 Sales 904.01Cr Net Profit: 12.47Cr Div:1.50
March 2011 Sales 1,175.26Cr Net Profit: 24.92Cr Div 1.75
March 2012 Sales 1,832.26Cr Net Profit: 31.35Cr Div: 2.00
March 2013 Sales 1,624Cr Net Profit: 36.24Cr Div: 2.25
March 2014 Sales 1,550Cr NProfit: 39.75cr Div: 3/=
=
Consistent dividend paying company since inception.(20 plusyrs)
40% equity is Bonus capital.
Promoter stake 65.2%
Only 5244 shareholders.. 676 shareholders hold 92.91% stake
--
Jayant agro is Uniquely placed as India is the largest producer of castor crop in the world producing 75% of world`s production.. Jayant Agro is the largest processor of castor oil and castor oil derivatives in India.. (40% of India`s exports)
Jayant also produces the world`s largest range of castor oil derivative... Jayant exports 90% of its sales and is a Govt recognized Star Trading House..(other well know star trading House(exporters with similar export sales) are: L&T, ITC, Arvind, Bajaj Auto, M&M, BHEL, Balkrishna Industries, IPCA, Biocon, HUL, Cipla) Jayant Agro is the cheapest Star trading house listed.
http://t.in.com/3Epz
Jayant Agro is a Govt recognized.. Dept of Industrial Science and technology - Research Oriented organization. Jayant agro Promoters "Udeshi`s" also own a US Patent for efficient production of Sebacic Acid (the most widely used castor oil derivative)and its salts US Patent No: 6392074
Castor oil and its derivatives are well established green chemicals, castor oil derivatives are used for the preparation of thousands of chemical intermediates to replace crude oil in the chemical industry - Indian institute of Chemical technology - hyderabad

CDC meets plane in N.J.; 2 passengers hospitalizedBy Lenny Bernstein October 4 Follow @LennyMBernstein
Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said the agency is watching more than 40 people as potential contacts of the Ebola patient in Texas. (Reuters)
Federal and state health officials said Saturday that they are continuing to monitor the conditions of 49 people in the Dallas area who may have had contact with Thomas Eric Duncan, the first person diagnosed with the Ebola infection in the United States, but none has shown signs of the disease.
The group includes nine people who almost certainly came in contact with Duncan — four in the apartment where he was staying — and about 40 others whom officials cannot rule out, said Tom Frieden, director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Because most people begin to show signs of infection within eight to 10 days, and Duncan became contagious Sept. 24, the next few days are a critical period in determining whether anyone else has the disease, he said. But he noted that the incubation period can extend for 21 days.
Duncan's condition worsened from serious to critical Saturday afternoon, according to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas. He is isolated and in intensive care.
Meanwhile, the District of Columbia Department of Health announced Saturday that a person admitted to Howard University Hospital  on Friday does not have Ebola. The patient is the second in the past two days to test negative for the virus after showing up at a Washington area hospital with symptoms of the disease. A patient at Shady Gove Adventist Hospital in Rockville, Md., turned out to have malaria, not Ebola, officials said Friday night.
The number of people being monitored for symptoms of Ebola in the U.S. is growing. Here's how the virus spreads and how contact tracing works to stop outbreaks. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Saturday afternoon, the CDC investigated a passenger on a flight that had landed at Newark Airport. The passenger, who was believed to be from Liberia, according to reports in New York media, had vomited during the flight, said a spokeswoman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which oversees the airport. Vomiting can be a symptom of Ebola infection, but also of other diseases common to West Africa, such as malaria .
The spokeswoman, Erica Dumas, said CDC and Port Authority workers met United Flight 998 from Brussels, which landed at 12:15 p.m., and removed a man and his daughter. The rest of the passengers were released at 1:50 p.m. The man and his daughter were taken to University Hospital in Newark.
University Hospital said in a statement on its Facebook page Saturday evening that "the symptoms of one individual were found to be consistent with another, minor treatable condition unrelated to Ebola." The daughter was asymptomatic, the hospital said. Both were to be released but will be monitored, the statement said.
The 49 people who will be monitored for 21 days in Dallas include some who later rode in the ambulance that took Duncan to the hospital Sept. 28, when he became violently ill with Ebola. Frieden said officials couldn't be entirely sure that they did not come in contact with the virus and will track their conditions.
The nine highest-risk patients include an unspecified number of health-care workers who came in contact with Duncan while he had symptoms of the lethal hemorrhagic disease but before he was isolated at the hospital. Another four were living in the Dallas apartment where the Liberian man was staying. The have been moved to a private home in another location donated anonymously.
In all, CDC and local authorities have assessed 114 people to determine whether they had contact with Duncan. Frieden stressed that the numbers in cases where such " contact tracing " must be conducted frequently change, as people remember new contacts or officials discover them.
A hazardous-materials crew arrived Friday at a Texas apartment where the U.S. Ebola patient Thomas Duncan stayed to collect bed sheets and towels used by him before he was hospitalized. (AP)
He said the effort shows that the public health system knows how to contain Ebola in the United States, using methods that public health workers employ every day against tuberculosis, measles and other communicable diseases.
"The way to stop Ebola in its tracks is contact tracing and followup," Frieden said.
Frieden and David Lakey, commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services, offered no clearer explanation Saturday for the system's most notable mistake: When Duncan showed up at Texas Presbyterian with symptoms of Ebola on Sept. 25 and reported that he had been in Africa, health workers there sent him home instead of isolating him. At first that was blamed on a failure of the medical records system that did not send that information to the entire medical team. But the hospital retracted that explanation late Friday night without elaborating on how the mistake was made.
Frieden said that news of the Dallas patient has created an expected surge in reports of Ebola symptoms around the country, with "well over 100 inquiries" about possible cases. He said more than a dozen labs are now able to test blood for the virus, allowing for a more rapid response to any suspected patients.
 
This post has been updated.
 

6 000 private buses to keep off roads todayUpdated: October 5, 2014 02:59 IST
6,000 private buses to keep off roads today
Tamil Nadu Bureau
The Hindu AIADMK MLAs observe a fast during a protest at the MGR memorial in Chennai on Saturday. Photo : B. Jothi Ramalingam
TOPICS
119 AIADMK MLAs observe fast at the MGR memorial from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
About 6,000 private buses will keep off the roads in 29 districts of the State on Sunday.
The Federation of Bus Operators Associations of Tamil Nadu has taken the decision in support of AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa, who has been convicted in a corruption case and jailed in the Bangalore central prison, says a statement adding that members of the federation will sit in fast in all district headquarters during the day.
Asked if the federation was forced to announce the strike, an office bearer said: “There is no demand as such. This is purely in support of Ms. Jayalalithaa. The AIADMK governments have helped us survive in the trade for decades,” he added.
The federation runs fleets in all districts, except Chennai, The Nilgiris and Kanyakumari. Unwilling to get into any political controversy, the federation members say the members belong to all political parties.
The stoppage of services on a Sunday might not affect the public at large.
There are 20,000 government buses and 7,000 minibuses besides omni buses. “We cater to about only five per cent of the transport services on Sundays,” the office bearer noted.
As many as 119 AIADMK MLAs observed a fast in front of the MGR Memorial on Kamarajar Salai from 8am to 5pm on Saturday demanding the release of Ms. Jayalalithaa, from prison.
“It was a peaceful protest. We did not even raise slogans,” said a MLA. The Ministers attended office and were asked not to participate, said sources in the party.
DMDK’s rebel MLAs also participated in the fast. The protesters wore black shirts and women MLAs were clad in black saris. The MLAs carried placards seeking justice and immediate release of their party supremo.
In Tirupur
There was partial response to a call given by certain textile associations to stop garment production in Tirupur knitwear cluster on Saturday to express support and to seek the release of Ms. Jayalalithaa from prison.
Since the cluster was busy executing orders to meet the Deepavali demand and keen on meeting the deadline for export orders, a good number of entrepreneurs did not respond to the shutdown call.
Those who chose to run their units and major trade unionists said the call to stop production on this particular issue would cause disrespect to the judicial system.
Meanwhile, unions began issuing statements to various textile associations asking them to pay full wages for the day to workers.
The associations that made the call for production stoppage included the Tirupur Exporters Association, Dyers Association of Tirupur, South India Hosiery Manufacturers Association, Knit Cloth Manufacturers Association and a few more.
Protest in Kodanad
Hundreds of employees of the Kodanad Tea Estate observed a fast near the estate on Saturday. Demonstrations condemning the imprisonment of Ms. Jayalalithaa continued in various parts of The Nilgiris.

Bikerni: women on wheels break barriers  stereotypesComments
Considered an epitome of everything ‘macho’, one of the last bastions — biker clubs — have been breached.
Several women-only biking clubs and communities have come up in the past couple of years with names marrying the desi with the trendy such as Bikerni, Riderni, Hop on Gurls, The REgals, Bengal Lady Bikers.
And the machines they ride are as menacing as their passion for biking. For most of them it is a statement of their confidence and freedom. If earlier they rode pillion wearing T-shirts with messages such as, ‘Don’t mess with me, my boyfriend rides a Bullet’, now they are in the driver’s seat and the message is loud and clear: ‘I am trespassing, deal with it’. 
Talk about bikes and Seema Sharma Dora, 42, a Delhi-based lawyer starts shifting gear in her head. At about 6am every Sunday, she puts on her biking gear — helmet, padded jackets, gloves, trousers, and riding boots — hops on to her bike — a Yamaha FZ-1 1000cc — and heads straight to either Greater Noida Expressway or GT Karnal Road for her weekly rides.
“When I ride my superbike, I feel I am on top of the world. It is quite an empowering and liberating experience,” says Dora, a member of GODS, a group of Delhi superbikers. 
“When I take off my helmet and people realise that a woman is riding the big bike, they gawp in shock and surprise. What everyone needs to understand is that gone are the days when girls rode scooters and boys the bikes,” says Dora (pic on right).
Bikerni, which was formed in 2011 with 14 girls, now boasts over 515 members across the country with chapters in cities like Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, etc. The group has regular meet-ups and organises all-women biking expeditions across the country.
“The idea behind the association was to promote motorcycling among women and encourage them to fulfill their desire for adventure,” says Urvashi Patola, who co-founded Bikerni. “We are not a group of unruly bikers. We believe in safe riding and promote safe riding.”
But then how safe is it for an all women group to go on cross-country trips? Patola says women are advised to take some safety measures such as not stopping at isolated places and keeping a paper spray with them.
Most states in the country, except Harayna, are pretty good for women riders, she says. “Women bikers are alert and can anticipate risks. Biking has boosted my confidence, made me bold and independent,” says Patola, who won the Female Biker of the Year Award in 2013.
This social media strategist started biking at the age of 14 and is now on the road for half of the year.
For many women, biking is about breaking free. Stuti Rastogi, 20, a Delhi University student started riding bikes to prove that the vehicles are not just ‘boys’ toys’.
“For me biking is not just about fun, it is also about freedom,” says Rastogi who rides a CBR250 and is a part of the Free Souls Rider -- a Delhi-based group of bikers. “I ride a 250cc bike because I do not have money to buy a more powerful one. In fact, my parents who are in Kanpur do not know about my riding expeditions,” says Rastogi who has just returned from a biking trip to Mana Pass, near the Indo-China border.
Not just biking communities, now there several motorcycle training institutes catering mostly to women. Delhi-based Vintage Rides Motor Cycling Training offers ‘customized, one-on-one, motorcycling training sessions at Tughlakabad ground, to both rookies and advance riders. The training costs Rs. 10,500 for a 10-hour training split over a few days.
“As much as 90% of our trainees are women, mostly young executives and students. A lot of them are also expat women. We customize our training on the basis of their needs and  skill level. Women are dedicated and fast learners,” says V Srinivas, head of training programme.
Geraldine Rage, a French expatriate who learnt biking at the institute is quite impressed with India’s biking scene. Rage not only commutes to her office in Okhla on her motorbike but also takes several European women on biking trips around the country. “A lot of women from biking clubs in Europe are coming to India for biking trips. India has much more adventurous biking tracks than France,” says Rage, who lives in Kalkaji.   
Geraldine Rage
Women’s growing  interest in biking is also reflected in the soaring sales of women biking gear and apparel. iRIDE, an online biking gear retailer, currently sells five times more to women than it did two years back. “A couple of years back there was hardly any demand for women biking gear. We used to sell about 60 biking T- shirts for women in a year. Now, we sell about 600 in a year. Interestingly, these days we sell a lot of pink helmets,” says Kaustubh Mishra, CEO of the company.

Asian Games: India s women champs speak up  take a standprint
MC Mary Kom’s success in the past one-and-a-half decades has something to do with the background she comes from. Born in a family of cultivators in Kangathei village near Imphal, she tilled the land and took care of her siblings, being the eldest in the family. She went on to become a five-time world champion, London Olympic Games bronze-medallist and has now been crowned Asian Games champion.
Tintu Luka hails from Kannur district in Kerala. Her father, a mason, left for Saudi Arabia to support the family when she was young. As a child she walked long distances through the hills to reach her school. Her talent was spotted by sprint queen PT Usha, who turned her into a champion; and at Incheon the 24-year-old earned India two medals —gold in the women’s 4x400m relay and silver in 800m.
Surely, Incheon saw Indian women in a new avatar.
The Games were also about women overcoming fear and apprehension to make their voices heard. While not taking anything away from the India men’s hockey team, which triumphed over Pakistan to secure a Rio Olympics berth, or a certain Jitu Rai, whose performance in the shooting arena put him in a different league, it were the women who grabbed the headlines.
It started with Shweta Chaudhry, an underrated but talented shooter, who won a pistol bronze and gave India their first medal at Incheon. The Games culminated for India with a bubbly bunch of women kabaddi players making it a one-sided contest against the sturdy Iran.
Discus thrower Seema Punia wanted to tell her detractors that no matter how hard they tried to run her down, she would come back triumphant. Twice denied the opportunity to compete at the Games, the towering Haryana girl’s ambition was to clinch gold at Incheon before time ran out. “Only my husband (Ankush) knows my suffering. I couldn’t compete at the 2006 Doha Asian Games because my father was ill and in 2010 I couldn’t qualify,” said Seema, whose career has been dogged by doping allegations ever since she was stripped of the World Junior Championships gold at Santiago, Chile in 2000.
Maligned by the system, which has made her look like a dope cheat every time she stepped into the cage in the last decade and a half, she gave a perfect rejoinder with her singular performance. “I never reacted to what they said...just kept training for the event under American throwing coach Tony Ciarelli in California.”
The story of Khushbir Kaur, winner of the 20km walk silver, is even more touching. Her father passed away when she was only seven and her mother had to do menial
jobs to sustain the family of five. Her mother’s determination to make her a sportsperson, even though Khushbir loved studies, was the driving force behind what she has achieved today — a first-ever silver for the country in 20km race walking. Even though she still doesn’t like the gruelling event, Khushbir says she’ll continue doing it “for my mother”.
Historical Win
Not just Khushbir, MR Poovamma, one of the members of the women’s 4x400m relay quartet, owes her success to her mother. “Her presence gives me inner strength. When my legs were aching and lungs gasping for breath, I thought of mother. It gave me the strength to drive ahead of the rest,” she had said after breaking the 52-second barrier in the blistering June heat at the inter-state meet in Lucknow.
That India won the 4x400m relay, which helped the country set an Asian Games record, was due to the efforts of Poovamma, who anchored the race and came up with the best time. The mother wasn’t there to witness history being made, but Poovamma was not afraid this time. She was ready to face the challenge without her mother accompanying her.
As in kabaddi, the women’s 4x400m relay is an event the country’s runners are expected to win every time they take to the track, such has been their dominance. But the citadel seemed to be falling following the doping scandal that broke out after the 2010 Guangzhou Games. Six top quarter-milers were suspended and the relay team was in s shambles.
But the fortitude shown by the quartet of Poovamma, Priyanka Pawar, Mandeep Kaur and Tintu Luka, hailing from diverse backgrounds and coming together to rebuild a team in tatters, will go down in Indian sporting history as one of the most resolute fights on the track ever.

Google to enable faster search on slow mobile network in IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi heats up Maharashtra campaign  slams Pawar but says won t criticise Shiv SenaInto his second day of campaigning for the October 15 elections in Maharashtra, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Sunday that he would not criticise former ally Shiv Sena out of respect for its late leader, Bal Thackeray.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses an election rally in Gondia, Maharashtra. (PTI Photo)
"Political pundits are saying why is Modi not criticising Shiv Sena in his speeches (during poll campaign). This is the first election in absence of late Bal Thackeray, for whom I have great respect. I have decided not to utter a single word against Shiv Sena. This is my tribute to Balasaheb Thackeray.
"There are some things which are above politics...There are feelings. Not everything should be linked to politics," the 64-year-old BJP leader said addressing a poll rally at Tasgaon in Sangli district of western Maharashtra.
Read: Modi kicks off campaign trail in Maharashtra, Haryana; launches attack on Congress
The soft approach set off talk about the possibility of the BJP and Sena coming together after the polls, in case neither was able to form the government on its own. Union transport minister Nitin Gadkari had told HT last week the BJP may have a post-poll alliance with the Sena in such circumstances.
But Modi asked the media not to speculate. Pointing out that certain things were beyond politics, he told a rally in Tasgaon in Sangli district, “These are the first assembly elections to be held without Balasaheb... I have great respect for him.”
He also appealed to voters to give the BJP a clear majority, saying “alliances did you no good... No party takes responsibility in alliances. The BJP will take responsibility if you vote it to power”.   
Modi, who began his speech in Marathi, launched a scathing on Pawar for his comments about Shivaji "plundering" the treasury of Surat.
Read: Now, Pawar hits back at PM Modi
"Pawar's statement has hurt me deeply. You don't have knowledge of history. Gujarat was part of Maharashtra prior to its formation in 1960. We have considered Maharashtra as big brother," he said.
"I want to ask Pawar: you speak of Shivaji. It was the Vajpayee government which named Mumbai airport after Shivaji. You were CM but did not think of it. Even Victoria Terminus was named Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus by Vajpayee government," the PM said. "There is no chance of you (Pawar) getting Shivaji's qualities in your character. But as agriculture minister, had you implemented Shivaji's water management techniques, farmers of Maharashtra would not have committed suicide."
Modi added, "I am amazed. Pawar was the Union agriculture minister. But in his Maharashtra, around 3,700 farmers commit suicide every year. It does not befit Pawar to talk of Shivaji. The statue of Shivaji in Surat is much bigger than the one in your Baramati (Pawar's constituency in western Maharashtra).”
“Stop challenging our Shiv bhakti,” he said.
At a recent poll rally, Pawar had attacked the BJP, saying that the people who had termed Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj a 'looter' were invoking the warrior king to seek votes.
"They never even celebrated Shiv Jayanti and suddenly they have realised the importance of Shivaji Maharaj. All this is for votes only. BJP is well aware that it would not be able to reach out to the masses using its so-called icons and that's why is using Shivaji Maharaj's name and seeking people's blessings," Pawar had said.
Attacking the Congress and the NCP, Modi said both were of the same mould as far as corruption was concerned. "These are the people who robbed Kargil widows of their homes and jobs from youth. They have destroyed Maharashtra," he said. "Do you want to get Maharashtra out of the morass of corruption? I am willing to take responsibility, but elect a government with full majority."
Read: Harbour no grouse against Sonia: Pawar on Cong-NCP split
He said had had the Congress-led UPA government completed work on Narmada project, Maharashtra would have got free electricity worth Rs. 400 crore per year. "Why are sugar mills in Maharashtra closed?" he asked. "The Amul success story of Gujarat is now globally famous but you made sugar mills hub of politics," he said.
Modi began his speech by hailing Chhatrapati Shivaji and paid tributes to Ganesh and Piroba deities. "Sangli, sarvat changli (Sangli is the best of all)," he said. "I am a kaamdar (worker) among all these amdars and khasdars (MLAs and MPs)," Modi said.
"India is shining in the US not because of Modi, but because of the 125 crore people. This is the power of full majority," he said.
Modi said he had asked officials to check how much percentage of natural fruit could be put in soft drinks. "This will ensure that fruits produced by farmers don't rot. I am going ahead with the 'Make In India' mantra so that youth get jobs.”
Modi concluded his speech with an appeal to the crowd to leave the rally venue only after making sure that the ground was free of litter. He also spoke of the Swachh Bharat campaign aimed at creating a clean India.

Austerity vs growth version 3.0 to be in foc...Austerity vs growth version 3.0 to be in focus at G20/IMF
By Reuters | 5 Oct, 2014, 02.46PM IST
Fears of a deflationary spiral pushed the ECB to cut its interest rate to a record low, but falling prices are affecting countries outside the eurozone.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: World policymakers gather in Washington later this week to ponder how to sustain economic recovery at a time when the United States is about to turn off its money taps.
Given the same G20 finance ministers and central bankers met in Australia only two weeks ago it is not hard to guess how the debate will go: most of the western world will urge the euro zone to do more to foster growth and Germany will warn against letting up on austerity.
That debate has circled within the G20 for three years and is fizzing now in Europe with France, Italy and others pressing for a loosening of fiscal strait-jackets to allow time for economic reforms in defiance of Berlin's wishes.
"Existing flexibility within the rules should allow governments to address the budgetary costs of major structural reforms, to support demand and to achieve a more growth-friendly composition of fiscal policies," European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said on Thursday after a monthly policy meeting.
The Federal Reserve will end its programme of bond-buying with new money later this month, a prospect that has already driven the dollar higher and created jitters about a reversal of money flows out of emerging markets back into the United States.
The euro zone in the guise of the ECB has been doing its best to come up with new stimulus, though it has shied away from full quantitative easing so far.
Its most effective card may be euro weakness, the flipside of dollar strength.
The euro is down almost 10 percent from a peak against the dollar in May. With U.S. money printing about to end and speculation about the timing of a first interest rate rise, there are good reasons to think this trend could continue.
The strong U.S. jobs report on Friday did little to change the picture.
"I don't think it changes the Fed dynamics. I still think the first rate hike is maybe mid-year," said Kim Rupert, managing director at Action Economics in San Francisco. "We are trying to gauge whether it's March or June."
If the euro keeps falling, it would push the prices of imports up while making it easier for euro zone countries to sell abroad which should have an upward impact on both growth and inflation. The impact won't be immediate though, as last week's inflation reading of just 0.3 percent demonstrated.
As with Japan last year, G20 policymakers gathered in Washington for the annual meeting of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank are in a poor position to complain about competitive devaluation having demanded stronger European growth for so long.
The IMF will release its latest World Economic Outlook before the meeting starts.
"The global economy is at an inflection point: it can muddle along with sub-par growth, a 'new mediocre'; or it can aim for a better path where bold policies would accelerate growth, increase employment, and achieve a 'new momentum'," IMF chief Christine Lagarde said as she looked ahead to the annual meet.
Last month's G20 meeting again failed to secure agreement on concrete measures, largely due to resistance from Germany, Europe's largest economy.
Page 1 of 2

TCS  2 Others Add Rs 38 768 Crore to Market Value in a WeekYou are here: Home Corporates
TCS, 2 Others Add Rs 38,768 Crore to Market Value in a Week
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 05, 2014 16:18 (IST)
Adani Power Buys Avantha's Plant for Rs 4,200 Crore
New Delhi: Three of the top ten Sensex firms added Rs 38,768.45 crore to market capitalisation in the past week, with IT major Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) emerging as the biggest gainer.
While TCS, Infosys and Sun Pharma saw gains in their market valuation, ONGC, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), ITC, Coal India Ltd (CIL), HDFC Bank, State Bank of India (SBI) and ICICI Bank saw erosion in their M-Cap. The cumulative loss of these seven firms stood at Rs 26,925.45 crore.
The market value of TCS surged by Rs 18,186.79 crore to reach Rs 5,43,684.13 crore while that of Sun Pharma zoomed by Rs 11,049.34 crore to touch Rs 1,78,208.15 crore.
The valuation of Infosys climbed Rs 9,532.32 crore, to Rs 2,20,920.14 crore.
In contrast, the M-Cap of ONGC dipped Rs 8,170.49 crore to Rs 3,44,486.81 crore while that of ITC slipped Rs 6,140.18 crore to Rs 2,90,302.76 crore.
ICICI Bank lost Rs 5,738.02 crore at Rs 1,65,293.81 crore while the value of CIL dropped Rs 2,494.96 crore at Rs 2,17,314.52 crore; RIL (Rs 2,199.28 crore at Rs 2,99,749.54 crore); SBI (Rs 1,485.68 crore at Rs 1,80,894.66 crore), and HDFC Bank (Rs 696.84 crore at Rs 2,09,599.38 crore).
In the ranking of top ten firms, TCS stood at number position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, CIL, HDFC Bank, SBI, Sun Pharma and ICICI Bank.
Meanwhile, over the past week, the BSE 30-stock benchmark index, Sensex, fell by 58.33 points to settle at 26,567.99.
 
Story first published on: October 05, 2014 16:17 (IST)

Typhoon Phanfone: Toyota  Mitsubishi to halt production at some Japan plantsTyphoon Phanfone: Toyota, Mitsubishi to halt production at some Japan plants
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Oct 5:  
Toyota Motor Corp plans to halt production on Monday morning at 12 plants in central Japan due to a typhoon that is hitting the area, spokesman Ryo Sakai said on Sunday.
The 12 plants, which include four vehicle factories as well as engine and automotive parts plants, are all Aichi prefecture in central Japan. Toyota will decide whether to resume production later on Monday depending on the weather conditions, Sakai said.
Mitsubishi Motors Corp also plans to halt production at its Okazaki plant in central Japan on Monday morning and afternoon, spokesman Manabu Yamanishi said.
Nissan Motor Co, Honda Motor Co, Suzuki Motor Corp and Mazda Motor Corp plan to operate their factories as usual, company spokesmen said.
Typhoon Phanfone, which was downgraded from an earlier status of a super typhoon, is moving northeast at 25 kph (16 mph) towards central and eastern Japan after lashing parts of the Kyushu and Okinawa islands, the Japan Meteorological Agency said on Sunday.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Women protesters in Hong Kong allege sexual assaultsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hamilton wins crash-marred Japan Grand Prix raceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

I think I deserve some creditUpdated: October 5, 2014 17:29 IST
‘I think I deserve some credit’
Sangeetha Devi Dundoo
Special arrangement Krishnavamsi with Ram Charan and Srikanth
TOPICS
Telugu cinema
Faced with both bouquets and brickbats, director Krishnavamsi speaks up
Director Krishnavamsi is beaming, with Govindudu Andarivadele tasting box office success. “It’s rejuvenating,” he says, speaking to us on a balmy morning at Annapurna Seven Acres studio. “This gives me the confidence to make my kind of films,” he asserts. The filmmaker is also facing criticism for an oft-repeated storyline and raised a few eyebrows for a few episodes involving the women in the film. Here, he fields a few uncomfortable questions:
The story of Govindudu Andarivadele has many parallels, from Seetharamaiahgari Manavaralu to Attarintiki Daaredi. What made you tow a similar line?
Tell me one new story that has been written since Ramayana and Mahabharata. Aatma Bandhuvu (1962), Devudu Chesina Manushulu (1973), Ramarajyamlo Bheemaraju (1983), Muddula Manavaralu (1986) — which was a remake of the Tamil film Poove Poochooda Vaa — all had a similar structure of a protagonist returning to unite a family.
Then, what triggered Govindudu Andarivadele?
Money has become a driving point in our lives. Success, power, politics and cinema — all revolve around money. We’re losing out on our relationships, sensibilities, neeti (morals) and nijayithi (integrity). I wanted to make a film that would be a reminder to our strong roots, folk arts, music and spirituality. I have also talked about brain drain, which no one is appreciating. Attarintiki Daaredi was more about Pawan Kalyan. Despite casting Ram Charan, I didn’t play to the gallery with a comedy track, punch dialogues or 30-40 people flying in the air in action sequences. Charan plays a regular youngster. I think I deserve some credit for this.
Isn’t the criticism because the audience expects more from directors like you?
This (expectation) becomes a burden. I stand by my films like Sasirekha Parinayam and Paisa, even though they didn’t do well commercially. How long can I take backlashes and not assert my point of view? With GAV, I wanted to show characters from different backgrounds — a grandfather from the village, grandson who comes from the US and the father who leaves the village to pursue a lucrative medical career.
How would you describe the director-actor rapport between you and Ram Charan?
We are the best of friends today. But we began with apprehensions because of our generation gap, my position at the box office and his star image. He confessed that he likes my films, showed confidence in me and opened up. We became good friends since the second schedule.
In one scene, Srikanth tells Kamalinee that he will rape her so that the family will have no option but agree to their marriage. Isn’t this in poor taste?
This girl (Chitra, played by Kamalinee) is an uneducated orphan living in her uncle’s house. She loves her bava (Srikanth) since childhood. He tries to convince her that rape may be the way out for them to get married and cites an example from a film. This scene also shows how cinema can influence people. The core point in this scene is that they love each other and he later turns a new leaf. Don’t look at it from a feminist point of view, from the view point of a maradhalu. She doesn’t hold grudges against him.
Ram Charan photographs Kajal at a pub and taunts her later in the film. Was this warranted?
I took this liberty since this is a bava-maradhalu relationship. As a writer, I know how this character would behave. Initially, he clicks her photograph but doesn’t pursue her even though she reveals her phone number. Only when he learns she is related to him, he teases her, perhaps to break the ice. Why take a moralistic view? These are immature youngsters. I don’t know if the audience would have accepted it if the hero had been more mature, sat across and told her why he came to the village and asked her to help him in bringing the family together.
So, do you justify these episodes in a family entertainer?
What is wrong is wrong; I won’t justify what I’ve shown.
Prakash Raj and Jayasudha’s performances have come in for a lot of appreciation and the conversation towards the climax reminds us Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham…
I loved that pati-parameshwar scene from K3G and wanted our people to get a taste of it. I am not ashamed to say that I drew inspiration from that film. As far as performances are concerned, when a filmmaker is clear about his script and what he wants his actors to do, the actors give their best.

CBI requests HC for hearing on Chautalas bailtomorrowPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 6:12 pm
CBI has requested the Delhi High Court for an urgent hearing tomorrow on its plea seeking immediate cancellation of bail to former Haryana Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala over alleged violation of conditions.
CBI sources said the plea, which was moved last night, had made a special mention for an urgent hearing for cancellation of bail to Chautala, who was granted the relief on medical grounds in May this year. The former Chief Minister had been participating in election rallies in Haryana which goes to polls on October 15.
The 79-year-old Indian National Lok Dal chief was convicted and sentenced to 10 years in jail in a teachers’ recruitment scam case last year and was granted bail to undergo medical treatment.
Following repeated violations of bail conditions, which were brought to the notice of court by CBI, Chautala had volunteered on September 26 that he would surrender after which he was directed to surrender on October 17.
The CBI requested the High Court for an early hearing and in view of holidays in the court, the matter is likely to be listed before a vacation bench tomorrow, the sources said.
Four-time Haryana chief minister Chautala volunteered to surrender as the court was about to order the constitution of a medical board of AIIMS doctors to consider the necessity of keeping Chautala hospitalised.
CBI has informed the court that Chautala addressed a rally at Jind in Haryana on September 25, the sources said.
In its petition, CBI has prayed for immediate cancellation of bail of Chautala and sought his return to jail.
Delhi High Court had on Friday issued a notice to CBI on a petition seeking immediate cancellation of Chautala’s bail on the grounds that he would “misuse the grace period of 17 days given to him to surrender” by taking part in campaigning.
A special CBI court on January 22, 2013, had convicted and sentenced Chautala, his son Ajay and eight others to 10 years in jail for their role in the illegal recruitment of 3,206 junior teachers in 2000.
Among the others convicted in the case, 44 were sentenced to four years in jail while one was handed a five-year prison term. All of them were found guilty of cheating, forgery, using fake documents and conspiracy under IPC and of abusing their official position under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Chautala was chief minister for six months between 1980 and 1990, five days in July 1990 and for 14 days in 1991.
Finally, he had a complete five-year tenure starting in 1999.

Years after its construction  Delhi Eye is finally open topublicIt is constructed on the lines of the famous such flyers in London and Singapore. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
Written by Divya A | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 6:06 pm
Delhi Eye, a 200-foot-tall ferris wheel adjacent to Kalindi Kunj in Okhla, has been finally thrown open to the public. It is constructed on the lines of the famous such flyers in London and Singapore. In fact, the same Dutch company which created the Singapore Flyer, was hired to construct the Delhi Eye. Although the structure came up a couple of years ago, it had rolled into controversy before its inauguration. A court-appointed committee overseeing encroachments on the river called it “illegal”, saying it falls within the 300-metre strip along either side of the river where private and commercial construction has been forbidden.
“But all due clearances have been obtained now, and from now, it’s up and running all seven days of the week,” said Syed Salim, Managing Director of iZara Entertainment, which runs the wheel. Also present at the launch was Henk Roodenburg, President of Dutch Wheels & Venkoma Rides, which has constructed the structure at a cost of approximately Rs 70 crore. The Netherlands-based company runs several giant wheels at well-known tourist locations in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Roodenburg said, “This observatory-style experience would be special for Delhiites since the far reaching view over Delhi is spectacular.”
From 36 air-conditioned cabins, Delhi Eye offers a bird’s eye view of popular sites in the vicinity – including Akshardham Temple, Humayun’s Tomb and even Lotus Temple, in a span of 20 minutes. Each trip, which comprises three rounds, costs Rs 250 per head. About 18-storey high (45 metres), the giant wheel has a total capacity of 288 people. On a clear day, one can even see Connaught Place from a distance.
“We hope the strategic location of amusement park at Kalindi Kunj will make it accessible to people from Delhi, Ghaziabad, Faridabad and Gurgaon and the tourists will have another spot to visit in Delhi,” said Salim, adding, “As it starts doing well, we are going to add narrations, LCD screens and meals to add to the experience.”

Taylor Swift joins The Voice as guestadvisorPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 5, 2014 5:54 pm
Country star Taylor Swift is joining ‘The Voice’ as an advisor, taking up the position Chris Martin left vacant last season.
The 24-year-old will be appearing on the show’s seventh season, which began airing the blind auditions section on September 22, reported MTV online.
The show will properly begin at the end of October when Swift will be joining the show as an advisor. She will be working alongside fellow advisors Stevie Nicks, Gavin Rossdale, Little Big Town and Alicia Keys.
Swift will be taking up the advisor position which was last occupied by Coldplay’s Chris Martin last season. Swift will be advising all the competitors, regardless of their coach and team.
Swift confirmed her position via Twitter.
“Way excited about being a key advisor on NBC The Voice,” she posted.

Festivals shouldn t be an excuse to invest in goldThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Toyota  Mitsubishi to halt production at some Japan plants due to typhoonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Asian Games review: Rising up to the Asian ChallengeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

This season is wasteful (but fun)Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sorry friends  on deeper analysis of elliott waves  it seems ew3 has e...Platinum Member
129 Followers
GNFC is in bullish mode. Its 20DMA has crossed its 50DMA. It also seems to be in Elliott wave 3 in daily charts (to be confirmed above 107.70). If it is confirmed then we can look for the target of 140. But a lot depends on the market conditions, which are not exactly bullish right now. If market sustains, GNFC seems all right.
12.26 AM Oct 3rd

Don`t think more. accumulate at all lower levels. within this year it ...Platinum Member
320 Followers
Meaningful posts with creativeness effects always have their own intrinsic and ever bright worthiness. Keep it up and cover more scrips with such more worth full messages and posts.
11.22 AM Oct 6th

Lol  leave it  then start shorting  nifty has to touch 8300 before goi...Platinum Member
91 Followers
major trend is up , but intermediate trend is down, and at 7000 nifty will be still 1900 points up from 5100 , when this trend started,sooner or later people who entered at 6000 will start profit booking, another thing rupee went from 68 to 60 which is app 15 percent up, so for someone like fii who invested when nifty 5100 and rupee 68, they are almost 80 percent up, plus look last 15 days of fii data on NSE website, they are continuously seeling particulary govt bonds which will effect ruppe and ultimately will effect stocks.

JP Morgan Sells Commodity Arm to Mercuria for $800 Million: ReportAdani Power Buys Avantha's Plant for Rs 4,200 Crore
London: JPMorgan Chase & Co raised $800 million from the sale of its physical commodities unit to trader Mercuria, about a quarter of the initial valuation as the transaction excluded some oil and metal stockpiles and other assets, sources close to the deal said.
Announced last March, the deal was originally valued at $3.5 billion, but the price turned out to be lower because Mercuria bought less of the metals and oil in JPMorgan's inventories, the sources said.
JP Morgan also excluded its oil supply agreement with a major Philadelphia refinery, which it is likely to transfer to Bank of America Corp, sources said.
JPMorgan also decided against selling to Mercuria its metals trading business, sources said, without giving the reason why such a decision was taken.
The divestment of all assets in various transactions together should allow JPM to raise the initially targeted $3.5 billion, one of the sources said.
JPMorgan decided to sell its multibillion-dollar physical commodities division last year because of rising regulatory and political pressure and to concentrate on its core business of lending.
The deal will allow Mercuria to expand into metals and North American markets as it seeks to enter the top league of commodities traders.
"When we founded Mercuria 10 years ago, it was our goal to develop a global energy-focused commodities group," said Marco Dunand, chief executive of Mercuria.
"This acquisition helps to bring that vision to reality by building upon our physical power, gas and oil operations in North America and by adding to our client base," he added.
Private trading houses have benefited the most from a major retreat by banks from commodities trading over the past two years.
Mercuria had a 2013 turnover of $112 billion and is primarily focused on energy, with over 1,000 people operating from offices around the world.
JPMorgan employees transferring to Mercuria will primarily join Mercuria's trading hubs of Houston, London, Calgary, Singapore and Greenwich, Connecticut.
As part of the deal, Mercuria will acquire Henry Bath, an historic metals warehousing, storage and handling business. Mercuria will operate Henry Bath as a stand-alone subsidiary independent from its trading operations, it said.
JPMorgan paid nearly $2 billion to buy the largest part of the commodities business from RBS in 2010.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Wall Street Week Ahead: Want to Get Back Into Stocks Check Junk Spreads FirstHow Global Stock Markets Will Perform in 2015
New York: A positive vibe returned to the US stock market Friday, leaving some to wonder if, after two weeks of losses, the latest selloff scare was over. The best clues may come from what happens to low-quality corporate bonds.
The most recent decline in the S&P 500 marks the third time in six months that the market has looked wobbly and threatened a significant reversal. Each time, so far, it has bounced back quickly.
But what has some investors most worried this time around is the recent, notable underperformance in junk bonds in the past few months. In the past this has been a precursor to bearishness in the equity market.
High-yield corporate bond spreads, the premium investors get for purchasing low quality corporate debt as opposed to benchmark US Treasuries, have been increasing steadily since late June. A widening spread means their performance is lagging higher-quality bonds.
The spread has since widened by more than 100 basis points, according to Bank of America-Merrill Lynch data. Previous spikes of this magnitude have preceded pullbacks in the S&P 500, and the greater the selloff in high-yield debt, the worse the outcome was for stocks.
"Spreads are widening and it's certainly not a good time for equities. It doesn't have to be a terrible time, but it's telling you people are on the margin taking risk off," said Paul Zemsky, chief investment officer of Multi-Asset Strategies and Solutions at Voya Investment Management in New York.
He said that while reduced liquidity in the high-yield bond market could exaggerate the moves in spreads, the overall signal is of a marked shift in sentiment.
"I do think (the spread) has some information in terms of risk appetite and how people see economic growth," Zemsky said.
High yield most recently started widening against Treasuries beginning on June 23, when the S&P 500 was around 1,960, with the peak set earlier this week at an increase of 116 basis points. The S&P closed the week at 1,967.90 while the yield spread tightened slightly to 107 basis points.
The last time such a shift in spreads started was in May 2013, and it preceded a near 6 per cent fall in the S&P. Weakening in junk bonds in early 2012 also preceded an S&P downdraft between April and June 2012, when the S&P last flirted with a 10 per cent drop.
However, the move may not yet signal a market correction. As has been the pattern in 2014, investors are content to move money between different stock market sectors rather than flee altogether. Small-cap shares entered a correction at one point this week and the S&P energy sector fell 13 per cent from their 2014 peak, but investors piled into the healthcare sector, which hit a lifetime record early last week.
In April 2011, high yield spreads began widening in a move that eventually reached 450 basis points. Stocks didn't begin to correct until the spread had moved nearly 100 basis points, but eventually they sank nearly 20 per cent.
"If you run a chart of junk spreads going back five years this move is tiny. We've seen much, much bigger moves in junk, and much bigger selloffs in junk in the last five years," said Brian Reynolds, chief market strategist at Rosenblatt Securities in New York.
The current spike, he said, "did predict (the move) in stocks, it did follow through and we're probably now reaching a climax of panic," he said.
This is why the next move in credit spreads becomes key. Next week is relatively light for economic data. Investors haven't run entirely from bond markets, but have shifted funds around. High yield funds saw an outflow of $2.3 billion in the most recent week to October 1, the most since early August, according to Lipper, as they moved money into high-grade corporate debt.
The focus may shift again to escalating conflicts in the Middle East, the stubborn weakness of the European economy, or the outcome of Hong Kong pro-democracy protests that are challenging the authority of Beijing.
For Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin, the key lies in earnings reports, which begin in two weeks.
"If we don't get earnings corroborating the (bearish) story being told by spreads, then I think we'll see the spreads come in."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Jackie Wullschlager on the inflated world of contemporary artThe meaning of contemporary art
By Jackie Wullschlager
Jackie Wullschlager examines recent attempts by critics to make sense of art and the inflated world that surrounds it
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a696634c-47bd-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hurricane Simon Intensifies Off Mexico s CoastHurricane Simon Weakens Off Mexico's Coast
Posted:
reddit
MIAMI (AP) — Simon is rapidly weakening but remains a major hurricane in the Pacific that poses no direct threat to land.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center in Miami says Simon's maximum sustained winds decreased to 115 mph (185 kph) Sunday. The Category 4 hurricane is expected to continue weakening.
The center says the hurricane is located about 435 miles (705 kilometers) west of the southern tip of the Baja peninsula and is moving northwest at 10 mph (17 kph). There are no coastal watches or warnings in effect.
Simon is expected to produce up to 4 inches (10 centimeters ) of rain, with isolated amounts of 8 inches (20 centimeters), across central portions of the peninsula and in the northwestern state of Sonora. Swells could cause life-threatening surf and rip current conditions.
More:

Festive season expected to ring in cheer for auto sectorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Redskins-Seahawks: Five storylines to followBy Mike Jones October 5 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Kirk Cousins and the Redskins will have their hands full trying to take down Pete Carroll and the defending champion Seahawks on Monday night. (Elaine Thompson/Associated Press)
The Washington Redskins return to action Monday night, hoping to rebound from their embarrassment against the Giants with an upset victory over Seattle. The Seahawks, despite playing on the road, are currently 7.5-point favorites.
Doing so will prove challenging, especially for the Redskins, who have lost their past six prime-time matchups. The Seahawks own a 10-1 record on the national stage since Pete Carroll took over in 2010.
Here are five story lines to follow Monday night.
1. Response to adversity – Even back in training camp, Jay Gruden said that everything seemed positive, but he cautioned that he wouldn’t learn what his team was made of until the players faced adversity. Well, adversity definitely struck last Thursday, and now we’ll see if the Redskins are capable of bouncing back. Gruden is working to change the culture at Redskins Park and he’s watching closely to see which players are content with a continuation of the losing ways, and which are sick of it and really want better. Eventually, he’ll weed out those stuck in that losing mentality. Who puts up a fight against the Super Bowl champs and tries to lead the turnaround from 1-3?
2. Cousins’s grit – Kirk Cousins’s second start ended in disaster – four second-half interceptions and a loss. By following up a promising initial start with struggles, he remained true to the disturbing pattern he has displayed thus far in his young career. What we haven’t seen, however, is whether or not he has the ability to rebound from such woeful performances. If he wants to establish himself as a starter in the league, an ability to bounce back is a must. Doing so against a talented secondary like Seattle’s would make a statement.
3. Morris’s workload – One of the best ways Gruden can position Cousins for success is easing the pressure on him by giving the young QB a strong rushing attack so he doesn’t feel like he has to do it all. Gruden this week has said repeatedly that the Redskins must do a better job of using Morris . The only problem is, the Seahawks will likely bring eight men into the box to take away running lanes. And, they don’t come much tougher against the run than they do in Seattle. The Seahawks rank second in the NFL in yards per game (72.3) and first in yards per carry (2.8). Even if the impact is minimal early on, Redskins have to remain patient and understand that Morris has the ability to wear a defense down, and that he gets better as games progress.
4. Front seven showing – Washington’s defensive front has one of the toughest challenges it will face all season. Running back Marshawn Lynch ranks among the best backs in the league . Wide receiver Percy Harvin, also used as a ballcarrier on jet sweeps and other plays, has great speed and physicality as well . Quarterback Russell Wilson does a very good job of using his legs to elude defenders and extend plays. The Redskins have done well against the run, but they have struggled to get to the quarterback. They must do both Monday if they expect to have a shot at winning.
5. Special teams play – Ben Kotwica’s charges escaped the Giants game without disaster, and Gruden insists he sees improvements. But he stresses that the team needs more. Eventually, the coach said, the special teams units need to provide a kick or punt return for a touchdown, or a blocked punt. It’d be great for Washington if this could be the week. But more than anything, they must contain Harvin, who has the speed to take one to the house on any touch. The Redskins also can’t afford to squander opportunities, so Kai Forbath must be on point when it comes to field goals.
The Redskins head into Week 5 against the defending Super Bowl champion Seattle Seahawks and their dynamic secondary. The Washington Post's Mike Jones and Jason Reid say that quarterback Kirk Cousins should proceed with caution when looking down field. (Randolph Smith/The Washington Post)
Join us at 6:30 p.m. Monday through game’s end for a Redskins vs. Seahawks live blog. The Insider also hosts a separate discussion thread.
More from The Post:

First draft of Constitution to be ready by January: Deubagovernment
The first draft of Nepal’s new Constitution will be ready by the January 22 deadline, former Prime Minister and senior Nepali Congress leader Sher Bahadur Deuba has said.
Mr. Deuba assured the Nepali community living in the U.K. that the drafting of the new Constitution will be completed within the stipulated time, party sources in Kathmandu said.
Mr. Deuba was speaking at a programme organised at Nepali embassy in London on Saturday.
“There is no disagreement about completing the first draft of the new Constitution in time as the parties have reached consensus on key contentious issues except federalism,” said Mr. Deuba.
He claimed that parties involved with the draft process have agreed to provide special citizenship to non-residential Nepalis (NRN) but conceded there have been complications over providing political rights.
“There would be confusion among the person assuming the political posts as to which country to give priority,” he said.
The Nepali Congress leader said that his party is resolute on its views that former Gurkha soldiers be given pension and other benefits on par with their British counterparts.
Political parties, which pledged during the second Constituent Assembly elections, have set January 22 as deadline to draft the Constitution so as to institutionalise the achievements of the Peoples Movement of 2006.
Political instability has plagued Nepal since the end of the civil war in 2006.
Politicians have yet to agree on a new Constitution — a key part of the peace deal with the Maoists — and are at odds over proposals to divide Nepal into states, along ethnic lines.

Burdwan blast: BJP says Mamata regime turning West Bengal into a safe haven for terrorists61
0
Kolkata: The Bharatiya Janata Party attacked the ruling Trinamool Congress in West Bengal in connection with the explosion at TMC leader Nurul Hasan Choudhury's residence in Khagragarh locality of Burdwan district. Some suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) terrorists were killed while allegedly trying to make an IED.
The BJP said that the Mamata Banerjee government should explain its links with the suspects killed and why the evidence collected by the police was destroyed and not handed over to the National Investigation Agency.
The BJP accused the TMC government of providing safe haven to terrorists. "We can safely conclude that West Bengal under Mamata Banerjee's rule has become a safe haven for anti-national elements and jihadi activities," alleged BJP Secretary Siddharth Nath Singh.
Singh alleged that the Burdwan police instead of handing over to the NIA the materials recovered, took away the entire evidence and destroyed it.
"Why was the NIA informed almost a day late," he asked.
Meanwhile, the police have questioned the widows of the two suspects killed. The two women were detained along with a suspect who was critically injured in the blast on Thursday afternoon.
The CID of West Bengal police is looking into possible involvement of terror outfits like Lashkar-e-Toiba and Harkat-ul Jihadi al-Islami in the blast which left two suspected terrorists dead.
It is suspected that the victims of the explosion were associated with a terror outfit as a large number of watch dials, SIM cards, and other tools required to make improvised explosive devices were found in the house, police had said on Saturday.
(With additional information from PTI)
65

Delhi: DERC to review fuel surcharge  tariff may go up in November45
0
New Delhi: Power tariff in the city may go up next month as Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission is all set to levy a fuel surcharge to help the private distribution companies adjust their power purchase cost.
While hiking the power tariff by up to 7.5 per cent for domestic consumers, the DERC in July had withdrawn Power Purchase Adjustment Cost (PPAC) of around 8 per cent till October.
Chairman of Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission PD Sudhakar said a decision on "readjusting" the tariff will be taken by end of the month after examining the petitions of the three private discoms to review the PPAC.
Power experts said discoms Tata Power Delhi Distribution Ltd, BSES Rajdhani Power Ltd, BSES Yamuna Power Ltd may see a hike in the range of 6 to 8 per cent.
#delhi #derc #power tariff #power
"We will take a decision on the fuel surcharge based on petitions of the discoms. A decision will be taken by end of this month and if there is a hike in tariff, then it will come into effect from November," Sudhakar said.
The regulator had introduced PPAC in 2012 to help the private power distribution companies recover additional cost on account of increase in coal and gas prices. Delhi gets power from a number of gas and coal-based power generation plants.
Power experts said the three discoms Tata Power Delhi Distribution Ltd, BSES Rajdhani Power Ltd and BSES Yamuna Power Ltd may see a hike in the range of 6 to 8 per cent.
While hiking the power tariff by up to 7.5 per cent for domestic consumers, the DERC in July had withdrawn PPAC of around 8 per cent for three months.
The withdrawal of the PPAC resulted in marginal decline of tariff for the consumers, whose monthly consumption does not exceed 400 units.
In January, the DERC had hiked the fuel surcharge to the tune of 8 per cent for BSES Yamuna Power Ltd, 6 per cent for BSES Rajdhani and 7 per cent for Tata Power Delhi Distribution Ltd.
The private power distribution companies, particularly, BRPL and BYPL, have been demanding significant hike in tariff, citing rise in power purchase cost.
Both the discoms supply power in 70 per cent areas in Delhi. According to DERC figures, the private discoms operating in the city have a revenue gap of a whopping Rs 19,500 crore.
As per official figures, around 80-90 per cent of total revenue of discoms goes into purchasing power from central and state government owned entities through long term power purchase agreement, at rates determined by the central and state regulators.
The experts said discoms' cost of buying power from generating companies has increased by around 300 per cent in the last two years while the power tariff, in the corresponding period, has risen by around 70 per cent.
The city has seen a series of hike in power tariff in the last two years.
The tariff was hiked by 22 per cent in 2011 followed by five per cent hike in February 2012. The tariff was hiked by up to two per cent in May 2012 year and again by 26 per cent for domestic consumers in July 2012.
The tariff was hiked by up to three per cent in February last year and again by five per cent in August last.
The cost of buying power has increased primarily on account of an increase in the input prices of raw material like coal and gas, officials said.
273

Modi accuses previous Congress Govt for hindering developmentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hooda promises to relieve farmers from burden of interest on loansThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Haitians react to  Baby Doc  Duvalier s deathThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Delhi: NDMC on cleanliness overdrive to banish garbage by October 319
0
New Delhi: The New Delhi Municipal Corporation has set itself a target of making the areas under its jurisdiction garbage free by October 31 and is ready with an action plan to intensify its cleaning operations in the wake of the launch of the 'Swachh Bharat' mission by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
In keeping with the decision to intensify its cleaning initiative, NDMC has identified areas for special attention and is stepping up operations directed at ensuring proper hygiene and sanitation.
Thus, NDMC is planning to make special efforts for the cleaning of backlanes of several colonies and areas which attract a high footfall of visitors, like Hanuman Temple road, Sarojini Nagar market, Connaught Place, etc, officials said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had on October 2 wielded a broom and swept a pavement in Valmiki Basti  as he launched the country's biggest-ever cleanliness drive.
#ndmc #delhi #cleanliness drive #clean india
Also, sanitation workers will be asked to give specific attention to the corners, backlanes, and overflowing dhalaos where there is the highest possibility of garbage accumulating, said PK Sharma, Director (health), NDMC.
NDMC has also directed its tricycle rickshaws to now collect garbage thrice daily instead of the once earlier, Sharma said, adding that 800 new garbage trolleys have been ordered for the purpose.
Door-to-door garbage collection has already been started in six colonies, including Jor Bagh, Golf Links, Rajinder Nagar and Khan Market, he said.
NDMC is also regularising the services of 762 sanitation workers who were working on contract basis. Also, attendance of the workers would now be registered digitally.
The civic body has also signed a contract with a private company, JCD Cox, for the upkeep of Connaught Place where redevelopment work ended earlier this year.
It also recently organised a rally during which schoolchildren offered flowers to people who were found littering in Connaught Place.
The civic body has a created a Facebook page, 'hohoshameshame' where it has asked people to post photographs of those they find littering or urinating at public places.
The Prime Minister had on October 2 wielded a broom and swept a pavement in Valmiki Basti, which falls under NDMC's jurisdiction, as he launched the country's biggest-ever cleanliness drive.
18

Power generation in Gujarat unaffected due to coal shortage: Saurabh Patel4
0
Vadodara: Power generation in Gujarat is not affected due to coal shortage and the state is meeting demand of its various consumers without imposing any restrictions, Energy Minister Saurabhbhai Patel said.
Power generation at coal-based thermal stations located at Wanakbori (with 1,470 mw installed capacity), Gandhinagar (870 mw capacity), Ukai (850 mw)and Sikka (240 mw) is not affected and all of them have been generating power as usual," Patel said.
The total power generation in Gujarat stands at around 12,830 mw as of now that includes power generated by the Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Limited (GSECL), state government owned IPPs (independent power producers), other power producers and central sector power projects, he said.
Power generation in Gujarat is not affected due to coal shortage and the state is meeting demand of its various consumers.
#gujarat #saurabh patel #coal #national thermal power corporation
It also includes 202 mw of wind power generation and 566 mw of solar power generation in the state, he said.
On October 1, the GSECL and National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) signed a memorandum of understanding to swap 1 million tonne of coal, Patel said.
In turn, Gujarat will utilise the imported coal for its power plants, Patel said.
"Owing to its proximity with the sea, Gujarat can save freight cost for sourcing coal from domestic mines, which runs higher than the cost of procurement, and consume imported coal for its thermal plants. Such swapping of coal will lead to savings of Rs 378 crore per million tonne," he said.
"As power generation increases in the country, import of coal is also set to increase. In such a case, states which are closer to ports should use more imported coal than those that are away from ports," he said.
4

Bad weather forces cancellation of Modis Nashik rallyComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s proposed election rally at Nashik in Maharashtra was cancelled at the last minute today due to a severe storm in the area.
The BJP leader was expected to travel by air from Gondia, his third rally stop in Maharashtra, to Nashik but could not do so due to the inclement weather.
“The prime minister’s scheduled election tour programme at Nashik this evening has been postponed due to a severe storm,” BJP’s Maharashtra affairs in-charge Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
The first three of the prime minister’s Maharashtra rallies today were at Tasgaon in Sangli district, Kalamba in Kolhapur and in Gondia. He was slated to address the Nashik rally at 8:35 P.M.

Dallas Ebola patient fighting for his life  CDC head saysBy Sean Sullivan October 5 Follow @WaPoSean
"We're confident we won't see a large number of cases from this," said Thomas Frieden, the head of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (Tami Chappell/Reuters)
A top federal health official said Sunday morning that a man being treated for Ebola in a Dallas hospital was "fighting for his life."
Thomas Frieden, the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said Thomas Eric Duncan remains the only person diagnosed with Ebola in the country. Frieden said he expected that the infection would not spread rapidly to others through people who had contact with Duncan.
"We're confident we won't see a large number of cases from this," Frieden said.
The CDC head made his remarks on CNN's "State of the Union." Duncan's condition worsened from serious to critical Saturday afternoon, according to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas, where he is being treated.
Frieden said officials were monitoring about 50 people who may have come into contact with Duncan to see whether they develop a fever. They will be monitored for 21 days, he said.
"Contact tracing is the core public health activity that is stopping this in its tracks," Frieden said.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Global Economy Week Ahead: Austerity vs. Growth Version 3.0 at G20Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Islamic State fighters in Iraq beat back armed forces in Sunni town: policeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FIIs  MFs take different pathsDifferent strokes: Mutual funds were sellers in the small-cap stocks that were bought by FIIs. - BIKERIDERLONDON/SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
Domestic mutual funds favoured MNCs but FIIs held a bearish view on these stocks
In addition to sound fundamentals, buying interest from institutional investors — foreign institutional investors and mutual funds — also supported the rally in pharma stocks. But the stock choices of these two classes of investors have been quite different.
Buying large-cap
In the last one year, FIIs have been buyers in Indian pharma stocks.
Dr Reddy’s has been the top addition in the large-cap space; FII holding in the stock has increased from 32.7 per cent at the end of June 2013 to 35.3 per cent this June. Strong performance over the last few quarters and a sharp 20 per cent-plus correction in the stock price during the first half of 2014 possibly triggered buying interest in this stock.
Other stocks where FIIs have taken fresh positions in the last one year include Ranbaxy Labs (2 per cent increase), Lupin (1 per cent), Cipla (0.58 per cent), Cadila (0.51 per cent) and Sun Pharma (0.19 per cent). Sun’s acquisition of Ranbaxy and the former’s good long-term prospects may have evoked interest in Sun Pharma’s stock, despite the strong rally in the stock over the last year. FIIs may have capitalised on the Ranbaxy route to buy into Sun Pharma.
For Cipla, improvement in profitability on a sequential basis due to concerted efforts to scale down low-margin businesses, expected pay-offs from its investments such as the inhaler franchise in the EU have added to the attractiveness of the stock.
Though FIIs have increased their exposure to Lupin in the last one year, they have marginally reduced exposure in the last six months. However, next to Dr Reddy’s, FIIs hold significant stake in Lupin.
As of June 2014, FII holding in the stock stood at 31.7 per cent.
FIIs have also picked up a reasonably big chunk in select small- and mid-cap pharma companies. Aurobindo Pharma tops the list; foreign institutions have bought an additional 9.72 per cent of the company’s total equity in the last one year. Shasun Pharma was the other stock which saw significant increase in FII holding — from barely 0.1 per cent last year to 6.68 per cent as of June 2014. Equity investment by animal health JV partner Sequent Scientific may have aroused institutional interest in this stock.
Other small-cap names that have seen significant increase in FII holding include Natco Pharma, Ajanta Pharma, Shilpa Medicare, Sequent Scientific, Granules India and Bliss GVS Pharma. In the mid-cap space Torrent Pharma and Divi’s Labs were favoured by FIIs.
Sellers in MNCs
When it comes to their investment calls on multinational pharma companies, FII moves have largely been on expected lines. Barring Pfizer India and AstraZeneca Pharma (India), where foreign institutions have bought 0.97 per cent and 0.65 per cent of their respective outstanding equity, they have been reducing exposure to other multinationals.
They have sold a little over 21 per cent in GSK Pharma during the year; possibly offloading a large part of their holding during the open offer made by the parent in February this year.
They have also trimmed holdings in Abbott India, Sanofi India, Merck and Wyeth India.
But what did MFs bet on?
Domestic mutual funds did quite the opposite of what their foreign peers did! They were buyers in stocks of most multinationals even as FIIs held a bearish view on these stocks, GSK Pharma, Pfizer India and Sanofi India being the exceptions. Merck India topped the list of stocks that saw an increase in mutual fund holding — from 7.9 per cent at the end of June 2013 to 9.97 per cent as of this June. Novartis India, Abbott India, Wyeth and AstraZeneca were the other multinational companies that appealed to domestic fund houses.
They sold most large-cap stocks which were picked up by FIIs — Dr Reddy’s, Ranbaxy Labs, Cadila Healthcare and Sun Pharma were their top sells. However, Lupin and Cipla did find some appeal among MF houses; their holdings in these stocks have gone up by 0.48 per cent and 0.16 per cent, respectively, in the last one year.
Not surprisingly, MFs were sellers in the small-cap stocks that were bought by FIIs.
The list includes Natco Pharma, Aurobindo Pharma, Shasun Pharma and Dishman Pharma. Instead, MFs chose to bet on a varied set of small-cap stocks such as TTK Healthcare, Unichem Labs, Jubilant Lifescience, Suven Life Science and Vinati Organics.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Aircraft Tracking Plans Promised After MH370 Delayed
Flying While Sick Not Required to Tell
UBS hits out at Paris over tax probeUBS criticises Paris over tax probe
By James Shotter in Vienna and Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fafa30b2-4ae7-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesco takes delivery of $50m corporate jetTesco takes delivery of $50m corporate jet
By Andrea Felsted, Jane Wild and Peggy Hollinger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b99d3c8-4b2c-11e4-8a0e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Small-cap Week  October 4© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d7e3e84-4b45-11e4-b2e3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India Should Aim $40 Billion Gold Jewellery Exports by 2020: WGCReserve Bank Planning More Measures for NBFCs
New Delhi: India, the world's largest gold consumer, should target five-fold increase in gold jewellery exports to $40 billion by 2020 from the current level of $8 billion, according to the World Gold Council (WGC).
The country should also put to use about 22,000 tonnes of gold lying idle with households and temples and reduce its dependence on imports in the next five years, it said.
Besides, it should aim creation of 5 million new jobs across the gold value chain --manufacturing, retailing, assaying and recycling areas, it added.
"Our vision for gold is that it should be put to work for the economy, creating jobs, developing skills, generating exports and revenues -- an essential part of the financial, economic and social structure of the country," WGC said in its Vision 2020 for the country.
In the next five years, India should target to be 'jeweller to the world' and gold jewellery exports from here should increase five-fold to $40 billion from the current level of $8 billion, it said in a statement.
WGC said that the country should meet 40 per cent of gold demand from its domestic stocks and the rest 60 per cent through imports and mining.
That apart, India should target 75 per cent of gold sold to be standardised and hallmarked in the next five years. It should also provide higher loan to value ratio for hallmarked jewellery and ensure mandatory hallmarking for pieces above a designated selling price, WGC said.
Story first published on: October 04, 2014 16:57 (IST)

Poet Mary Szybist on that other MaryBy Ron Charles October 4 Follow @roncharles
National Book Award-winning poet Mary Szybist. (Joni Kabana)
“All you can do is fail,” said Mary Szybist about the challenge of measuring herself against the ideal of the Virgin Mary.
“There’s something profoundly inhuman about her. She is valued because she is a mother and because she is a virgin. And I am not either. So how do you make your way in the world as a woman when you are not aspiring to and cannot be valued for either of those and do not want to be valued for either of those?”
Szybist, who won a National Book Award last year for “ Incarnadine ,” was my guest for “The Life of a Poet” at the Hill Center on Sept. 17. A video of our conversation — her first appearance in Washington since winning the NBA — has just been posted:
 
“Incarnadine” revolves around the Annunciation — that moment in the Gospel of Luke when the angel Gabriel tells the Virgin Mary that she will bear the son of God. “Creating a new relationship to her, which is a way of creating a new relationship to myself, is part of the struggle of the book,” Szybist said.
The evening, co-sponsored by the Library of Congress, involved a wide-ranging discussion on faith, feminism, relationships and, most notably, her poetry. You can hear her reading several poems from “Incardadine” and her previous collection, “Granted,” in this video.
Szybist, who teaches English at Lewis & Clark College in Portland, Ore., has a quiet, insistent voice that kept the audience entranced for more than an hour. Toward the end, she read her strange poem of octopus love, “The Lushness of It,” and then concluded with her gorgeous “Here, There are Blueberries.”
The next episode of “The Life of Poet” will be with August Kleinzahler on Nov. 4. Tickets are free, but you need a reservation .
Ron Charles is the editor of The Washington Post's Book World. For a dozen years, he enjoyed teaching American literature and critical theory in the Midwest, but finally switched to journalism when he realized that if he graded one more paper, he'd go crazy.

Author economics: the brutal truth© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/89070fee-49ba-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Two women held in connection with Burdwan blastComments
Two women were arrested and remanded to police custody for two weeks on Sunday in connection with the explosion at Khagragarh that left two suspected militants dead.
SMH Mirza, superintendent of police (SP) said the two women — Rajira Bibi alias Rumi hailing from Karimpur in Nadia and Ameena Bibi hailing from Lalbagh in Murshidabad — were arrested on Sunday morning.
Burdwan blast: phones with 'jihadi' videos found
Rumi is the widow of suspected militant Shakil Ahmed, who was killed in the explosion in a house at Khagragarh on October 2, while Ameena Bibi is the wife of Abdul Hakim, who was critically injured in the blast. They were later produced before a local court which sent them to police custody, Mirza said. The CID of West Bengal police is looking into possible involvement of terror outfits like Lashkar-e-Taiba and Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami in the blast.
It is suspected that the victims of the explosion were associated with a militant outfit as a large number of watch dials, SIM cards, and other tools required to make improvised explosive devices were recovered, police said.
Meanwhile, Hakim’s family members expressed said it was not unexpected for him as they had suspected foul play since last few years.
“At first, he used to visit house on a regular basis. Since the last two years, he had only visited his house only once,” recalled Muntaj Ali, a local villager. “He had changed a lot…his attitude was not at all normal or as before. For which we prefer not to keep touch with him,” he added.

Occupy protesters thin out ahead of HK police action‘Occupy’ protesters brace for police action in Hong Kong
By Demetri Sevastopulo and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26dbe6c4-4c4d-11e4-90c1-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Occupy protesters thin out ahead of HK police action‘Occupy’ protesters brace for police action in Hong Kong
By Demetri Sevastopulo and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26dbe6c4-4c4d-11e4-90c1-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rohit Sharma gearing up for Australia pacetestPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 5, 2014 6:26 pm
Gearing up for the pace test that awaits India in Australia come December, batsman Rohit Sharma said the likes of Mitchell Johnson and Peter Siddle would be a
tough challenge to deal with but the Indians are no longer intimidated by bouncy tracks Down Under.
“Australia will be a challenging tour for us. Mentally, each and every cricketer have a different way of preparing or doing their respective homework for a tour. I am no different and I will also have my plans in place as we come nearer to the time of the tour,” Rohit told PTI in an interview.
“Facing the likes of Mitchell Johnson, Peter Siddle, Ryan Harris will be a stern test. But we have faced Dale Steyn, More Morkel in South Africa. We have played on bouncy as well as seaming pitches in South Africa, New Zealand and England in the past one year.
“Also, most of us have been to Australia before and know what to expect from pitches out there. Also it will be a good preparation for us before the World Cup, next year,” he explained.
The tour includes four Test matches starting December 4 in Brisbane. The series’ other games will be played in Adelaide (December 12 to 16), Melbourne (December 26 to 30) and Sydney (January 3 to 7).
After a break, the ODI tri-series will start on January 16, the finale of which will take place on February 1 in Perth.
Rohit has been more consistent as a batsman after he started opening the batting for India in the ODIs and he admitted as much.
“Opening the batting for India changed me as a player. My perspective on building an innings has improved tremendously since I started opening the batting. I believe I have become a better overall cricketer once I started opening the batting,” said Rohit.
Ajinkya Rahane has also done well as an opener in England ODIs and Rohit does not feel that there is any competition between him and the fellow Mumbaikar.
“I have loved my role as an opener but I am proud of what Ajinkya has achieved in England. For me, it does not matter which position I am batting as long as I am making a contribution to team’s cause. If I am told to open by the team management, I would humbly accept it and if I told to bat in the middle-order, it will be an equal honour. I have no choices or preferences as far as batting slots are concerned,” said Rohit.
The right-hander was castigated from all quarters for playing a lofted drive at the stroke of tea time during India’s third Test against England at Southampton but the 27-year-old does not regret playing that shot against off-spinner Moeen Ali.
“I agree that the dismissal at Southampton is one of the disappointing ones in my international career. But if you ask whether I regret playing that shot, then I would say ‘no’.
“I had a plan in my mind but I couldn’t execute that plan properly. The dejection is there because of non-execution,” Rohit, who is nursing a shoulder injury and fractured finger, said.
He then gave a technical explanation to his answer.
“I had already hit Moeen Ali for two fours at that point of time. The idea was not to let a part-time offie continued…
I had a plan in my mind but I couldn't execute that plan properly. The dejection is there because of non-execution

Bad weather forces cancellation of Modis NashikrallyComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s proposed election rally at Nashik in Maharashtra was cancelled at the last minute today due to a severe storm in the area.
The BJP leader was expected to travel by air from Gondia, his third rally stop in Maharashtra, to Nashik but could not do so due to the inclement weather.
“The prime minister’s scheduled election tour programme at Nashik this evening has been postponed due to a severe storm,” BJP’s Maharashtra affairs in-charge Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
The first three of the prime minister’s Maharashtra rallies today were at Tasgaon in Sangli district, Kalamba in Kolhapur and in Gondia. He was slated to address the Nashik rally at 8:35 P.M.

PM Modi attacks Sharad Pawar  says NCP chief has no qualities of ShivajiPM Narendra Modi attacks Sharad Pawar, says NCP chief has no qualities of Shivaji
PTI Oct 5, 2014, 06.19PM IST
Tags:
BJP
("I am amazed. Sharad Pawar…)
TASGAON/KOLHAPUR: Targeting NCP chief Sharad Pawar , Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said he has done nothing for the people of Maharashtra as Chief Minister and Agriculture Minister and has none of the qualities of Maratha ruler Chhatrapati Shivaji.
"I am amazed. Pawar was the Union Agriculture Minister. But in his Maharashtra, around 3,700 farmers commit suicide every year," Modi said.
"There is no chance of you (Pawar) getting Shivaji's qualities in your character.
"But as agriculture minister at the Centre, had you implemented Shivaji's water management techniques, farmers of Maharashtra would not have committed suicide," the Prime Minister said at Tasgaon in Sangli district of western Maharashtra, from where former state Home Minister R R Patil is NCP nominee.
Modi hit back at Pawar who had attacked the BJP saying that the people who had termed Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj a 'looter' were invoking the warrior king to seek votes.
"Stop challenging our 'Shiv bhakti'," Modi said. "I want to ask Sharad Rao Pawar. You speak of Shivaji. It was the Vajpayee government which named Mumbai airport after Shivaji. You were Chief Minister but did not think of it. Even Victoria Terminus was named Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus by Vajpayee government," Modi said addressing rallies on the second day of his campaigning for October 15 Maharashtra polls.
Modi also slammed the NCP chief for his comments about Shivaji "plundering" the treasury of Surat.
"Pawar's statement has hurt me deeply. You don't have the knowledge of history. Gujarat was part of Maharashtra prior to its formation in 1960. We have considered Maharashtra as big brother," he said.
At a recent rally, Pawar had said, "They never even celebrated Shiv Jayanti and suddenly they have realised the importance of Shivaji Maharaj. All this is for votes only.
"BJP is well aware that it would not be able to reach out to the masses using its so-called icons and that's why is using Shivaji Maharaj's name and seeking people's blessings."
Asking the people to banish for ever NCP and Congress from the state politics, Modi said, "These are the people who looted houses from Kargil widows, they stole jobs from the youth, they looted the happiness of the poor, they destroyed the hopes and aspirations of the people of Maharashtra.
"Be it Congress or NCP, they are all corrupt," Modi alleged and asked people to give a clear majority to BJP in Maharashtra.
He said the Congress had "discarded" Mahatama Gandhi and "one Gandhiji which they like and that is the one embossed on currency notes."
Congress people think Modi has snatched Gandhiji. He is Mahatma and no one can snatch him. But it is a reality that Congress has discarded him," the BJP leader said.
"There is one Gandhiji which they like and that is the one embossed on currency notes. Their politics can't survive without that," he said.
Gandhiji had laid foundation of a charkha ashram at Kolhapur but Congress governments did not fulfil that work, Modi said.
"We have to regain Maharashtra's pride by electing a BJP government. If Maharashtra forges ahead, India forges ahead," he said.
At another rally in Kolhapur, Modi said Pawar had realised that UPA government was a sinking ship and therefore had chosen to take the Rajya Sabha route, instead of contesting Lok Sabha polls.
"Pawar is a clever politician. He knows how to flee a sinking ship. Now also, he knows the ship is sinking," he said.
"Congress did not give account of its 60 years' rule but wants account of my 60 days in office," the PM said.
"I am ready to give account of every minute and paisa, but to the people, as I am bound to them," he said.
"Congress people ask what has Modi done? Modi has done nothing. It is the 125 crore people who have done it," he said.
"I was in the US recently and I heard NCP and Congress leaders saying what work does Modi have in Maharashtra," he said.
"This huge crowd is the reason they are frustrated," the 64-year-old BJP leader said.
The earlier Congress-NCP led state government indulged in corruption even in midday meal scheme for children, he alleged.
He said the previous Congress governments at the Centre, of which Pawar was a part, stalled Narmada project for years.
"If NCP and Congress are decimated, then be rest assured that BJP government will come with full majority and will bring out Maharashtra from the morass of corruption," he said addressing the people.
"BJP's mantra is 'sabka saath, sabka vikas'. We are against discrimination of any kind. We will take everyone together on the path of development," he said.
"To those who question us for lack of the big vision, I say that I am a small man and think of doing big things for the common man," the senior BJP leader said.
Modi said his government decided to increase the pension amount to a minimum Rs 1,000 and and 32 lakh families have benefited from it.
"To those who want to know what is the source of my energy, I want to say, you (people) are my energy. Your blessings drive me," he said.
Referring to the famous footwear of Kolhapur, Modi said, "The entire nation needs Kolhapuri chappals so that the country can move at a fast pace."
Offering tributes to the local deity in his speech, he said, "I pray to goddess Mahalaxmi to shower so much laxmi on India that it comes out of all troubles."
The Prime Minister also recalled the social reforms done by Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj of Kolhapur and sought his blessings. He also lauded queen Tarabai of Kolhapur, calling her a braveheart.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra Assembly polls: Narendra Modi attacks Sharad PawarUpdated: October 6, 2014 01:10 IST
Modi attacks Pawar in NCP strongholds
Omar Rashid
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses an election rally in Mumbai on Saturday. Photo: Vivek Bendre
TOPICS
political parties
Prime Minister Narendra Modi criticised Nationalist Congress Party leader Sharad Pawar at election rallies in Sangli and Kolhapur, considered party strongholds. Mr. Modi said, “You [Mr. Pawar] talk about Chhatrapati Shivaji. But who linked Mumbai airport with the name of Shivaji? It was Atalji’s [former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s] government. Why didn’t you ever think of it?”
The opposition parties have accused the BJP of trying to hijack the image of the Maratha warrior and an icon of Maharashtra for political gains. In a bid to silence the critics, Mr. Modi asked them to “stop challenging his ‘Shiv bhakti.’” “It is in our blood,” he said at Tasgaon in Sangli.
Stepping up his attack on Mr. Pawar, Mr. Modi said he had built a bigger statue of Shivaji in Surat (Gujarat) than what the NCP chief built in his home turf of Baramati.
Mr. Modi taunted Mr. Pawar for failing to address the water woes of the State, though he held the portfolio of Agriculture Minister.
“I know there is no possibility that you will imbibe the qualities of Shivaji. But as a CM or Agriculture Minister, you could have at least taken inspiration from Shivaji and provided water facilities to the people,” Mr. Modi said.
Mr. Modi maintained that alliance governments were at the heart of the State’s troubles. He appealed to voters to give his party a full mandate to ensure development.
“There is nobody to take responsibility [in an alliance]. The BJP will take responsibility. You give a full majority government, we will give you development and an account of our work. We won’t run away like the Congress,” he said.
Mr. Modi addressed the problems of the sugar industry, an important issue in the region. The politics of the NCP is closely linked to the sugar cooperatives. Under the Congress-NCP rule, sugar mills had turned into “workshops of politics,” while the farmers were left to die, Mr. Modi said.
Mr. Modi blamed the previous Congress governments, of which Mr. Pawar was a part, for stalling the Narmada project, which would provide “free electricity worth Rs. 4,000 crore to Maharashtra each year.”
Addressing the rally in Kolhapur, Mr. Modi attacked the Congress saying the party had discarded Mahatma Gandhi and the only “Gandhiji” they liked was the one embossed on currency notes.

Why You May Have Paid More for Mobile Internet RecentlyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Won t utter a word against Shiv Sena as a mark of respect to Bal Thackeray: PM ModiInto his second day of campaigning for the October 15 elections in Maharashtra, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Sunday that he would not criticise former ally Shiv Sena out of respect for its late leader, Bal Thackeray.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses an election rally in Gondia, Maharashtra. (PTI Photo)
"Political pundits are saying why is Modi not criticising Shiv Sena in his speeches (during poll campaign). This is the first election in absence of late Bal Thackeray, for whom I have great respect. I have decided not to utter a single word against Shiv Sena. This is my tribute to Balasaheb Thackeray.
"There are some things which are above politics...There are feelings. Not everything should be linked to politics," the 64-year-old BJP leader said addressing a poll rally at Tasgaon in Sangli district of western Maharashtra.
Read: Modi kicks off campaign trail in Maharashtra, Haryana; launches attack on Congress
The soft approach set off talk about the possibility of the BJP and Sena coming together after the polls, in case neither was able to form the government on its own. Union transport minister Nitin Gadkari had told HT last week the BJP may have a post-poll alliance with the Sena in such circumstances.
But Modi asked the media not to speculate. Pointing out that certain things were beyond politics, he told a rally in Tasgaon in Sangli district, “These are the first assembly elections to be held without Balasaheb... I have great respect for him.”
He also appealed to voters to give the BJP a clear majority, saying “alliances did you no good... No party takes responsibility in alliances. The BJP will take responsibility if you vote it to power”.   
Modi, who began his speech in Marathi, launched a scathing on Pawar for his comments about Shivaji "plundering" the treasury of Surat.
Read: Now, Pawar hits back at PM Modi
"Pawar's statement has hurt me deeply. You don't have knowledge of history. Gujarat was part of Maharashtra prior to its formation in 1960. We have considered Maharashtra as big brother," he said.
"I want to ask Pawar: you speak of Shivaji. It was the Vajpayee government which named Mumbai airport after Shivaji. You were CM but did not think of it. Even Victoria Terminus was named Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus by Vajpayee government," the PM said. "There is no chance of you (Pawar) getting Shivaji's qualities in your character. But as agriculture minister, had you implemented Shivaji's water management techniques, farmers of Maharashtra would not have committed suicide."
Modi added, "I am amazed. Pawar was the Union agriculture minister. But in his Maharashtra, around 3,700 farmers commit suicide every year. It does not befit Pawar to talk of Shivaji. The statue of Shivaji in Surat is much bigger than the one in your Baramati (Pawar's constituency in western Maharashtra).”
“Stop challenging our Shiv bhakti,” he said.
At a recent poll rally, Pawar had attacked the BJP, saying that the people who had termed Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj a 'looter' were invoking the warrior king to seek votes.
"They never even celebrated Shiv Jayanti and suddenly they have realised the importance of Shivaji Maharaj. All this is for votes only. BJP is well aware that it would not be able to reach out to the masses using its so-called icons and that's why is using Shivaji Maharaj's name and seeking people's blessings," Pawar had said.
Attacking the Congress and the NCP, Modi said both were of the same mould as far as corruption was concerned. "These are the people who robbed Kargil widows of their homes and jobs from youth. They have destroyed Maharashtra," he said. "Do you want to get Maharashtra out of the morass of corruption? I am willing to take responsibility, but elect a government with full majority."
Read: Harbour no grouse against Sonia: Pawar on Cong-NCP split
He said had had the Congress-led UPA government completed work on Narmada project, Maharashtra would have got free electricity worth Rs. 400 crore per year. "Why are sugar mills in Maharashtra closed?" he asked. "The Amul success story of Gujarat is now globally famous but you made sugar mills hub of politics," he said.
Modi began his speech by hailing Chhatrapati Shivaji and paid tributes to Ganesh and Piroba deities. "Sangli, sarvat changli (Sangli is the best of all)," he said. "I am a kaamdar (worker) among all these amdars and khasdars (MLAs and MPs)," Modi said.
"India is shining in the US not because of Modi, but because of the 125 crore people. This is the power of full majority," he said.
Modi said he had asked officials to check how much percentage of natural fruit could be put in soft drinks. "This will ensure that fruits produced by farmers don't rot. I am going ahead with the 'Make In India' mantra so that youth get jobs.”
Modi concluded his speech with an appeal to the crowd to leave the rally venue only after making sure that the ground was free of litter. He also spoke of the Swachh Bharat campaign aimed at creating a clean India.

60th birthday for a cine classicUpdated: October 5, 2014 19:56 IST
60th birthday for a cine classic
P. K. Ajith Kumar
Special Arrangement A still from the movie Neelakuyil
TOPICS
Malayalam cinema
Neelakkuyil, which revolutionised Malayalam cinema, was released in 1954
A classic turns 60 this month. Neelakkuyil, which revolutionised Malayalam cinema and gave a fresh, original sound to its music, was released in October 1954.
It was directed jointly by Ramu Kariat and P. Bhaskaran and they, backed up by a solid script by Uroob, gave a new direction to Malayalam cinema that had very little Malayalam about it and less realism; the influence of Hindi and Tamil films was too pronounced.
When Kariat and producer T.K. Pareekutty asked Uroob, who was working at the All India Radio (AIR) station of Kozhikode, if he had a story suitable for cinema, he narrated the tale of a Dalit woman and her affair with an upper caste man.
It was at that meeting that Neelakkuyil took wings. None of them may have thought that it would soar to heights Malayalam cinema had never seen till then.
K. Raghavan, Uroob’s colleague at AIR (Kozhikode), was assigned the task to tune songs written by Bhaskaran himself. The result was pure magic. Songs such as Kayalarikath…, Ellarum chollanu…, Maanennum vilikkilla…, and Kuyiline thedi… liberated Malayalam film music from the tyranny of Hindi songs and gave a melodious identity of its own.
A. Vincent was chosen as the cinematographer. Sathyan, Prema, Miss Kumari, and Bhaskaran played the key roles. For the role of Sathyan’s son, an eight-year-old Vipin was selected - that boy went on to become cinematographer Vipin Mohan.
“I am perhaps the only man associated with Neelakkuyil who could still talk about it and I consider it an honour that I could be part of a classic,” Vipin told The Hindu on Friday.
“Though I was very young at the time, I still remember shooting several scenes, such as the rain sequences. I also recall my scenes with Bhaskaran Master, who I think did the role originally meant for P.J. Antony, Sathyan and Prema.”
He also recalls the celebration of the box office success of Neelakkuyil. “There was this van which drove around Thrissur, adorned with the cut-outs and playing the film’s songs, and I was in it, as one of the stars,” he says. “We were celebrating the 50th day of Neelakkuyil.”
The little boy could not have imagined that Malayalam cinema would be celebrating Neelakkuyil 60 years later.

 Surging Dollar May be Triple Whammy for US EarningsYou are here: Home Forex
Surging Dollar May be Triple Whammy for US Earnings
Reuters | Updated On: October 05, 2014 20:28 (IST)
Why Rupee Hit Nine-Month Low against Dollar
New York: The suddenly unstoppable US dollar is posing a triple threat to American companies' profits: driving up the costs of doing business overseas, suppressing the value of non-US sales and, perhaps most worryingly, signaling weak international demand.
The dollar has been on a tear, with an index tracking it against six other major currencies notching roughly an 8 per cent gain since the end of June. Few analysts see its breakout performance stalling out anytime soon since the US economy stands on much firmer footing than most others around the world, Europe's in particular.
For companies in the benchmark S&P 500, that's a big headwind because so many are multinationals, and as a group they derive almost half of their revenue from international markets.
"You will get some companies that have failed to meet expectations based on the weakness we're seeing overseas, so it is going to be a source of disappointment," said Carmine Grigoli, chief investment strategist at Mizuho Securities in New York.
Moreover, that weakness, especially in Europe, "is going to be critical here", he said. "It's an important component of (U.S.) earnings going forward."
And while investors and analysts have begun to figure in the negative effects of a fast-strengthening dollar with regard to the approaching third-quarter reporting period, the risk to the fourth quarter and 2015 remains largely unaccounted for.
For instance, third-quarter profit-growth expectations for S&P 500 companies have fallen back to 6.4 per cent from about 11 per cent two months ago, Thomson Reuters data showed.
By contrast, the fourth-quarter growth forecast is down just slightly, to 11.1 per cent from a July 1 forecast of 12.0 per cent. And profit-growth estimates for 2015 have actually increased in that time from 11.5 per cent to 12.4 per cent.
"If you try and extrapolate out to the fourth quarter and how much that currency effect is going to be, your guidance is probably going to come down for a good slug of the multinationals on the S&P," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York.
Warning from Ford
While the dollar's strength is a sign of better economic prospects in the United States compared with the euro zone and other parts of the world, it makes US goods and services more costly overseas.
Data this week showed German factory activity shrank for the first time in 15 months, while European Central Bank President Mario Draghi disappointed stock investors when he failed to provide a specific stimulus program for the euro zone's flagging recovery. In China, data showed the country's manufacturing sector is barely growing.
Mr Grigoli said third-quarter profit estimates for US companies with the most overseas sales have fallen more than estimates for the entire S&P 500 and also compared with companies with almost no overseas sales.
Mizuho data shows a 1.5 percentage point decline in estimates from July 31 to September 29 for companies that derive 60 per cent or more of their sales from overseas compared with a 1.0 point decline in estimates for the S&P 500 and a 0.4 point decline for companies with almost no overseas sales exposure.
Ford Motor Co's disappointing forecast this week may be a hint of what's to come. The No. 2 US automaker cut its forecasts for pretax profit this year, citing steeper losses in Russia and South America.
"Not to extrapolate too broadly from one company, but I think the negative sentiment... has been pretty dramatic," said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles. Ford shares lost 10.7 per cent last week.
The potential hit to earnings follows a nearly flat quarter for the market performance of the S&P 500. The index gained just 0.6 per cent, although it remains near its record high.
Equity valuations are also tipped to the high side. From a forward 12-month perspective, the price-to-earnings ratio on the S&P 500 is 15, just above its historic average of 14.9, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Reporting parade set to start
The onslaught of quarterly results begins soon, and the next two weeks bring reports from US companies with some of the highest levels of overseas sales. Among them, fast-food restaurant operator Yum Brands, which derives roughly 77 per cent of its sales overseas, is due to report on Tuesday, while results from chipmaker Intel, with about 83 per cent of its sales coming from overseas, are due on October 14.
In the last 30 days, analysts have slashed Yum's estimates, lowering the average earnings per share forecast by 5.4 per cent, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine. At the same time, though, Intel's estimates have been nudged up by 0.2 per cent.
Among sectors, tech has the highest percentage of foreign sales, at 57 per cent, and analysts say it may take the biggest hit from the dollar this earnings season, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices data.
Qualcomm, whose shares fell 5.6 per cent in the third quarter, derives 97 per cent of its sales abroad, the data showed. There's been little recent forecast revision activity for Qualcomm, which will not report earnings until early November.
Accenture tops the list of companies with the most sales abroad within the S&P 100, while Fabrinet leads the list of companies with the most sales abroad within the S&P small-cap 600. Twenty-one of the 23 analysts to revise their Accenture forecasts in the last month have cut their outlooks, while no analysts have changed Fabrinet's forecasts in the last 30 days.
Tech also has the highest number of profit warnings for the third quarter, though its ratio of negative-to-positive preannouncements, at 2.1 to 1, is lower than the S&P 500's ratio of 3.3 to 1, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Era of alliances over  want full majority: Modi in MaharashtraThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Patna stampede: Bihar government removes District Magistrate  admits serious lapses5
0
Patna: The Bihar government on Sunday removed four senior official including the District Magistrate of Patna in the aftermath of the stampede at the historic Gandhi Maidan during Dussehra festivities in which 33 people were killed and 29 injured.
The Jitan Ram Manjhi government also vowed to punish those responsible for "lapses" which led to the stampede.
Those shunted out were Patna Divisional Commissioner N Vijaylaxmi, DIG Patna Range Ajitabh Kumar, Patna District Magistrate Manish Kumar Verma and Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Manu Maharaj, an official notification said.
#patna #patna stampede #gandhi maidan #bihar
Vijaylaxmi has been replaced with Tirhut Divisional Commissioner Narmadeshwar Lal. She has been asked to report to the General Administration (GA) Department till further orders, it said.
The state government has also shifted Patna District Magistrate Manish Kumar Verma and asked him to report to the DA Department till his next posting.
Verma has been replaced with East Champaran District Magistrate Abhay Kumar Singh.
The state government has also shunted out Patna District SSP Manu Maharaj and replaced him with his Muzaffarpur counterpart Jitendra Rana. Rana's place in Muzaffarpur will be taken by Ranjit Kumar Mishra, who is the SP (Special Branch, Security) at the Police Headquarters.
Patna Range's Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG) Ajitabh Kumar too has been transferred and replaced with Upendra Kumar Sinha, who is the SP (Railway) in Patna.
The government has also instituted an inquiry into the tragedy and it is being conducted by Home Secretary Amir Subhani and Additional Director General of Police, Headquarters, Gupteshwar Pandey.
"The state government is not going to spare anyone responsible for 'lapses' that led to the stampede outside the Gandhi Maidan," Water Resources Department Minister Vijay Chaudhary said.
He said that the probe team would jointly hold a public inquiry at the district collectorate on October 7 to hear accounts of eyewitnesses and other people willing to depose.
The state government would also publish advertisements in newspapers appealing to the people to share information about the incident, he said.
On the lack of lighting arrangement at the venue on the day of the Dusshera festivity, Chaudhary said that the state government was aware of the matter, but would await the probe report to act.
He said that the injured were getting "proper treatment" in the Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH).
PMCH Superintendent Dr Lekhindra Prasad said that seven of the injured had been admitted to the Intensive Care Unit of the facility.
The ADG (Headquarters) Gupteshwar Pandey said that the probe team had taken statements of the injured persons at the PMCH, magistrates and police officers deputed on duty for the Dusshera festival at Gandhi Maidan.
Pandey said that the probe would be completed within a week and a report would be submitted to the state government.
(With additional information from PTI)
3

Mythbusting: Fads weve got wrongCowardly corporate lions
So, do we really want to eat like people who died when most of us are just finishing the first third of our lives nowadays?
The disconnect between recommendations and results is striking. But it’s not all that uncommon, be it about a diet or about business. In a world seemingly overrun with data, analysis, and experts, what people say we should do and what actually works can be like ships passing in the night.
Limit your egg consumption to two or three per week to cut down on cholesterol? Turns out that “expert” advice was wrong, and eggs are a particularly nutritious and healthy way to start your day, with little impact on blood cholesterol levels .  
Cut back on saturated fats and salt? Turns out even this holy grail of health has also been found wanting .
There may be no better example of false assumptions driving mistaken decision-making than the business of health care in the United States. Regions of the country that spend more on health care have more hospital beds and doctors, especially medical specialists.  So, more spending is good, right?
Not so fast. It turns out that physicians in higher spending regions actually report more communication problems among caregivers and with patients, as well as greater difficulty obtaining inpatient admissions. Even worse, the mortality rate following heart attacks, colorectal cancer diagnosis and hip fractures was actually higher in regions that spent more .
Why do people fall into this trap? For one thing, humans are lazy. They often seek a simple fix for a complex problem. After all, doesn’t it seem easier to “eat like a caveman” than to carefully monitor their daily diet with what they have in the fridge already?
But for any fixes to be sustainable, we must seek hard evidence.  Let’s remember what we’re really trying to accomplish and make sure that whatever we’re buying into, it’s going to help us get there. The Paleo diet sounds intriguing — and parts of it might even be right — but don’t you think it makes sense to see how it actually did in practice? Not what we wish, or assume, it would do, but what it actually did.
Same for health care spending. It sounds like a good idea to have more resources for health care, more hospital beds, more specialists. But it turns out that those things don’t actually produce what we really care about — actual health care outcomes.
Fans of baseball will easily see the connection to Moneyball, the Michael Lewis book that introduced a wide audience to the huge discrepancies between accepted wisdom among baseball scouts and what the data actually said worked. For example, there is no such thing as how a baseball player should look — broad shoulders and a square jaw scored points with baseball scouts — but there are a bunch of specific performance-oriented metrics you can look for to indicate potential. 
Management myths
Of course the practice of management is replete with instances of precisely the same problem. Take interviews. Most managers swear by them, and can’t imagine hiring someone who doesn’t come out strong one-on-one. Sounds sensible, but did you know that traditional interviews are one of the worst ways to predict actual job performance?
Savvy managers know to choreograph an interview so they can assess whether a candidate possesses the specific skills and experiences that are needed to succeed on the job.
I’m often asked to evaluate resumes, and my number one recommendation is to specify what you accomplished, and not what you spent time on. Focusing on outcomes provides would-be employers with the evidence they need about your fit for a job.
It would be nice if the focus on outcomes spread to other walks of life. Don’t tell me that you’ve increased the number of hospital beds; show me evidence that fewer people are dying after being treated at your hospital.
While many health care providers will be kicking and screaming on the way to revealing their actual results, this trend is well underway in the US and will be accelerating as the Affordable Care Act (also known as Obamacare) takes root. If only writers of diet books would be so inclined.

Inflation outlook brings ECB QE into viewOctober 2, 2014 7:32 pm
Inflation outlook brings QE into view for ECB
By James Mackintosh
Mario Draghi’s April plan has so far been followed exactly, but further action may be needed
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c1cff688-4a4b-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Of a type of parental bondageOf a type of parental bondage
Stanly Johny
Why did Doordarshan telecast the RSS chief’s Dussehra speech?
October 3, 2014:  
In an important political first, Doordarshan telecast live the annual Vijaya Dashami speech of the RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat on Friday. Expectedly, he praised Narendra Modi’s government for “moving in the right direction”. Since the RSS's inception, its chief has delivered a speech on Dussehra, the day the organisation was founded in Nagpur in 1925. The event is of great importance to the Sangh Parivar, but certainly not to the country at large; after all, it is just a foundation day function of a religio-cultural organisation. Besides, the RSS has long been considered by a significant section as a sectarian religious outfit.
Which is why it’s curious that Doordarsan, the official broadcaster of the Government, run on public money, should telecast this event live. Not even during the time of the previous NDA government, led by Atal Bihari Vajpayee, did DD do a live telecast. The possible explanation is that RSS’ political arm, the BJP, is in power at the Centre, and the Prime Minister is keen on keeping his ties with the RSS intact.
Clearly, DD’s act shows how powerful RSS and its chief are in the Government. But the question is by what logic is DD telecasting the organisational speech of a religious outfit? There are plenty of religious organisations and leaders in the country, which all hold similar events. Is DD going to treat these events equally? Or, as historian Ramachandra Guha tweeted, is this “naked state majoritarianism”?
Ever since the BJP came to power with a clear majority in May, Modi has been reluctant to engage with private media and been using the state media machinery to cover and promote his government. The latest incident shows that the Government is using the state media machinery not only to promote itself, but also its ideological parent, and possibly other Sangh outfits in the days to come.
(Stanly Johny is Assistant Editor)
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

What an independent judiciary is all aboutWhat an independent judiciary is all about
Sidharth Sharma
Tweet
Fair deal Comes with a more transparent system RV Moorthy
The key is to keep the executive out of judges’ promotions and transfers. How they are appointed is not the only issue
The Supreme Court recently dismissed a batch of petitions challenging the constitutionality of the National Judicial Appointments Commission (NJAC) Bill, passed by Parliament along with an enabling constitutional amendment Bill. The Bills, once they become law, will replace the existing ‘collegium’ system for appointments to the higher judiciary with a six-member NJAC. It will have the Chief Justice of India (CJI), two other senior justices of the Supreme Court and the Union Law Minister as its ex-officio members.
The remaining two members will be “eminent persons” chosen by a committee comprising the CJI, the Prime Minister, and the leader of the Opposition.
The NJAC Bill was challenged on the ground that the NJAC cannot recommend a person for appointment if any two of its members do not agree to it. This veto power, it is feared, can be misused to embarrass the judiciary, as a candidate recommended by the CJI and the other two judges on the Commission can be rejected by the rest of the Commission’s members. In essence, the argument is that the new system takes away the primacy of the judiciary in matters of appointment and that, in turn, will compromise the independence of the judiciary.
The relevant question, therefore, is: Will the veto provision erode judicial independence?
Who has primacy?
At present the judiciary has primacy in deciding who gets appointed as a judge of a High Court or the Supreme Court. The process is initiated by a collegium of judges, and while the executive government can ask for reconsideration of a recommendation, the collegium has the final say.
The NJAC Bill seeks to change this. It is not clear whether the objection is to the NJAC per se, or the need to establish primacy of the judiciary in the body – the latter being a sort of tautological argument.
As for the first, the opinion is overwhelmingly in favour of the collegium system being changed. In his autobiography, jurist Fali Nariman has referred to the case, popularly known as the Second Judges’ case, which established the collegium system, as “a case I won – but which I would prefer to have lost”.
We then need to revisit the presumption that if the primacy of the judiciary in the NJAC taken away, its independence will be threatened.
While the independence of our judiciary is a matter of pride, to say it is independent only because of the collegium system is flawed.
Insulating from manipulation
In the US, the process is entirely political — judges are nominated by the president and confirmed by the senate.
In fact, US presidents are known to nominate individuals who broadly share their ideological views. But that does not mean the US Supreme Court is any less respectable or independent than ours.
In India too, if we take the examples of other equally important constitutional functionaries such as the Comptroller and Auditor General of India or the Chief Election Commissioner, they are all executive appointments but that hasn’t come in the way of their independence.
The constitutional framework on how judges are appointed is important, but that on its own cannot ensure or diminish the independence of the judiciary. What is more vital is the post-appointment framework.
For that, the rules governing the judges’ seniority, tenure, transfers and removal need to be insulated from possible manipulation by the executive. And to ensure that they act without favour, it is important to ponder over whether judges should seek or accept any posts soon after their retirement (the appointment of Justice Sathasivam as governor of Kerala is a case in point).
In this regard, it is the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill, which is in the offing, we must scrutinise.
The opposition to the NJAC from the primacy standpoint makes it a mere ‘turf’ issue. The NJAC seeks to replace a closed-door system of appointment with a broad-based and participatory process, which gives primacy to none. And the Bill’s veto provision should be seen as a balancing factor which safeguards against partisan appointments.
The writer is a Mumbai-based lawyer
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Deeper ties urged after JPMorgan breachOctober 3, 2014 7:05 pm
JPMorgan data breach triggers calls for deeper collaboration
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7897ef22-4b1b-11e4-8a0e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesco revamps Hudl amid accounting crisisTesco revamps Hudl tablet amid accounting crisis
By Andrea Felsted, Arash Massoudi and Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32403e94-4b07-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stock irregularities form Tesco woesHow hapless haggling caused Tesco’s headaches
By Jonathan Ford
For all their brute size, supermarkets are simple creatures, writes Jonathan Ford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b355ccc2-4703-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tough week for pollsters as Dilma bounces backSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

the good  the bad  and the uglyRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Caps Wilson  Orlov starting season on IRBy Alex Prewitt October 4 Follow @alex_prewitt
Tom Wilson is still recovering from offseason surgery and won’t be ready for the opener. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post).
Capitals forward Tom Wilson (fractured fibula) and defenseman Dmitry Orlov (broken wrist) are likely to begin the regular season on injured reserve, Coach Barry Trotz announced Friday. Players placed onto injured reserve must remain there for seven days, but can attend team meetings and practice during the stint.
“Those two for sure,” Trotz said, and later added, “There might be a couple.”
The uncertainty surrounding Washington’s growing pool of nicked-up skaters will push Trotz and his coaching staff to Tuesday’s NHL roster submission deadline, by which the Capitals need to cut to 23. Trotz has expressed a desire to field only 22 for Thursday’s opener against Montreal, leaving one open space for someone who might be hurt but won’t need the week-long respite injured reserve demands.
Defenseman Mike Green (upper body), for instance, will not skate Sunday in the preseason finale against Carolina, though he did practice Saturday. Trotz seemed uncertain about Green’s status for the opener.
“Until he’s totally cleared, yes I am worried,” Trotz said. “Until he says, ‘Coach, I’m 100 percent today,’ then I am worried, because he’s a pretty dynamic player to have on your team.”
Trotz also said “it’s safe to assume” that forward Jay Beagle, who has still not practiced since exiting early into a preseason game at Montreal with an upper-body injury, will miss the opener.
A bigger question mark, perhaps with more pressing ramifications on Trotz’s looming roster decisions, will be the status of forward Aaron Volpatti, whom general manager Brian MacLellan recently said underwent a “neck fusion,” a procedure most commonly used to treat a herniated disc in the spine.
Volpatti, who played 41 games for the Capitals last season, skated Saturday for the first time without a light-blue non-contact jersey, though he later said that might be necessary down the line. He had been joining Orlov and Wilson, neither of whom have practiced with the Capitals yet, for 6 a.m. skates with strength coach Mark Nemish, only to recently join his teammates.
“Got a little bit of ways to go still,” Volpatti said later, declining to provide details of the procedure. “It’s not fully healed quite yet. It’s getting there. Feels better every day.”
A candidate for a fourth-line grinder role, entering the second and final season of his contract with the Capitals, Volpatti said he had played at “around 75 percent” last season but felt relieved doctors finally diagnosed the issue.
“It feels much better,” he said. “You got to be a little careful with, make sure it’s fully healed. I’ve got a little longer here, then hopefully get back at it. The last few years, I didn’t really have a full understanding of what the full issue was, and now I do. Playing at not 100 percent for so many years, it’s good to finally get that fixed.”
Like Orlov and Wilson, though, an early injury has put Volpatti in a precarious situation: He cannot yet audition for the new coaching staff, while teammates all jockey for spots. For Volpatti, this might prove even more important; Orlov has a top-six blue-line spot awaiting his arrival, while management views Wilson as eventually sliding into a top-six forward role oonce healthy.
“It’s tough not only being around the guys,” Volpatti said. “We’re skating on our own and stuff, early morning. It’s always tough being injured, no matter who you are and who your situation is. But obviously with the new coaching staff, I was hoping I’d be ready around this time, but it’s stuff you can’t control. I might be a little behind the eight-ball. It’s going to be a little bit of a camp for myself, just a bit delayed. It’s the hand you’re dealt. The biggest thing is make sure I’m healthy, so when I get back in I don’t have to mess around.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Baby Doc Duvalier dies© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5145cd86-4bf2-11e4-a63b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hand and clock destroyed an entire generation  says ModiUpdated: October 6, 2014 17:56 IST
‘Hand and clock’ destroyed an entire generation, says Modi
Omar Rashid
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses an election rally at Karnal in Haryana on Saturday. Later in the day, he launched the BJP's campiagn for the Maharashtra Assembly polls at a rally in Beed. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
TOPICS
political parties
Launches BJP’s poll campaign from Munde’s home turf with attack on Congress, NCP
Describing late BJP leader Gopinath Munde as his “younger brother” and “friend,” Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday lambasted the NCP-Congress government in Maharashtra for its “corruption.”
Launching the party’s campaign for the Maharashtra Assembly elections from Beed, in the heart of Marathwada region, Mr. Modi made scathing attacks on the 15-year rule of the NCP-Congress, saying the “hand and clock” (symbols of the Congress and NCP) worked in tandem and “destroyed an entire generation.” The PM urged voters to give the BJP a clear mandate in the State. “The NCP and Congress belong to the same gotra [clan]. For personal reasons they have opened up different shops but they are the same. They are not rashtravadi (nationalists) but brashtrachaarvadi (corrupt),” he said. Mr. Modi shared the dais with Munde’s daughters — Pankaja and Pritam.
'Munde worked shoulder to shoulder with me'
“If Gopinath Munde was alive today, maybe I wouldn't need to come to Maharashtra. He worked shoulder to shoulder with me, and as a friend whom I trusted to work for the welfare of farmers, poor, and the backward,” Mr. Modi said.
Observers believe that by evoking Mr. Munde, who was often described as the OBC face of the party, the BJP was trying to appeal to the backward constituency in the State. “Every child in Maharashtra is Gopinath…I won’t let you feel the absence of my friend, Gopinath Munde,” Mr. Modi told the crowd, sharing the dais with Munde’s daughters Pankaja and Pritam.
While he took on the NCP-Congress leaders for ignoring the aspirations of the people and only fulfilling their “goals of becoming CM,” he refrained from naming anyone. Significantly, his speech also made no mention of the BJP estranged ally, the Shiv Sena.
Pitching that if the same party, the BJP, ruled at the State and the Centre, it would allow him to work for the development of Maharashtra, Mr. Modi said, “We have to take Maharashtra ahead of Gujarat,” referring to Maharashtra as Gujarat’s “elder brother.” He wondered why despite Gujarat once being a part of Maharashtra, the two States were today discussed for very different reasons. Referring to the work done by his government so far, Mr. Modi said “in 60 months I will rescue the nation from all its problems.”

Expanding financial sector draws interest from investorsAfrica’s expanding financial sector draws increasing interest from investors
By Andrew England
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d8edbc78-1e50-11e4-ab52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Delhi power tariffs may go up in NovDelhi power tariffs may go up in Nov
PTI
Business Line The private power distribution companies, particularly, BRPL and BYPL, have been demanding significant hike in tariff, citing rise in power purchase cost.
DERC set to allow fuel surcharge to help discoms
New Delhi, Oct 5:  
Power tariffs in the city may go up next month as Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission is all set to levy a fuel surcharge to help the private distribution companies adjust their power purchase cost.
While hiking the power tariff by up to 7.5 per cent for domestic consumers, the DERC in July had withdrawn Power Purchase Adjustment Cost of around 8 per cent till October.
Chairman of Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission PD Sudhakar said a decision on “readjusting” the tariff will be taken by end of the month after examining the petitions of the three private discoms to review the PPAC.
“We will take a decision on the fuel surcharge based on petitions of the discoms. A decision will be taken by end of this month and if there is a hike in tariff, then it will come into effect from November,” Sudhakar told PTI.
The regulator had introduced PPAC in 2012 to help the private power distribution companies recover additional cost on account of increase in coal and gas prices.
Delhi gets power from a number of gas and coal-based power generation plants.
Power experts said the three discoms Tata Power Delhi Distribution Ltd, BSES Rajdhani Power Ltd and BSES Yamuna Power Ltd may see a hike in the range of 6 to 8 per cent.
While hiking the power tariff by up to 7.5 per cent for domestic consumers, the DERC in July had withdrawn PPAC of around 8 per cent for three months.
The withdrawal of the PPAC resulted in marginal decline of tariff for the consumers, whose monthly consumption does not exceed 400 units.
In January, the DERC had hiked the fuel surcharge to the tune of 8 per cent for BSES Yamuna Power Ltd, 6 per cent for BSES Rajdhani and 7 per cent for Tata Power Delhi Distribution Ltd.
The private power distribution companies, particularly, BRPL and BYPL, have been demanding significant hike in tariff, citing rise in power purchase cost.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

SCI  GAIL in talks for $3 bn LNG ships dealHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
SCI, GAIL in talks for $3 bn LNG ships deal
PTI
Tweet
Krishnapatnam (AP), Oct 5:  
Shipping Corporation of India and GAIL (India) Limited are currently in discussion to forge a tie-up under which the latter will acquire nine LNG ships with almost $3 billion and the former will run them, a senior official of the SCI said.
SCI Director (liner and passenger services) Sarveen Narula said the shipper will have an option to pick up stake up to 25 per cent once a joint venture company is formed for the purpose and talks are held through respective ministries.
“We are trying to buy nine LNG ships, not through SCI but through GAIL. SCI will run those ships in partnership with GAIL. We are actively working with GAIL in selection of (other) partners. We may have the right to take up to 25 per cent of the stake in that (venture).
“The Memorandum of Understanding is being finalised. We are already been in talks with them. Very soon it will be done. It is brokered through the Government,” Narula told PTI.
SCI is currently running four LNG ships through joint venture companies with Japanese partners among others, in which the Indian PSU holds 26 per cent stake.
“That is why we are tying up with GAIL. We will have the technical expertise. The funding will be though GAIL. So this becomes a new business for us. Each ship would cost around $300 to 350 million,” Narula said when asked about the capital requirement for buying the vessels.
He spoke on the sidelines of the flagging off ceremony of SCI’s direct container services to Yangon from Krishnapatnam port container terminal on October 3.
The shipping company has already approached the Central government seeking permission to start an overseas subsidiary in Singapore for LNG shipping to India, he said.
According to the latest annual report of GAIL, the total Indian LNG imports required to meet the demand-domestic supply gap was 10.79 BCM (29.56 MMSCMD) in 2008, which further rose to 17.8 BCM (48.8 MMSCMD) in 2013.
GAIL has imported 25 LNG cargoes (equivalent to approximately 1.50 MMTPA of LNG) during the last financial year from various international sources on short term as well as spot basis to meet immediate domestic gas requirement.
SCI currently has an MoU with GAIL for transporting LNG from USA to India in 2016-17 wherein it has step-in right up to 26 per cent and also providing technical consultancy.
According to the 2013-14 annual report of SCI, India was the fifth largest importer of LNG in 2013 accounting for 5.5 per cent of the total trade. Domestic natural gas supply is expected to grow at 5.6 per cent over FY13-15, while gas demand is expected to grow at 18 per cent thereby causing a demand-supply mismatch.
Narula further said another focused area for the company would be providing services to oil and gas companies in offshore activities.
Currently, SCI has been offering services to ONGC and is looking for opportunities in other parts of the world, he added.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related
GAIL signs MoU with Azerbaijan's State Oil Company
TOPICS

Three of top 10 Sensex cos add Rs 38 768 crore to m-capThree of top 10 Sensex companies add Rs 38,768 crore to market capitalisation
PTI Oct 5, 2014, 06.14PM IST
Tags:
benchmark
(The m-cap of TCS surged Rs 18,186.79 cr to…)
NEW DELHI: Three of the top-10 Sensex firms added Rs 38,768.45 crore to market capitalisation last week, with IT major TCS emerging as the biggest gainer.
While TCS, Infosys and Sun Pharma saw gains in their market valuation, ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, HDFC Bank, SBI and ICICI Bank saw erosion in their m-cap. The cumulative loss of these seven firms stood at Rs 26,925.45 crore.
The m-cap of TCS surged Rs 18,186.79 crore to reach Rs 5,43,684.13 crore, while that of Sun Pharma zoomed Rs 11,049.34 crore to touch Rs 1,78,208.15 crore.
The valuation of Infosys climbed Rs 9,532.32 crore, to Rs 2,20,920.14 crore.
In contrast, the m-cap of ONGC dipped Rs 8,170.49 crore to Rs 3,44,486.81 crore, while that of ITC slipped Rs 6,140.18 crore to Rs 2,90,302.76 crore.
ICICI Bank lost Rs 5,738.02 crore at Rs 1,65,293.81 crore, while the value of CIL dropped Rs 2,494.96 crore at Rs 2,17,314.52 crore; RIL (Rs 2,199.28 crore at Rs 2,99,749.54 crore); SBI (Rs 1,485.68 crore at Rs 1,80,894.66 crore), and HDFC Bank (Rs 696.84 crore at Rs 2,09,599.38 crore).
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at number position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, CIL, HDFC Bank, SBI, Sun Pharma and ICICI Bank.
Meanwhile, over the past week, the BSE 30-stock benchmark index, Sensex, fell by 58.33 points to settle at 26,567.99.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong democracy protesters are pulling back  not giving upThe Future of Hong Kong
October 5, 2014
HONG KONG—Pro-democracy protesters that have paralyzed Hong Kong’s main commercial and financial districts for more than a week are now withdrawing from some protest sites and allowing access to government buildings, according to demonstrators. The move is aimed at lowering tensions with police, after an ultimatum from the government to clear out by Monday morning , but may also be a sign of the precariousness of the “umbrella revolution.”
Concessions to the Hong Kong government and the retrenchment of the city-wide protests could end up becoming a setback for the demonstrators, who are already struggling with a  fractured leadership , extreme fatigue, and  violent attacks by reputed members of the local mafia . Police have arrested 19 men for allegedly attacking protesters, eight of whom were believed to have links to triad gangs , and  165 people have been sent to hospitals for injuries incurred at the protests.
The head of the city’s top university, Hong Kong University and other public figures pleaded with students to leave protest sites today for their own safety.
“The effect will be fatal to the movement,” Pui Hung Vale, a researcher at Hong Kong University who has been active in the protests, told Quartz.
Activists stationed outside of the office of Hong Kong’s chief executive announced today that they had agreed to leave a road demonstrators had occupied near the chief executive’s office, which serves as a major artery between Hong Kong and Kowloon island, the city’s two main districts. The protesters are still maintaining a blockade around government headquarters but are planning to create a pathway for government workers to go to their offices on Monday.
That still may not be enough for the Hong Kong government, leaving open the possibility of more clashes between protesters and police tonight.
Protesters also announced over Twitter that those remaining in Mongkok—the site of some of the worst altercations between protesters and opponents since Friday—would decamp and move to the epicenter of the protest movement in Admiralty, near the government’s offices.
On Friday, demonstrators sent a WhatsApp message to media accusing authorities of organizing attacks on protesters in order to coral them into Admiralty, making it easier for police to clear protesters out all at once.
With that in mind, a group of protesters remained today in Causeway Bay , a major shopping district east of Admiralty, and some demonstrators were unwilling to cede the protest site in Mongkok. “We’ll stop occupying when there’s real justice and democracy,” one protester yelled over a megaphone after hearing the announcement.
Share this:

Monsoon withdraws from Himachal PradeshMonsoon withdraws from Himachal Pradesh
PTI
Tweet
Shimla, Oct 5:  
The southwest monsoon today withdrew from Himachal Pradesh, even as the weatherman said that the state recorded the second highest rain deficit in last ten years at 38 per cent from June 1 to September 30 this year.
“Southwest monsoon has withdrawn from Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, west and east Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, north Arabian Sea, Uttarakhand besides parts of Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh,” Director of the local MeT office Manmohan Singh said here.
Himachal Pradesh received 521.8 mm rains against normal rainfall of 843.5 mm during the monsoon season, which is 38 per cent less.
“This is the second highest deficit in last ten years after 2004 when the state received 46 per cent deficient rains,” Singh said, adding that July was the wettest month with 214.4 mm rainfall (31 per cent) recorded.
Only four districts of Una (863.4 mm), Hamirpur (890.0 mm), Mandi (1050.8 mm) and Shimla (555.9 mm) received normal rainfall during this monsoon season.
Kinnaur district received the lowest rainfall of 47.8 mm, which was 82 per cent less than normal. Lahaul and Spiti received 92.2 mm rains, 80 per cent less than normal.
The Chamba district, which normally receives 1404.4 mm rains, experienced 469.4 mm rains, a deficit of 67 per cent.
Sirmaur and Kangra districts received 873.4 mm and 1052.2 mm of rainfall against normal rainfall of 1324.6 mm and 1582.1 mm respectively, which is 34 and 33 per cent deficient.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Private suppliers hike milk pricePrivate suppliers hike milk price in Tamil Nadu
PTI
Tweet
Madurai, Oct 5:  
Four private dairy units have hiked the milk price by Rs 2 a litre, effective today even as the Milk Agents’ Association of Tamil Nadu strongly condemned it.
Tamil Nadu Milk Agents Association President S A Ponnunsamy said in a release that the dairy units, including Heritage, Tirumala, Totla and Jersey have increased the price now, third time this year.
The price of all varieties of milk, including Standardized Milk, Pasteurised Milk, fat and vitamanised milk, had been increased by Rs 2 a litre, he said.
A four-member committee comprising representatives of the consumers, dairy units, milk agents and an IAS officer, be constituted to monitor hike in milk price, he suggested.
He said 1.25 crore litres out of the total requirement of 1.5 crore litres daily were supplied by the private players and only 25 lakh litres are supplied by Aavin.
All major milk suppliers in Tamil Nadu were from Andhra Pradesh and the four units who increased the milk price were also from Andhra, he said.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Exporters tapping synthetic garment for higher growthExporters tapping synthetic garment for higher growth
PTI
An inside view of a garment unit.(file photo)
Tirupur (TN), Oct 5:  
Garment exporters, currently dominated by cotton garments, are in the process of tapping synthetic and blended garment segments in a big way, which constitute about 70 per cent of global demand, a top official in Tirupur Exporters’ Association (TEA) has said.
Tirupur, which exported garments worth Rs 18,500 crore last year, has a share of Rs 2,500 crore to Rs 3,000 crore in synthetic and blended garments, mainly winter garments, TEA president A Shaktivel told PTI.
Despite overall continued growth and demand for garments from this town, no extra effort was taken to increase the share of garments made of man—made fibre, like clothes of synthetic fibre, Shaktivel said.
Through Knitwear Technology Mission (KTM), which commenced its operations in Tirupur, it would be easy to produce garments using synthetic fabric, which hitherto was manufactured after imports from China, he said.
The frequent fluctuation on higher side in the cotton yarn prices also put the knitwear segment in problem, decreasing profit margin, the man made fibre, which was steady, would be helpful to tide over the crisis.
Claiming that exporters in Tirupur were seeing an opportunity in synthetic garments, as labour costs were increasing in China, which dominate the global synthetic garment business, Shaktivel said that though China was cheaper than India, the price difference was now thinning down.
Tirupur can get business throughout the year with the synthetic garments and the exporters were catering to the demand of spring and summer garments in Europe and US markets, which accounted for about 48 and 25 per cent respectively, he said.
Another major market emerging was fluorescent jacket used by police officials during night, which was estimated at four billion US dollars across the world and the medical textile and sports wear segment was also emerging, with blood stain free and capable of absorbing sweat, giving comfort to players and looked up as performance wears, he said.
On investments, he said that the circular knitting machine that were used for making cotton fabric costs Rs 10 lakh—30 lakh, the average cost of a machine that produces synthetic fabric is around Rs 3 crore.
Processing was another major challenge, which required high pressure dyeing machine, he said.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Indian long distance runner to retire from international eventsAn employee with Southern Railways, Sreedharan has lived a life riddled with hurdles. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 5, 2014 6:36 pm
Indian long-distance runner Preeja Sreedharan, who failed to meet the country’s medal hopes in the Incheon Asian Games in 10000m and 5000m, said she was retiring from international athletics.
Sreedharan told the media on Sunday that she would bid adieu to the track after the next edition of the national games, slated for earlier next year in her home state Kerala.
Sreedharan, 31, said the decision to retreat from international athletic events after the Asian Games of 2014 was taken much before. In the Asian Games of 2010, she had won gold in 10,000m and silver 5,000m.
“I would not participate in any more international events. With the next national games, I would leave the track for ever. The decision was taken to focus on family life, I would continue to strive for promoting athletics,’’ said Sreedharan, winner of Arjuna award in 2011.
An employee with Southern Railways, Sreedharan has lived a life riddled with hurdles. Up against the odds since losing her father at an early age, life has thrown various obstacles at the athlete from Kerala.
Right from walking 10 kilometres to school in the high ranges of Idukki district to not having enough money to fund her passion, Sreedharan’s family had seen her suffer through it all.
Right from her school days, Sreedharan had been a long distance runner. The daily trekking to the government high school at Rajakkad turned out to be her first training for the big league. Due to the transfer of her sports teacher Ranedran to another institution in Thodupuzha, Sreedharan too followed suit, moving out during her high school days.
While Sreedharan went on to participate in several state, national and international events, Pradeep dropped out of school to become a carpenter to meet her monetary demands. The Delhi Commonwealth Games shattered her confidence, as she managed to finish just above the last spot in the finals, but the Asian Games of 2010 show her stellar performance with gold.
When she ran for the country in the Beijing Olympics in 2008, the athlete lived in asmall, electricity-less mud-house with her brother and mother, with nothing more than an asbestos sheet for a roof. Later, the state government financed her to construct a new house.
In the Asian Games of 2010, she had won gold in 10,000m and silver 5,000m

Swadeshi Sangam convention on October 11-12 in Jaipur4
0
Jaipur: A two day convention 'Swadeshi Sangam' (SS) focusing on promotion and sale of indigenous products and issues related to foreign direct investment (FDI) will begin in Jaipur on October 11.
The Sangam will deliberate on issues related to Genetically Modified (GM)crops, decline of small-scale industries, environment and river linking, patent laws and factory labourers, said Kashmiri Lalji, National Convenor of Swadeshi Jagaran Manch, which is organising the event.
The convention, to be attended by about 400 delegates, would also formulate a set of recommendations to be tabled before the Narendra Modi government, he said.
A 2 day convention 'Swadeshi Sangam' focusing on promotion and sale of indigenous products and issues related to foreign direct investment.
#swadeshi sangam #indigenous products #jaipur
Addressing a press conference, Lalji also drew attention to the issue of Chinese crackers flooding Indian market during Diwali, affecting Indian small scale businessmen.
The convention will also address the FDI issue specially projected by the Modi government in Defence sector, he said.
SS wanted a big change in the Centre's policies but not by sacrificing indigenous products and at the stake of small scale industries, he added.
1

Most communal clashes took place during Cong-NCP rule in Maha:Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

2014 Incheon Asian GamesVKZk7uGbk/C5...    Cached
The 17th Asian Games will take place over 16 days in Incheon, Korea, from September 19 to October 4, 2014. It will be the third time Korea has hosted the OCA’s ...

Cocoa traders fear spread of EbolaCocoa traders fear Ebola outbreak in Ivory Coast
By Emiko Terazono in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/75f4c542-427e-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola is yet to be truly confrontedEbola is yet to be truly confronted
The disease is spreading faster in Africa than efforts to contain it
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/67e8e06a-44a3-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

First US Ebola case diagnosed in TexasFirst US Ebola case diagnosed in Texas
By Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a292ec82-48f0-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimco flagship fund had $23.5bn outflows last monthAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

US eases curbs on arms sales to VietnamUS eases restrictions on arms sales to Vietnam
By Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f42d0d8-4aac-11e4-b8bc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Monsoon withdrawal stalled as clouds mass up over BayMonsoon withdrawal stalled as clouds mass up over Bay
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 3:  
Convective clouds have spread out on Friday over south and east-central Bay of Bengal, Andaman Sea, Comorin area and south and west-central Arabian Sea.
A cyclonic circulation off Sri Lanka that had massed up clouds over interior Tamil Nadu has moved west is now in the Comorin area.
Withdrawal stalled
An India Met Department update said that rain or thundershowers would lash many parts of South India and the Andaman and Nicobar islands from Monday. This is the weather pattern obtaining on Friday as the Met says that the withdrawal of the monsoon has stalled along a line linking West India with eastern parts of north-west India.
But the rains associated with the South-West monsoon seem to have dried up into north India even as an ongoing shower activity to the south offered some resistance.
Fresh rain
The US National Centres for Environmental Prediction says that by the time withdrawal process reached peninsular south, showers would break out afresh from the eastern front (Bay side).
The rains are likely to be ‘feelers’ being sent out by the northeast monsoon across the Bay of Bengal from upstream South China Sea and the Gulf of Thailand. There is already a mass of clouds moving along a straight line across the tail of Thailand that separates the Gulf from the Indian Ocean/south-east Bay of Bengal.
This is where the US and European models, likely being joined by India Met as well, find a low-pressure being generated next week and travelling towards the East Coast.
Cyclone in Bay?
It would likely be a weather system generated by Typhoon Phanfone in the northwest Pacific and fuelled by a successor tropical storm already doing the rounds in the same basin.
The easterly to south-easterly winds from this developing storm would keep the adjoining South China Sea in a state of readiness to relay them into the rain wave headed for the Bay of Bengal. The European Centre sees the ‘low’ in the Bay developing into a cyclone off the Andhra Pradesh coast by October 13. If the forecast were to hold, the cyclone would announce the arrival of the North-East monsoon, slightly early for the year (the normal onset window is October 15-20).
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Mohan Bhagwat speechDoordarshan-telecasts...    Cached
DD’s live telecast of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat’s speech today caused uproar in political circles with Congress and CPM criticizing the national ...

Five lessons from the US jobs reportFive lessons from the US jobs report
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a6f244e-4b0c-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Busting One of Techs Biggest MythsThese guys have been busting myths for over a decade since the show premiered in 2003.
Photo by Michael Buckner/Getty Images for WIRED
This article originally appeared in Business Insider .
Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman, the hosts of Discovery Channel’s MythBusters, were keynote speakers at Thursday’s Evernote Conference.
Advertisement
Although not the typical guests you would expect at a tech conference, Savage and Hyneman said Evernote reached out to them because they’re both “esoteric makers” for many different kinds of projects. They’re working on a future collaboration project that will be revealed to the public in the near future.
After the speech, Business Insider caught up with the MythBusters hosts to ask what was the single coolest tech myth they’ve ever busted on the show.
“Using a cellphone will not blow up the gas station,” Savage said, referring to the common myth that you could accidentally blow up a gas station with a cellphone.
Top Comment
The logic of telling people not to use their phone at the pump was extremely suspect anyway.  If it's not on your ear, it's on in your pocket, right next to the pump!  Your grandma calls you and BOOM!   More...
-Lauren
Join In
He said it’s not the cellphone, but static sparks created when drivers rub themselves on the car that cause most of these fires. A lot of times, the drivers talk on their phones when the spark happens, so it just looks as if the cellphone is the cause of the fire, when it’s actually irrelevant.
“When you’re moving in and out of your car, you’re generating static electricity. If you feel a spark, that’s usually between 10 and 20,000 volts of static electricity—and that’s plenty strong enough to make gas fume,” he said.
In fact, this is something the cellphone industry acknowledges, too. According to an ABC report , two industry studies have concluded there’s no evidence that cellphones are a hazard around gasoline. Instead, it notes drivers should avoid static fires.
Savage said his show might have actually helped raise awareness of this problem. Since that episode aired nearly 10 years ago, the American Petroleum Institute told him, “the number of fires at gas stations has dropped by two-thirds.”
You can see part of that episode below:

The ghost of Mitt Romney 2012 looms over this years campaign  contdBy Sean Sullivan October 3 Follow @WaPoSean
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney smiles as he is booed after saying he will repeal "Obamacare" at the NAACP convention in Houston July 11, 2012. (REUTERS/Richard Carson)
This item was originally posted on Sept. 3 and has been updated with the latest politician to fall victim to the trend: the Republican Senate nominee in Georgia, David Perdue, who once said he "spent most" of his career on outsourcing. 
There are plenty of reasons Mitt Romney lost to President Obama in 2012, but here's a big one: the brutally effective campaign to paint him as a stiff, out of touch millionaire that he painfully reinforced in his infamous "47 percent" video.
The same formula that felled Romney threatens to derail some of the most promising candidates of the midterm campaign.
The latest to open himself up to Romney vintage attacks is David Perdue. Politico reported Friday that during a 2005 deposition, the GOP Senate nominee in Georgia was asked to describe his experience with outsourcing and responded, "Yeah, I spent most of my career doing that."
Perdue's campaign manager told Politico that by "outsourcing," Perdue was referring to a “company contracting with an outside source, not the direct shift of jobs overseas.” But that explanation may leave many unsatisfied. And it's not likely to stop Democrats from seizing on the comment to add to a narrative they've already started building.
Michelle Nunn, Perdue's Democratic opponent, has  run an ad  accusing Perdue, the former chief executive of Dollar General, of profiting off others' misfortunes. The firm that produced the ads crafted strikingly similar anti-Romney commercials for the Democratic super PAC Priorities USA.
Perdue is one of a handful of candidates running in key battleground races who are vulnerable to the same kinds of attacks Democrats lobbed at Romney in 2012. From Democrats Bruce Braley in Iowa and Sean Eldridge in New York to Illinois Republican Bruce Rauner, history could repeat itself in some of the most pivotal midterm contests.
Rauner, the Republican nominee for governor of Illinois, acknowledged to reporters   last month that he belongs to an exclusive wine club that costs more than $100,000 to join.
Rauner is viewed widely as the Republican with the best chance of unseating a Democratic governor. Democrats have been trying to build a he's-just-like-Mitt narrative around him to save Gov. Pat Quinn (D). Rauner, who made more than $50 million in 2013, has unintentionally fueled their attacks with head-scratching comments like the one he offered to the Chicago Sun-Times in March to describe his wealth: "Oh, I’m probably .01 percent."
Democrats have long been eager for any chance they get to cast Rauner as the Romney of 2014. The Democratic Governors Association released a video  in August tying the two together and accusing Rauner, a former private equity executive, of outsourcing jobs.
It's not just Republicans getting stung by Romney-style broadsides. To wit: Braley. He's not a mega-rich businessman like Perdue or Rauner. But like Romney, he was caught on camera making comments that instantly raised questions about how tone deaf he was to the lives of everyday Iowans.
In March, footage of Braley, a lawyer and congressman, disparaging Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R) as a "farmer from Iowa" at a private fundraiser became his own version of Romney's infamous "47 percent" video. It laid the foundation for a series of GOP attacks on Braley's appeal to working class Iowa voters that have transformed what once looked like a contest that tilted Democratic into a real GOP pickup opportunity.
Eldridge, the husband of Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes and Democrat challenging Rep. Chris Gibson (R-N.Y.), made headlines for all the wrong reasons this spring when he and his campaign dodged a Politico reporter eager to ask him questions about his investment firm.
All these examples reveal something important about 2014: Despite the all the discussion about President Obama weighing down Democrats and far-right Republicans foiling GOP candidates, personal attacks and missteps could be just as toxic on Nov. 4 -- if not more so.
If the personal complications become lethal in November, they could have far-reaching consequences. There are few races as pivotal in the battle for the Senate as Iowa and Georgia. There are no Democratic governors as vulnerable as Quinn. And Gibson's race won't tilt the majority, but it's one national strategists in both parties have been eyeing for months.
No matter the larger political climate, it never bodes well for a candidate when the public views them as out of touch. And sometimes, as Romney learned the hard way, it's enough to sink them.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Jobs data show US beating global economyJobs data show US beating global economy
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fd743aee-4afc-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Republicans raise Isis fears in electionRepublicans raise Isis fears in election
By Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41acd2d8-4b08-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ESPN embarrasses self with PR-journo stuntBy Erik Wemple October 3 Follow @ErikWemple
(AP Photo/Rick Osentoski, File)
Even as critics last week picked apart ESPN’s decision to suspend Grantland Editor-in-Chief Bill Simmons for calling NFL Commissioner a “liar,” they had to concede that the network had done some fine investigative reporting on the Ray Rice crisis, particularly an investigative story by Don Van Natta Jr. and Kevin Van Valkenburg. Esquire, for instance, tried to dis ESPN’s NFL-related journalism but was forced to apologize, presumably after being shown the public record .
So there was absolutely no need for this spectacle , an intra-ESPN interview about its own journalism. Or, as one informed observer termed it:
ESPN PR interviews ESPN management on ESPN journalism’s efforts in a post called Straight Facts: http://t.co/HBLd0QCVoF
— Richard Deitsch (@richarddeitsch) October 2, 2014
Aside from those straight facts, all you need to understand the value of this “interview” is to hear the questions:
*”Assess ESPN’s news coverage over the past few weeks.”
*”What have you been particularly proud of in terms of coverage?
*”How do you respond to outsiders who claim ESPN has not covered the issue with a critical eye due to business relationships with the league?”
*”How would you characterize the female voices who have been prominent on ESPN in these discussions?”
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

US faces flight ban calls over EbolaUS faces flight ban calls over Ebola
By Barney Jopson and Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/011e3d54-4b3c-11e4-b2e3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas maritime claimsAugust 20, 2014 6:12 pm
A sense of destiny inspires China’s maritime claims
By Philip Bowring
Beijing is seeking to turn the South China Sea into a ‘Chinese lake’, writes Philip Bowring
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a7f50ae-2871-11e4-9ea9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China maritime feud ensnares fishermenChina’s maritime feud with Vietnam ensnares fishermen
By Ben Marino in Sanya, China
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29b853f2-2680-11e4-9bca-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Global models train focus on Bay of Bengal for cyclone genesis Global models train focus on Bay of Bengal for cyclone genesis   
 VINSON KURIAN
Tweet
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, OCTOBER 4:  
The period of monsoon transition – build-up to and on trail - is known to create ideal conditions for cyclones to take shape in the Bay of Bengal.
The months of May and October have therefore witnessed such cyclones, most recently Super Cyclone Phailin that hit Andhra Pradesh-Odisha in October last year.
EAST COAST TARGET
This October appears no different, with an array of international models forecasting the possibility of a cyclone hitting the same coast during October 10 to 13.
This is strikingly close to the timeline that Phailin maintained, as too are features associated with the genesis of the storm being predicted by most of these agencies.
Twin Pacific typhoons, Phanfone and successor Vongfong, have surfed up the northwest Pacific basin and ‘excited’ the neighbouring South China Sea.
Phanfone is about to hit Japan, and Vongfong appears to follow a similar track, which is farther and away from South China Sea and the Bay of Bengal.
SEVERE CYCLONE?
But southeasterly to easterly flows associated with these storms and warming up of the South China Sea and the Bay of Bengal will ensure that ideal conditions for storm development are created in these basins.
Some of these models see a weather system developing upstream in South China Sea and crossing into southeast Bay/Andaman Sea as a fully developed storm.
This was the pattern witnessed in the case of Super Cyclone Phailin, too, which underwent early development in the Gulf of Thailand, just across the international waters.
The most outspoken forecast is from the UK Met model, which sees a severe cyclone posturing off the Andhra Pradesh-Odisha coast by October 10.
PEER FORECASTS
The US Navy Global Environmental Model (Navgem) and Global Forecast System of the Fleet Numerical Meteorology and Oceanography Centre both vouch for a cyclone developing in the Bay and heading for the Andhra Pradesh-Odisha coast around October 11/12.
The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts has maintained a watch for what it sees is a developing cyclone of minimal strength and likely making landfall over by October 12.
An ensemble model outlook from the US National Centres for Environmental Prediction-Global Forecast System and a multi-model ensemble of the Naval Oceanography Portal says a mature system crossing in from South China Sea.
TROUGH DEVELOPING
An ensemble model of the Canadian Met Centre sees a system developing over Andaman Sea and awaiting further evolution in the Andaman Sea later next week.
Back home, India Met Department has already picked a trough of lower pressure (not amounting to an organised low-pressure area) over the Andaman Sea.
It has also forecast heavy to very heavy rainfall over Andaman and Nicobar Islands over the next three days in what looks like a countdown to the creation of a low-pressure area in the area without much delay.
(This article was published on October 4, 2014)
Related

Timing of Chinese incursion with Xi visit a mystery: Air chiefPTI Chief of Indian Air Force (IAF), Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha gestures as he addresses a news conference in New Delhi on Saturday.
New Delhi, Oct 4:  
The Chinese incursion into Ladakh and the way the episode had coincided with the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to India was a “mystery”, IAF chief Arup Raha said today even as he stressed that Indian forces were not yielding any ground at the border.
“It’s been always a mystery the way incursions take place and the way they get timed with various visits... It’s nothing new… it remains a mystery for all of us”.
“You all know that in diplomacy a lot of signalling is done, especially so with our northern neighbour. It could be part of some signalling to my mind. But I am not going to guess what it really means,” he said at an interaction ahead of Indian Air Force’s 82nd anniversary celebrations on October 8.
However, making it clear that India was “not giving ground to anyone”, Raha blamed the frequent face-offs between Indian and Chinese troops along the Line of Actual Control on differences of perception between the two countries over the actual position.
“There are differences in perception as to where is the LAC... This is leading to face-offs. However, our security forces are following policies... We are not giving ground to anyone,” he said.
Meanwhile, referring to the measures being taken to build military infrastructure along the border with China, Raha said that a fighter aircraft base is coming up at Nyoma in Ladakh, but added that the project would take about five years to be completed.
Another base would come up in Kargil, he said, adding that the funds will be released soon for it.
“These bases are strategically important for us and will improve our capabilities,” he said.
Upgrade of six airfields in the northeast is also being carried out and the work will be completed by the end of 2015.
That would allow air force to operate fixed wing aircraft from there for swifter force mobilisation, Raha said.
(This article was published on October 4, 2014)
Related

Indian-origin Stanford professor wins top US award for scienceIndian-origin Stanford professor wins top US award for science
PTI
BusinessLine File photo of former President Pratibha Devisingh Patil presenting Padma Bhushan Award 2009 to Prof. Thomas Kailath
Washington, Oct 4:  
A 79-year old Indian-American Stanford University professor is among 10 innovators to receive US National Medal of Science announced by President Barack Obama for their contribution to the field of science.
Pune-graduate and Padma Bhushan recipient Thomas Kailath will receive the United States’ highest honour for achievement and leadership in advancing the fields of science at a White House ceremony later this year.
“These scholars and innovators have expanded our understanding of the world, made invaluable contributions to their fields, and helped improve countless lives,” Obama was quoted as saying by National Science Foundation, a US government agency, yesterday.
Awarded annually, the medal recognises individuals who have made outstanding contributions to science and engineering.
Born in 1935 to a Malayalam-speaking Syrian Christian family who hailed from Kerala, Kailath has authored several books including well-known Linear Systems.
After graduating from the University of Pune in 1956, Kailath received his Master’s degree and his doctorate degree in 1961, both from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology US. He was the first India-born student to receive a doctorate in electrical engineering from MIT.
He joined Stanford University as Associate Professor of Electrical Engineering in 1963 and was promoted to Professor in 1968, and was appointed the first holder of the Hitachi America Professorship in 1988.
He is also known for his contributions to the information and system sciences.
(This article was published on October 4, 2014)
Related

Womens panel head slams Yesudas jeans   remarkWomen’s panel head slams Yesudas’ jeans'' remark
PTI
The Hindu Lalitha Kumaramangalam, Chief of National Commission for Women
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 4:  
Criticising legendary singer K J Yesudas for his remark against women wearing jeans, Chairperson of National Commission for Women, Lalitha Kumaramangalam, today said it was unfortunate that such an “unethical” comment was made by the top-notch singer.
“It is unfortunate that such a statement has been made by a man who has been so much in public life, whatever may be his personal view ...There is nothing illegal in it but it was unethical,” Kumaramangalam told Mathrubhumi News.
Speaking at a Gandhi Jayanthi function here, Yesudas had said, “Women should not cause trouble to others by wearing jeans.... What should be covered must be covered.”
The legendary Malayali singer, who always appears in pristine white ‘dhothi’ and ‘kurta’, also said that attire like jeans was against Indian culture, which valued modesty as the greatest quality of women.
The comment by the 74-year old playback singer and Carnatic vocalist sparked instant protests from women organisations of different political hues.
(This article was published on October 4, 2014)
Related

Cameron vows to hunt down Hennings killersPrime minister vows to hunt down Alan Henning’s killers
By Sam Jones, Defence and Security Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6e875b18-4b3d-11e4-b2e3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Give free insulin to destitute diabetic children  doctors urgedGive free insulin to destitute diabetic children, doctors urged
PTI
Jitendra Singh
New Delhi, Oct 4:  
About 75,000 children in India suffer from juvenile diabetes, Union Minister Jitendra Singh today said as he urged medical practitioners to provide free insulin to especially those patients who belong to the weaker sections.
Singh, who has himself practiced medicine and is a diabetologist, said that the high-mortality rate for juvenile diabetes patients was mainly due to the inability of their parents to pay for the insulin for their life-long treatment.
The Minister of State for Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions added that ever since 1996, he has made it a rule to provide free insulin to every destitute diabetic child who was insulin-dependent, according to a ministry release.
In his inaugural address at the Afro-Asian conclave on diabetes in children, organised by Denmark-based Novo Nordisk Education Foundation, Singh said there is sometimes a tendency to ignore the fact that there are over 75,000 children with Type-1 juvenile diabetes in India who require life-long insulin for survival.
In Type-1 diabetes, which is usually diagnosed in children and young adults, the body does not produce insulin. Singh appealed to all medical practitioners to distribute free insulin to destitute diabetic children.
Referring to the Changing Diabetes in Children (CDiC) programme which was dedicated to the country by former President APJ Abdul Kalam, Singh said that to strive for the care of destitute diabetic children was one way of serving the nation through the medical profession.
Emphasising the need for self-management for better outcomes in diabetic care among children, he said that awareness programmes for children ought to be innovative and capable of capturing the interest of the young minds.
Singh, meanwhile, said that while the insulin injection remains the only viable option for such children for their survival, the hope is for a viable oral insulin option to become available very soon.
(This article was published on October 4, 2014)
Related

Power crisis forces Telangana to buy 2 000 MW powerPower crisis forces Telangana to buy 2,000 MW power
Our bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 4:  
Facing severe power problems, the Government of Telangana has decided to purchase 2000 MWs to meet the needs.
The State Chief Minister, K Chandrasekhara Rao has approved calling for bids for 2,000 MWs of power on a long term basis, said a statement from the CM office.
The State Energy Secretary, S K Joshi has been asked to procure the power at the earliest.
The capital city of Hyderabad is being subjected to a daily power cut of 4 hours, a higher number of hours in rural areas, while industries have also been forced to curtail work with a holiday on certain day in a week.
(This article was published on October 4, 2014)
Related

JPMorgan scales down commodities saleJPMorgan and Mercuria scale down commodities deal
By Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84ac84ca-4aea-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jayalalithaa keeping good health; no need for any panic’Jayalalithaa keeping good health; no need for any panic’
PTI
Jayalalithaa
Bangalore, Oct 4:  
AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa, who is lodged in Parapana Agrahara prison here after being convicted in an illegal assets case is keeping good health and there was no need for any panic, a top Karnataka police official said here today.
“I appeal to the people of Tamil Nadu not to panic. Madam Jayalalithaa is keeping good health,” DIG of Prisons M Jaisimha said seeking to scotch speculations about her well being.
Her blood pressure and sugar levels are normal, he said.
The DIG also denied reports that Jayalalithaa has been shifted to a hospital. “There is no truth in it — it is absolutely hogwash,” he said.
Jaisimha said the AIADMK leader is also being looked after by her friend Sasikala and Elavarasi, the latter’s relative who are lodged in the same women’s barracks.
On her prison routine, he said Jayalalithaa eats simple food as per doctors’ advice, besides reading newspapers. “She eats brown bread, milk, biscuits, fruits and chappatis, if she demands,” he said.
She also regularly reads three English dailies every day, he said.
The DIG said Jayalalithaa has not met anybody so far.
Jayalalithaa was convicted and sentenced to four years in prison and slapped with a fine of Rs 100 crore on September 27 by a Bangalore special court judge, who found her guilty in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets.
(This article was published on October 4, 2014)
Related

Ringing in the doughUpdated: October 4, 2014 20:27 IST
Ringing in the dough
lifestyle and leisure
What’s the reason for the sudden explosive growth of smartphones in the market…
Seventeen-year-old Yash Mehta knew the Chinese Xiaomi Mi3 smartphone was a winner, as soon as he read the product specifications and the price. “It’s worth Rs.30,000 and they are giving it for Rs.14,000, with a 2.3 GHz quadcom processor. Everything works perfectly. It’s the best phone you can get in its size,” says the Mumbai-based teenager, who uses his phone for the usual teenage mix of calls, e-mail, Snapchat, WhatsApp, Instagram and Facebook. He doesn’t really game, but the Mi3 is powerful enough to support gaming, he says.
The phone caught his attention when he was looking to upgrade his Micromax Canvas 2 smartphone; so he logged onto Flipkart on July 22, the day of the launch. The phones sold out in seconds that day, but Mehta was able to order his phone the day after. Noticing an ad for a cheaper version called Redmi — priced at Rs.5,999, the teenager realised it was a perfect upgrade for his father, who had been using a regular phone. So Mehta bought that as well and now his father can check his e-mail on his phone, use WhatsApp and check the value of his portfolio on Moneycontrol.com.
It is consumers like these, as well as many first-time phone users, who are the focus of Android One. Launched recently with a publicity blitzkrieg, this initiative from Google sees it collaborating with smartphone manufacturers, telecom providers and software developers to create a whole range of competitively priced smartphones.
Forty six million smartphones sold in India last year, and this year sales are expected to be about double that number at 85 million, says Tarun Pathak, Senior Analyst at Counterpoint Research, a market research firm. Smartphone penetration in India is still low, at 10 per cent in 2013-14. Yet, by the end of the year, this number will go up, as 33 per cent of the total phone sales are smartphones.
What then are the reasons for this sudden explosive growth? After all, smartphones are hardly a new category. Ever since the launch of the world’s first smartphones, the iPhone in 2008, they have been steadily proliferating. Smartphones now account for over 70 per cent of total cell phones in developed markets.
In India, however, a whole set of factors have come together for an accelerated development and growth in this category. “As people begin to understand the Internet and the power of data, the smartphone increasingly becomes a mass product,” says Nikolai Dobberstein, Partner at A.T. Kearney, the global management consulting firm. Indeed it is data and the Internet that drives much of the smartphone impetus. As Sandeep Menon, Marketing Director at Google, points out: “For many people, phones are the first gateway to the Internet.” Today 45 per cent of all railway tickets are bought online. There will be an estimated 160 million transactions online in India by 2017 and e-commerce of the value of an estimated 30 billion dollars, says a study by A.T. Kearney and Google.
For many consumers, the smartphone is also seen as a symbol of having arrived, as ownership of an Apple or a Samsung or Motorola or Nokia smartphone becomes irresistible arm candy. Little wonder then that there are as many as 70-plus smartphone brands in India. Online e-commerce site Flipkart, for instance, carries as many as 55 brands, ranging from a unit price of Rs.1,999 to models that cost over Rs.60,000.
“At Flipkart, the smartphone sales have grown over 600-700 per cent year on year,” says Kalyan Krishnamurthy, SVP – Retail, Flipkart. “Models like Moto E (Rs.6,999) and Moto G9 (Rs.12,999) are the best-selling phones on Flipkart. Asus Zenfone 5 (Rs.10,490 onwards) and Xiaomi products have been major hits too.” All these phones are priced between Rs.6,000 and Rs.13,000, clearly demonstrating the potential for growth in the sub-Rs.15,000 category.
And of course, this is exactly where the Android One phones are positioned. The first three devices in this initiative were launched recently on three ecommerce sites — the Spice ‘Dream’ at Rs.6,299 on Flipkart, the Karbonn ‘Sparkle’ on Snapdeal at Rs.6,399 and the Micromax A1 at Rs.6,499 on Amazon. All three phones run on the Android v4.4.4 (Kit Kat operating system) and include front and back cameras, a dual sim and the ability to store YouTube videos to be watched offline, which is a great selling point for consumers who watch cricket clips and Bollywood clips on their smartphones. The phones will get automatic software updates from Google, and will receive the new Android L release later this year as well as free downloads up to 200MB for the first six months for apps off the Google store including Chrome maps and YouTube, all without using their data plan. There will be other phones and other brands too, says Menon. The Android One launch has already been followed by other smartphone launches like the Jolla Sailfish at Rs.16,499.  Also expected to debut later this year are the Samsung Note 4, and the India launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 plus. All in all, it is raining smartphones in this market, as Indian handset makers like Micromax , Karbonn and Lava slug it out with big daddys like Samsung and Apple, as well as aggressive Chinese entrants like Xiaomi and Gionee.
“Going ahead, there will be a bifurcation in the market. At the high end there will be the iPhone/Galaxy Note customer who is not as price sensitive. Then there is the below Rs.7,000 segment where growth is really going to explode,” says Dobberstein, who feels the key ingredients for success here will be the linkages between apps and the operating systems, as well as the ability to customise interfaces like in the Xiaomi . “It’s a market where brands come and go, and often come back as well,” he says, pointing to Nokia, which made a comeback with Lumia; HTC, which tried to make a comeback with HTC 1; and Sony with Xperia. It’s also a market where specific handset models end up being more important than brands, where customers talk in terms of an iPhone 6, a Redmi or a Moto rather than Apple, Xiaomi or Motorola; so it is clearly the device that’s key as opposed to the phone brand,” says Dobberstein.
While the smartphone market at this point seems clearly big enough to accommodate a multiplicity of brands, some sort of shake-up or consolidation may happen, says Pathak. Key issues will not just be price and quality, but the ability to customise. “We can expect a rising trend towards creating app experiences tailored with localised content and language support.” Pathak feels a regional app store will be the next battleground and point of differentiation among the smartphone brands.
For the consumer, it will continue to get better and better, as prices of smartphones fall, even as the basket of digital goodies they offer — from high-density screens and cameras to faster processing — continues to increase.

PM rally in riot-scarred Sangli today  BJP faces the Shiv Sena hurdlePM rally in riot-scarred Sangli today, BJP faces the Shiv Sena hurdle
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Sangli |       October 5, 2014 9:39 am
Comments
As it attempts to repeat or better its performance in 2014, the BJP faces a division of loyal Hindu votes.
Scars of communal violence of five years ago here are still visible in its epicentre of Sangli-Miraj even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses a rally in Sangli’s Tasgaon Assembly constituency Sunday.
In 2009 Assembly polls, which took place after the violence ripped across the town, witnessed a clear division in votes on community lines. Benefiting the most from this polarisation, the BJP managed to bag three out of the eight Assembly seats in the belt, which has traditionally remained loyal to the Congress. The three seats that went into the BJP kitty were Sangli, Miraj and Jat.
As it attempts to repeat or better its performance in 2014, the BJP faces a  division of loyal Hindu votes. Following its divorce with BJP, the Shiv Sena, which does not represent a single seat in the region, has put up candidates in seven Assembly segments.
BJP legislator Suresh Khade, who represents the Miraj Assembly seat, conceded the Sena challenge while claiming that his would ride the Modi wave and development carried out by party legislators in the belt to improve its tally. “It would be incorrect to say that we had won last time only because of the riots. Our vote margins might come down in the new circumstances,” Khade said.
Local BJP leaders admitted being wary of the Shiv Sena factor, while pointing out that a split in the Congress-NCP alliance and a presence of rebels would bolster their chances.
Besides gains in Sangli-Miraj, the BJP had also recorded gains in two Kolhapur seats in 2009.
In their bid to gain maximum votes, both BJP and Sena have been trying to woo supporters of local Hindutva icon, Sambhaji Bhede (Guruji). Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray referred to him generously during his campaign in Sangli earlier this week and did the same at another rally in Borivali a day later. Modi has already said that the former RSS activist was his role model. Sources said Modi would refer to him again during his Sunday’s speech.

Team India gets its first chinamanPrint
Kuldeep Yadav is yet to play a First-Class game but seems to have made an impression on the selectors, most recently during the CLT20. (Source: Express FILE)
Written by Daksh Panwar | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:11 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 8:49 am
“Kal tak to hamare saath khel raha tha. Aaj dekhiye kahan nikal gaya. Talented to tha. (Till yesterday he was playing with us. Look where he is now. But he was talented.)”
Kuldeep Yadav made these casual remarks about Ashton Agar in a conversation with The Indian Express a few days after the Australian had played an astonishing 98-run innings while batting at No.11 on his Test debut at Trent Bridge in July 2013.
Now, over a year later, his own teammates from his Uttar Pradesh/India under-19 days will have something similar to say about Yadav after he was named on Saturday in India’s ODI squad for the upcoming series against the West Indies.
In the process, Yadav, who has been a revelation for the Kolkata Knight Riders in the Champions League T20, also entered a league of his own. For while being a left-arm unorthodox spinner itself puts him in a super-exclusive club, now, having received this maiden call-up, the 19-year-old becomes the first chinaman to make the senior India team.
However, the standout fact about Yadav is not his chinaman bowling. It’s that he has broken into the team without having played a single Ranji Trophy game or even a top-flight domestic one-day match. His rise has been nothing if not meteoric.
And it has surprised Yadav himself. The bowler was preparing for Saturday’s Champions League final against the Chennai Super Kings when he got the selection news. “Selection was never on my mind. All I was thinking was about the final,” he told this paper on Saturday. “It’s a great moment for me…But I never thought I will make it so early.”
To be fair, no-one did.
On that rainy day in 2013, when he spoke of Agar half-enviously, Yadav was busy doing some last-minute shopping at a suburban Kanpur mall ahead of his flight to Sri Lanka for a nondescript under-19 tour. At that time, making the senior team was a long-term ambition, a distant dream, and his immediate focus was on cementing his place in the side for the Junior World Cup.
A good performance in that tournament, which was to be held in February-March 2014, would bring that dream a little bit closer.
In the event, the Indian colts finished a disappointing fifth in the under-19 World Cup, but Yadav, with 14 scalps in six matches including a hat-trick, was tied second on the wicket-takers list. By this time he had also aroused the Kolkata Knight Riders’ interest sufficiently to get himself an IPL contract.
The spinner didn’t get a look-in during IPL 7 but impressed in his very first outing in the CLT20. A three-wicket haul in his second game continued…
Till yesterday he was playing with us. Look where he is now. But he was talented

Private equity remains a rarity in pension portfoliosPrivate equity remains a rarity in African pension portfolios
By Katrina Manson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec152992-1e52-11e4-ab52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lewis Hamilton wins wet Japanese Grand PrixE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Emerging markets face new normalEmerging markets adapt to ‘new normal’ as commodities cycle ends
By Jonathan Wheatley in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/27a1b0d8-4b09-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Passenger cleared after false Ebola scare at US airport
UK hostage freed as Cameron orders raid on ISIS David Bolam, a British teacher held hostage by militants in Libya since May has been released, official sources said, as Prime Minister David Cameron instructed intelligence agencies to identify ISIS targets so that special forces could rescue remaining hostages.
 
The Foreign Office said that Bolam, who taught at the International School Benghazi, was "safe and well" and had been reunited with his family. His kidnapping had not been reported at the request of the Foreign Office and his family.
 
Facing intense pressure to act against ISIS following the release of a new video showing the killing of aid worker Alan Henning, Cameron is reported to be pressing intelligence agencies to identify targets that would allow SAS troops to stage a raid to rescue remaining hostages and bring in the kidnappers either dead or alive.
 
The Sunday Times quoted British sources as saying that a special forces team was already on standby in the region ready to act on any information leading to the jihadists. Cameron has said that ‘all assets’ of the government will be used to ‘hunt down’ Henning’s killers.
 
The Cameron government also came under pressure to take action against countries including Saudi Arabia and Qatar that are accused of funnelling money and training to ISIS and other extremist groups.
 
Lord Dannatt, former head of the British army, said that the government risked undermining the international coalition combating ISIS unless it took action to stop individuals in Gulf States sending cash to the militants.
 
“It is not acceptable, for example, to welcome large capital injections into prestige projects like the Shard in London while not exerting the strongest pressure on the Qatari government to crack down on some of their own citizens,” he said in an article for The Sunday Telegraph.
 
“Such potential hypocrisy runs the risk of undermining many of the other political and military actions being taken to discredit and destroy the caliphate ambitions of the jihadists.”
 
Henning’s widow, Barbara, said in a statement on Saturday that she was “numb with grief” at the murder, while Colin Livesey, her brother, said: “They could have done more when they knew months and months ago.”

Why is  Soft State  India Not Taking Action Against ISISThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian long distance runner to retire from internationaleventsAn employee with Southern Railways, Sreedharan has lived a life riddled with hurdles. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 5, 2014 6:36 pm
Indian long-distance runner Preeja Sreedharan, who failed to meet the country’s medal hopes in the Incheon Asian Games in 10000m and 5000m, said she was retiring from international athletics.
Sreedharan told the media on Sunday that she would bid adieu to the track after the next edition of the national games, slated for earlier next year in her home state Kerala.
Sreedharan, 31, said the decision to retreat from international athletic events after the Asian Games of 2014 was taken much before. In the Asian Games of 2010, she had won gold in 10,000m and silver 5,000m.
“I would not participate in any more international events. With the next national games, I would leave the track for ever. The decision was taken to focus on family life, I would continue to strive for promoting athletics,’’ said Sreedharan, winner of Arjuna award in 2011.
An employee with Southern Railways, Sreedharan has lived a life riddled with hurdles. Up against the odds since losing her father at an early age, life has thrown various obstacles at the athlete from Kerala.
Right from walking 10 kilometres to school in the high ranges of Idukki district to not having enough money to fund her passion, Sreedharan’s family had seen her suffer through it all.
Right from her school days, Sreedharan had been a long distance runner. The daily trekking to the government high school at Rajakkad turned out to be her first training for the big league. Due to the transfer of her sports teacher Ranedran to another institution in Thodupuzha, Sreedharan too followed suit, moving out during her high school days.
While Sreedharan went on to participate in several state, national and international events, Pradeep dropped out of school to become a carpenter to meet her monetary demands. The Delhi Commonwealth Games shattered her confidence, as she managed to finish just above the last spot in the finals, but the Asian Games of 2010 show her stellar performance with gold.
When she ran for the country in the Beijing Olympics in 2008, the athlete lived in asmall, electricity-less mud-house with her brother and mother, with nothing more than an asbestos sheet for a roof. Later, the state government financed her to construct a new house.
In the Asian Games of 2010, she had won gold in 10,000m and silver 5,000m

Years after its construction  Delhi Eye is finally open to publicIt is constructed on the lines of the famous such flyers in London and Singapore. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
Written by Divya A | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 6:06 pm
Delhi Eye, a 200-foot-tall ferris wheel adjacent to Kalindi Kunj in Okhla, has been finally thrown open to the public. It is constructed on the lines of the famous such flyers in London and Singapore. In fact, the same Dutch company which created the Singapore Flyer, was hired to construct the Delhi Eye. Although the structure came up a couple of years ago, it had rolled into controversy before its inauguration. A court-appointed committee overseeing encroachments on the river called it “illegal”, saying it falls within the 300-metre strip along either side of the river where private and commercial construction has been forbidden.
“But all due clearances have been obtained now, and from now, it’s up and running all seven days of the week,” said Syed Salim, Managing Director of iZara Entertainment, which runs the wheel. Also present at the launch was Henk Roodenburg, President of Dutch Wheels & Venkoma Rides, which has constructed the structure at a cost of approximately Rs 70 crore. The Netherlands-based company runs several giant wheels at well-known tourist locations in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Roodenburg said, “This observatory-style experience would be special for Delhiites since the far reaching view over Delhi is spectacular.”
From 36 air-conditioned cabins, Delhi Eye offers a bird’s eye view of popular sites in the vicinity – including Akshardham Temple, Humayun’s Tomb and even Lotus Temple, in a span of 20 minutes. Each trip, which comprises three rounds, costs Rs 250 per head. About 18-storey high (45 metres), the giant wheel has a total capacity of 288 people. On a clear day, one can even see Connaught Place from a distance.
“We hope the strategic location of amusement park at Kalindi Kunj will make it accessible to people from Delhi, Ghaziabad, Faridabad and Gurgaon and the tourists will have another spot to visit in Delhi,” said Salim, adding, “As it starts doing well, we are going to add narrations, LCD screens and meals to add to the experience.”

Ajmal s bowling action has improved: PCBSaeed Ajmal's action has improved under the guidance of Saqlain Mushtaq, said the PCB on Sunday. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: October 5, 2014 11:06 am | Updated: October 5, 2014 11:08 am
Pakistan is hoping that their star spinner Saeed Ajmal will have his bowling action corrected before the World Cup as a team of experts was working very hard to ensure that he plays for the national team in cricket’s showpiece event.
The senior General Manager (medical and sports sciences) in the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB), Dr Sohail Saleem said that there would be some good news on Ajmal’s front soon.
“There is definite improvement in Saeed’s bowling action as the team of experts led by Saqlain Mushtaq is working in two sessions with him every day,” Saleem said.
“Saqlain’s presence and advice has helped Saeed a lot and the target is to make him ready for a bowling action test before the World Cup,” Saleem said.
The PCB has hired Saqlain the former champion off-spinner to help Saeed remodel his bowling action in accordance with the ICC’s new protocol for bowlers.
ICC allows a 15 degrees extension of the elbow while bowling Saeed in the bio-mechanics test went up to 43 degrees.
The off spinner was reported for his action in August after the first Test against Sri Lanka at Galle.
Saleem said that Saeed had bowled with his normal action in the Tests in Brisbane.
“Now Saqlain has been getting him back to basics and has first worked on his action while bowling orthodox off-breaks and will than move onto his action when bowling the ‘Doosra’.
Sources at the NCA admitted that it had taken a big effort from the team of experts specially Saqlain to pep up Saeed after he was suspended from bowling.
“Ajmal’s morale and spirits were down after his suspension but now his mood is getting better.”
Haroon Rasheed who is the director game development in the PCB said that work on setting up the bio-mechanics lab at the NCA was progressing at full speed now.
“Bowlers with suspect actions have been a problem in domestic cricket for a while now but now the Board has decided to deal with his issue very seriously which is why setting up of the biomechanics lab is a top priority now.”
Rasheed said the equipment for the bio-mechanics lab was already in Lahore and was being further upgraded in line with the new protocols of the ICC. He hoped that once the biomechanics lab was set up it would also be accredited by the ICC.
Saqlain's presence and advice has helped Saeed a lot and the target is to make him ready before the World Cup

Surrey oil hunt picks up where Esso let goSurrey oil hunt picks up where Esso let go
By Paul Murphy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/05453b34-4ae8-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Trinamool Congress denies involvement in BurdwanblastPress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: October 5, 2014 7:21 pm
Trinamool Congress on Sunday denied any connection between the party and those involved in explosion in Burdwan district in which terror group links have been alleged. The party said that CPI(M) and BJP were making irresponsible comments to create unrest in ‘peaceful’ West Bengal.
“Both the CPI(M) and BJP are trying to create unrest in the state at a time when the Durga Puja festival has just ended and Eid celebrations are set to begin,” TMC national general secretary Mukul Roy informed reporters.
Reacting to Left Front Chairman Biman Bose’s allegation of nexus between TMC and the suspected militants in the explosion at Khagragarh in Burdwan district, Roy said, “while Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee is keeping close contacts throughout the state Bimanbabu and BJP are trying to create unrest in peaceful Bengal through their irresponsible comments.”
The BJP has also accused the Mamata Banerjee government of turning West Bengal into a safe haven for anti-national and Jihadi activities, reacting to the October 2 blast in which 2 persons were killed.
BJP secretary Siddharth Nath Singh on Sunday alleged in Delhi that the state government was destroying the evidence of the incident.
Roy said, “The way the CPI(M) and BJP are making wild allegations and irresponsible comments, it seems they are purposefully trying to create unrest in Bengal in tandem.”
“TMC does not have to learn patriotism from either BJP or the CPI(M),” he said.
Asked about the allegations that those involved in the blast had contacts with local TMC leadership, Roy said “investigation is on, only after it is completed it will be known what happened and who are involved.”
Roy appealed to the people to maintain peace and order in the face of “such wild allegations.”

Keralas liquor policy: Sundays to be dry daysWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 5, 2014 6:58 pm | Updated: October 6, 2014 12:32 am
Marking the implementation of the new liquor policy of Congress government, Kerala on Sunday observed dry day.
Hence forth, Sundays would be dry days in Kerala, a step envisaged to bring down liquor consumption. All bar hotels and retail liquor outlets remained closed on Sunday, which would have been normally the wettest day in a week. Now Sundays would join the already existing 26 dry days in Kerala.
Owners of 312 bar hotels have contested the state liquor policy in the high court. They had claimed that the bars could operate on Sunday until the verdict of the high court. But, the state government took a tough decision to close down all bar and retails outlets on Sunday.
In many places, regular customers were seen hanging around the bars and outlets of the State Beverages Corporation expecting to get a bottle. It has been a practice in Kerala that touts stock bottles on the eve of dry days and sell the stock next day at exorbitant price.
Last week, the state had permanently closed down 39 retail liquor outlets in tune with the new policy that 10 per cent of the outlets would be wound up in every year. These outlets were picked from across the state. However, tippers had moved to other outlets, which had witnessed unusual rush in the last two days.
Meanwhile, the Beverages Corporation submitted a fresh affidavit on the sales figures in the Kerala high court, which is hearing bar hotel owners’ petition. The new affidavit said liquor sales had come down by one per cent after the closure of 418 bars since April this year.
Earlier, the Bevco had told the court that the liquor sales had gone up manifold in 312 bars and retail outlets after the closure of 418 bars since April this year. A section of Congress leaders had protested against this affidavit, saying it was meant to help the bar hotel owners. The bar hotel owners had alleged that since that 90 per cent of retail outlets remain open, the new liquor policy was targeted to spoil the hotel industry alone.
Subsequently, the Beverages submitted the new affidavit.

Ebola patient in Dallas  fighting for his life : US health officialEbola patient in Dallas 'fighting for his life': US health official
Reuters
Tweet
Washington, Oct 5:  
The Ebola patient hospitalised in Dallas is "fighting for his life," a top U.S. health official said on Sunday, a day after the man's condition worsened from serious to critical.
"The man in Dallas, who is fighting for his life, is the only patient to develop Ebola in the United States," Dr. Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta, told CNN's "State of the Union."
Frieden said that in the affected parts of West Africa, where ebola has killed more than 3,000 people, the disease is spreading so rapidly it is difficult for health officials to keep up.
He said he was confident that the virus would not spread widely in the United States.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Nearly 4 lakh still flood-hit in AssamNearly 4 lakh still flood-hit in Assam
PTI
Tweet
Guwahati, Oct 5:  
Nearly four lakh people were still reeling under the impact of floods in Assam though the water level was receding in most parts of the State.
According to the daily flood report by Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA), 3.7 lakh people across three districts are still affected due to the floods.
202 villages in Goalpara, Kamrup Rural and Dhemaji districts are flood-hit, with 3.66 lakh people affected in Goalpara alone.
The authorities are operating 18 relief camps and shelter homes, where around 6,000 people were staying.
Crops in over 40,000 hectare were under water across the State. In Goalpara alone, crops in over 37,000 hectare have been affected, affecting nearly 83,000 families depending on agriculture.
During this latest wave of flood, 44 people have lost their lives. Of them, 20 persons died in Goalpara, followed by 16 in Kamrup Rural, six in Kamrup Metro and one each in Morigaon and Dhubri districts.
In Goalpara, 81,582 houses were either fully or partially damaged due to the floods.
Besides, a large number of roads and bridges, government infrastructure like schools, health centres and offices have been damaged in many districts.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Pensions platform misses targetsOsborne’s flagship pensions platform misses targets
By Gill Plimmer and Jim Pickard
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/141531bc-4b1c-11e4-8a0e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

External debt jumps $12.6bn to $346.6bn in Q1Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi takes on Sharad Pawar  silent on Shiv SenaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Russia s Rosneft Offers Stake in Vankor Oilfield to ONGC Videsh: ReportThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Viral infections in pregnancy may cause juvenile diabetesViral infections in pregnancy may cause juvenile diabetes
PTI
Tweet
Jerusalem, Oct 5:  
Prenatal exposure to viruses may cause type 1 diabetes and other autoimmune diseases in children, scientists have found.
The exact cause of juvenile diabetes has eluded scientists, but a new study from Tel Aviv University suggests that the autoimmune disease is initiated in utero.
According to the research, women who contract a viral infection during pregnancy transmit viruses to their genetically susceptible foetuses, sparking the development of type 1 diabetes.
“We knew that type 1 diabetes was associated with other autoimmune diseases like Hashimoto Thyroiditis, celiac disease, and multiple sclerosis, so we investigated the seasonality of birth months for these respective diseases in Israel and other countries,” said Zvi Laron, Professor Emeritus of Pediatric Endocrinology at TAU’s Sackler Faculty of Medicine.
“We found that the seasonality of the birth of children who went on to develop these diseases did indeed differ from that of the general public.
“In further studies, we found evidence that viral infections of the mother during pregnancy induced damage to the pancreas of the mother and/or the foetus, evidenced by specific antibodies including those affecting the pancreatic cells producing insulin,” Laron said.
For the study, Laron and his team of researchers from Israel, the University of Washington, and Lund University, Sweden, conducted blood tests of 107 healthy pregnant women, testing for islet cell autoantibodies - evidence of diabetes that appears years before initial symptoms do. They also tested for anti-rotavirus and anti-CoxB3 antibodies.
The researchers found a striking difference between women tested in different seasons, suggesting a link to winter epidemics.
The concurrent presence of GAD65 antibodies in cord blood and their mothers indicated autoimmune damage to islet cells during gestation, possibly caused by cross-placental transmission of viral infections and/or antivirus antibodies.
In other words, during viral epidemics of winter months, ten per cent of the healthy pregnant women who had no family background of autoimmune diseases tested positive for damaging antibodies.
In addition, the cord blood antibody concentrations that exceeded those of the corresponding maternal sample, or antibody-positive cord blood samples with antibody-negative maternal samples, implied an in utero immune response by the foetus.
“If our hypothesis can be verified, then preventive vaccine before conception would be useful in stopping the increasing incidence of type 1 diabetes and other autoimmune diseases,” said Laron.
The study is published in the journal Diabetic Medicine.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Maria Sharapova holds off Petra Kvitova to win China Open  Novak Djokovic tames TomasBerdychharapova hit 18 winners compared to Kvitova's 25 but committed 15 less unforced errors than her opponent's 44 to prevail in the three-setter. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Beijing | Posted: October 5, 2014 7:45 pm
World number one Novak Djokovic destroyed Tomas Berdych in a lop-sided contest to win his fifth China Open crown on Sunday while Maria Sharapova overcame Petra Kvitova 6-4 2-6 6-3 in the women’s final to move up to number two in the world rankings.
Top seed Djokovic took 66 minutes to seal a 6-0 6-2 win against Berdych, who raised his arms in celebration when he won a game to avoid the ignominy of a double bagel with the Serb leading 6-0 5-0 and serving for the match.
Berdych managed to win back-to-back games, but it was just a matter of time before Djokovic sealed an easy win to continue his love affair with the Beijing tournament where he now has a 24-0 record.
Earlier in the women’s final, Wimbledon champion Kvitova broke her opponent in the very first game but Sharapova showed greater intensity towards the end to prevail in a contest that lasted two hours and 28 minutes.
French Open champion Sharapova broke her Czech opponent twice to claim the first set, but Kvitova unleashed 15 winners in the second to force a decider.
Sharapova, having dropped her first set in the tournament, raised her game in the third, racing to a 3-0 lead but could not capitalise on her first match point at 5-2 with an inside out forehand into the net.
She eventually served out the match and raised her hands in celebration after Kvitova buried a return into the net.
“It was a bit of an up-and-down match I’d say — maybe not the best out of the tournament,” Sharapova told reporters.
“But it’s never easy playing against Petra. You don’t always quite get a good rhythm. She goes for a lot of shots, very deep, and she’s a very good, confident player.
“She became the more aggressive player in the second set. I think I took a few too many steps back and let her play that way. But I was able to lift my game again in the third and come out with a win,” she added.
Sharapova hit 18 winners compared to Kvitova’s 25 but committed 15 less unforced errors than her opponent’s 44 to prevail in the three-setter.
Kvitova, who won in Wuhan last week, conceded she had succumbed to fatigue towards the end of the contest.
“I was tired, but it was a final, and every time I’m playing a final, I’m giving everything I have inside,” the Czech said.
“What I did today was a great battle. It was small things and small points that make the difference in the end. I had some chances but Maria just didn’t let them go.
“She just played really well. And we played two and a continued…
I was tired, but it was a final, and every time I'm playing a final, I'm giving everything I have inside

India  US working on choking support toD-CompanyPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 7:44 pm
India and the US are working further on their declaration on how to choke all financial and tactical support to underworld don and terror mastermind Dawood Ibrahim’s D-Company.
National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Doval, who stayed back in the US from Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s delegation, was tasked to discuss a strategy to be adopted to implement the Indo-US commitment.
A joint statement, issued after the talks between Modi and US President Barack Obama, said, “The leaders stressed the need for joint and concerted efforts, including the dismantling of safe havens for terrorist and criminal networks, to disrupt all financial and tactical support for networks such as Al Qaeda, Lashkar-e Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, the D-Company, and the Haqqanis.
Doval was also entrusted to talk about US government- approved snooping on various countries including India, a top government official said.
Significantly, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had raised the issue with his American counterpart John Kerry during his visit here on July 31, saying that snooping on India was “not acceptable”.
The government official, who termed Modi’s visit as “extremely successful and a game changer”, also said that India’s decision to grant Visa on Arrival to American citizens which was announced by Modi there was not on “strict reciprocity”.
“The decision (to grant VoA) is taken for our own interest. It is to enhance tourism, inflows of visitors. This is not something we are looking for strict reciprocity. We are looking at it in pure self interest,” the official said.
The official also talked about the United States’ Global Entry Program available to Indian citizens which will enable their easy entry into America.

Cowboys return unlikely for Robert Griffin IIIBy Mike Jones October 5 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Robert Griffin III leaves on the cart after his injury in Week 2 against the Jacksonville Jaguars. (Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
Despite speculation that injured quarterback Robert Griffin III would make a return to action in three weeks when Washington faces the Dallas Cowboys on Oct. 27, a Monday night, people within the organization maintain that there is no set timetable, and that such a return date seems unlikely at this time.
The NFL Network reported Sunday morning that the “plan” is for Griffin to return to play against the Cowboys.
However, people within the organization described such a timeline as inaccurate. Coaches want to see him make it through two full weeks of practice before they determine whether or not he is ready to return to game action. And, just because Griffin received clearance to practice fully, there is no guarantee that he would reclaim his starting job right away, a person with knowledge of the situation said.
Griffin on Saturday joined his teammates for some light, pre-practice stretching but otherwise, he has not taken part in drills of any kind. He has not resumed running or actual football-related activities.
Coach Jay Gruden maintained on Saturday that despite Griffin joining his teammates for stretching, there is no timetable for his return. He said that the quarterback is working hard, but that he is not yet close to making his comeback.
Several orthopedic specialists interviewed by The Post when Griffin first injured his ankle in Week 2 against the Jacksonville Jaguars called a four- to six-week recovery time extremely optimistic and unlikely.
The Redskins head into Week 5 against the defending Super Bowl champion Seattle Seahawks and their dynamic secondary. The Washington Post's Mike Jones and Jason Reid say that quarterback Kirk Cousins should proceed with caution when looking down field. (Randolph Smith/The Washington Post)
Mike Jones covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post. When not writing about a Redskins development of some kind – which is rare – he can be found screaming and cheering at one of his kids’ softball, baseball, soccer or basketball games.

Pakistan violates ceasefire in Kashmir againThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Austerity versus growth version 3.0 at G20/IMFThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Corrupt  Congress-NCP share same ideology: PM ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Karnataka invites bids for 500-MW round-the-clock powerKarnataka invites bids for 500-MW round-the-clock power
Anil Urs
To conserve hydel power and take up repair works
Bangalore, October 5:  
Karnataka is planning to buy 500 MW RTC (round-the-clock) power from producers to meet demand for the next eight months.
The power is being bought on a short-term basis from generators, trading licensees, State utilities, captive power plants (CPPs) and co-generators within the southern region for power supply.
“The State has resorted to inviting bids in an effort to conserve hydel power and simultaneously take up repair works on few units of Raichur Thermal Plant,” a senior Karnataka energy department official said.
He further added, “As for the tariff, we expect to get good rates during the bidding by interested parties as we are going in early in the season. We also have good payment mechanism and record,” he added.
The Power Company of Karnataka Limited (PCKL), which has invited bids, is buying power on behalf of Government-owned distribution companies such as Bescom, Mescom, Hescom, Gescom and Cescom. The corporation has fixed the minimum bid capacity at delivery point at 5 MW and the bids are through e-procurement mode.
Prudent exercise
The traders and industry feel that the State is prudent and preparing itself to face summer months of April-May in advance.
S Chandrasekhar, Managing Director of Bhoruka Power Corporation Limited, said, “Currently, on capacity basis, there is no shortage except for outages in Raichur thermal power station due to repair and maintenance and Udupi power plant due to coal shortage.”
He added, “At present, all the power generating reservoirs are full. The energy department is exploring surplus power available and it is an exercise to book inter-State power passage corridors in advance.”
S Sampathraman, President of Federation of the Karnataka Chamber of Commerce and Industries, said, “Karnataka has been experiencing around 20 per cent power shortage annually for the last 2 to 3 years and they have been bridging it regularly by buying power from external sources. But this exercise is to prepare for the dry season, which has been on since 3 to 4 years,” he added.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Founder of CDR Hospitals passes awayFounder of CDR Hospitals passes away
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 5:  
C. Dayakar Reddy, founder of Andhra Pradesh’s first corporate super-specialty hospital, CDR Hospitals, has passed away on Saturday.
His untimely death due to brain haemorrhage at the age of 60 years has shocked the healthcare fraternity and the multitude of people whose lives he touched. He is survived by his wife, three children and two grandchildren.
After graduating from Kakatiya Medical College in 1976, Dayakar Reddy started Gaganmahal Nursing Home when he was just 26 and later went on to establish CDR Hospitals. It was one of the country's first major chains of diagnostic and tertiary healthcare centres.
He served as the Chairman of CDR Healthcare Ltd for over 15 years. Among various initiatives in the healthcare sector, he launched a programme for road accident victims.
Dayakar is stated to hold a patent for a low cost-telemedicine technology. Over the past decade he focussed on developing new business models in healthcare and empowering the healthcare consumer.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Online platform to help organise hackathonsOnline platform to help organise hackathons
K V Kurmanath
Shutterstock.com/wk1003mike
Hyderabad, Oct. 4:  
With the number of app developers growing and more and more institutes organising hackathons, a group of like-minded techies have joined hands to start a hackathon platform that makes it easy for people to conduct hackathons. The platform will have an online presence at hyderabadhackers.in.
The number of hackathons has gone up significantly in the city. The success of August Fest, the maiden hackathon held at the national level, reflects the mood. The app developers, small and big, are taking up the challenges to build apps relevant for users of different mobile operating systems.
“The Metropolis is the latest example. We are organising two parallel hackathons – one with the help of the Telangana Government and the Hyderabad municipal authorities – to develop apps to improve quality of life in urban areas,” Hyderabad Software Exporters’ Association President Ramesh Loganathan told Business Line.
“Seeing interest in the app developers, the number of hackathons is growing up. But hosting a hackathon is not something very easy. The platform would save them from the hassle,” he said.
HYSEA, Startup Weekends, Angel Hack, Devthons, Uptech Idea Labs, Null Hyderabad, Hyderabad Entrepreneurship Society, Purple Talk and Telangana Academy of Skill and Knowledge (TASK) will jointly host the online platform.
The other hackathon is focussed on Internet of Things (IoT), where the organisers are providing with kits to developers to develop apps to build solutions for urban problems using sensors that are connected to the Internet. About 22 teams participated on Saturday for the Smart cities’ Devthon being held at the Engineering Staff College of India (ESCI).
“Besides offering the solutions, we would like to organise about 50 hacking and proto-typing events in the next 7-8 months,” Ramesh, who is also the Managing Director of Progress Software India, said.
Ramesh, who is actively associated with the start-up ecosystem in the city, has said that like-minded people have joined together to build the platform that makes it easy for people to organise hackathons. “The online platform will help the organisers send invites, fliers and alerts to the participants. It will also handhold them in various steps,” he said.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Out to stop the Ebola virus© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da2cf694-4970-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Applications for US jobless benefits drop to 287KUpdated: October 2, 2014 18:52 IST
Applications for US jobless benefits drop to 287K
IANS
economy, business and finance
The numbers are so low now that it seems just a matter of time before we see a run of big gains in monthly hiring figures, said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics.
The number of people seeking U.S. unemployment benefits dropped 8,000 last week to a seasonally adjusted 287,000, as the total number of beneficiaries dropped to its lowest level in more than eight years.
The four-week average of applications, a less volatile measure, fell 4,250 to 294,750, the Labor Department said Thursday. Overall, 2.3 million people are receiving jobless aid. That's the fewest since June 2006, which predates the start of the Great Recession by 18 months.
The numbers are so low now that it seems just a matter of time before we see a run of big gains in monthly hiring figures, said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics.
Applications are a proxy for layoffs. The recent decline suggests that employers are keeping their workers, likely because they expect continued economic growth and may be contemplating more hires.
The steady decline in people applying for benefits began at the end of April, after brutal winter weather temporarily caused a halt to economic growth.
The drop in applications has corresponded with stronger job gains for much of 2014.
Employers added 142,000 jobs in August, according to the Labor Department, down from an average of 212,000 in the preceding 12 months. It was the end of a six-month streak of monthly job gains in excess of 200,000. The unemployment rate fell to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent, but only because some of those out of work gave up looking. The government doesn't count people as unemployed unless they are actively searching.
Based off the four-week average for jobless claims, monthly job growth should be close 250,000, said Joshua Shapiro, chief U.S. economist at the consultancy MFR.
Economists say the government's September jobs data being released Friday will show a rebound from the August figures. Their consensus forecast is that employers added 215,000 jobs last month.
In a separate report released Wednesday, payroll processer ADP said Wednesday that private employers added 213,000 jobs in September.

Nobel-winning physicist Martin Perl dies at 87death
The Nobel Prize-winning physicist from Stanford University discovered a subatomic particle known as the tau lepton
Martin Perl, a Nobel Prize-winning physicist from Stanford University who discovered a subatomic particle known as the tau lepton, has died at age 87.
The university said the retired professor, one of two American scientists who shared the Nobel Prize for physics in 1995, died at Stanford Hospital on Tuesday.
At the time Perl discovered the tau lepton, many physicists doubted the particle that would turn out to be a heavyweight cousin of the electron existed. He eventually proved them wrong using a new kind of accelerator in which electrons and positrons course in opposite directions and collide.
“People wanted me to be cautious,” Mr. Perl recalled in a 2013 interview with Stanford staff. “We kept taking data, and the evidence kept coming in. Every month or so we would get another handful 10 to 20 of these funny events. I gave a lot of talks. There would be all sorts of objections. ... We eventually eliminated every other explanation.”
In a 1995 interview with The Associated Press, Mr. Perl acknowledged that while his research defied easy explanation, he hoped that understanding the building blocks of matter would lead to advancements in fields such as alternative energy.
“We’re trying to get to simplest ideas of matter and energy. That could lead in the end to things that would help all sorts of fields,” he said. “If you don’t do basic research, in the end you won’t have a foundation for other discoveries.”
Born in New York City to Polish-immigrant parents in 1927, Perl earned his Ph.D. at Columbia University while studying under Nobel-winning physicist Isidor Isaac Rabi. He worked at the University of Michigan until he came to Stanford in 1963 as its linear accelerator was being construction.
One of his four children, Joseph Perl, works as a software developer and researcher at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Centre. He said his father kept coming to work in the lab and to trade ideas with colleagues for years after his official retirement.
“It was the one place in the whole world to be, to do what he wanted to do,” Joseph Perl said. “He always advocated that you should look at what the crowd is doing and go in a different direction.”

Indias Forex falls by $1.41 billionUpdated: October 3, 2014 17:39 IST
India’s Forex falls by $1.41 billion
IANS
economy, business and finance
India’s reserve position with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) slipped by $6.2 million to $1.54 billion.
India’s foreign exchange reserves fell by $1.41 billion to $314.18 billion for the week ended September 26, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data showed.
The reserves had decreased by $101.3 million to $315.59 billion for the week ended September 19.
According to the RBI’s weekly statistical supplement, foreign currency assets, the biggest component of the Forex reserves, plunged by $1.39 billion at $287.39 billion in the week under review.
The foreign currency assets had decreased by $18.5 million at $288.78 billion in the previous week.
The RBI said the foreign currency assets, expressed in US dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation or depreciation of non-US currencies such as the pound sterling, euro and yen held in reserve.
India’s reserve position with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) slipped by $6.2 million to $1.54 billion.
The value of special drawing rights (SDRs) was down by $17.4 million at $4.30 billion.
The value of gold reserves was static at $20.93 billion for the week ended September 26. The value of gold reserves fallen by $240.7 million at $20.93 billion for the week ended September 5.

Premium carmakers to push standardisation to boost profitHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Premium carmakers to push standardisation to boost profit
Reuters
To bring some order into the multitude of options for buyers; offer bespoke option too
Paris, October 3:  
Premium carmakers Mercedes-Benz, Volvo and BMW are aiming to sell more standardised cars and services to boost profit margins and simplify the complex list of options for buyers — while also giving them the choice of a bespoke car if they want.
The move is partly aimed at attracting customers who might struggle with the ever-growing list of model variants, multimedia features and safety technology available in new cars, the companies said at the Paris auto show.
Volvo Cars chief executive Hakan Samuelsson said the trend to offer more choice in equipping cars was over-rated.
Samuelsson said Volvo had spent the past two years reducing the complexity of its vehicles to make life easier for buyers.
The approach to bring some order into the multitude of options for buyers is also being pursued at rival BMW.
Ian Robertson, BMW board member responsible for sales and marketing, said the new 4-series coupe was being offered with four different trims, and the i8 hybrid sports car was being offered in only three packages of options.
Standardising equipment also helped the market to gauge the second-hand value of a car.
"It helps customers with understanding what is available, that also helps with the residual values of the car and therefore the leasing rates," Robertson explained.
Standardisation is also a response to the polarisation of customer tastes in various countries.
BMW has, for example, stopped proactively offering manual transmission versions of its sports cars in markets such as the US, and tends to push four-wheel drive versions in markets such as Austria, Robertson said.Customers nonetheless have the option to order a bespoke, tailored vehicle if they want to, Robertson said.
Mercedes-Benz is also looking at ways to strike a balance between standardisation and custom building.
The growing number of model variants and the expanding range of trim, safety and multimedia options have, however, led Mercedes to simplify some of its offerings into brand packages.
Mercedes digital connectivity and some customer interactions with servicing and dealership personnel are now being bundled under the "MercedesMe" brand.
Because some clients like going through the detailed specification lists before ordering their new cars, Mercedes is making it easier for them to make decisions with the help of dedicated staff.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

Mylan surges after guidance liftOctober 3, 2014 5:38 pm
Mylan surges after guidance lift
By Mamta Badkar and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c581bf98-4b11-11e4-8a0e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apollo LogiSolutions expands through JVsUpdated: October 3, 2014 22:37 IST
Apollo LogiSolutions expands through JVs
Special Correspondent
logistics
Apollo LogiSolutions Ltd. (ALS), the logistics arm of Apollo International Ltd of the Apollo Tyres group, has initiated steps to emerge as a leading integrated logistics solutions service provider.
Promoted by Raaja Kanwar, ALS announced two major deals within a span of eight days, indicating its strategy to scale up quickly through acquisitions and joint ventures.
In the last week of September, ALS announced acquisition of controlling stake in UAE based Clarion Shipping Services LLC for an unspecified amount. This acquisition is expected to help ALS grow its global footprint in the Middle East, Africa and Southeast Asia.
“With this acquisition, ALS will get access to over 20 countries where Clarion has a strong presence, and will also extend ALS’s footprint to nearly 100 countries across the globe. As a part of this acquisition, Clarion will create an integration of all the Clarion processes with Apollo,” ALS said in a statement.
Earlier this week, the company forayed into the Inland Container Depot segment by signing a joint venture with India Glycols Ltd. The joint venture, called Kashipur Infrastructure Freight Terminal Pvt Ltd., will develop, manage and operate a freight terminal at Kashipur at a cost of Rs.90 crore. This facility is expected to be operational by April next, the company said.
This facility is aimed at better equipping the company to handle and store containerised cargo as well as to provide port service to its hinterland customers

Coal stocks at thermal plants critical: CEAelectricity production and distribution
56 coal-based power plants reported critical fuel stocks of less than seven days.
The stock position of coal at thermal power plants remains critical as more than half of the generating stations have less than a week’s fuel stock.
As per the latest data (September 29) by the Central Electricity Authority (CEA), 56 coal-based power plants reported critical fuel stocks of less than seven days.
As many as 11 power stations were left with nil stocks on the day, according to the data.
Of the 56 stations, 33 had less than four days of stockpiles. It included10 power stations run by NTPC.
NTPC plants include Indira Gandhi thermal power station in Haryana, Rihand, Singrauli, Tanda and Unchahar plants in Uttar Pradesh, Korba and Sipat (Chhattisgarh), Farakka and Durgapur (West Bengal) and Kahalgaon in Bihar.
As per the reasons given by the CEA, all the power projects of NTPC and most of the 11 stations (with nil stocks) received fewer supplies from Coal India during the period.
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal had said the coal materialisation to the power sector was 87 per cent in the first quarter of the current financial year.
According to an official, coal production at the mines of Eastern Coalfields Ltd., Bharat Coking Coal Ltd. and Central Coalfields Ltd is likely to improve only post the festive season.
Land acquisition problems, delays in getting environment and forest clearances and bottlenecks in coal transportation through railways had time and again affected fuel stocks at thermal power stations, he said.

Long-term contracts possible only after dispute ends: IEXAt centrestage is the conflict of interest between FMC, CERC
New Delhi, October 3:  
Buyers and sellers of electricity on power exchanges want longer term contracts. But such products can only come after the dispute between the Forward Markets Commission and the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission is resolved, SN Goel, Managing Director and CEO of Indian Energy Exchange (IEX), said.
“Right now the longest term product we have is the week ahead market, but buyers and sellers are more comfortable with quarterly contracts. We can come with products but the dispute between FMC and CERC in the Supreme Court needs to be resolved on who will regulate such products,” he told BusinessLine.
Transmission challenge
Goel said such long-term products will help States with surplus electricity sell to those in need of power. But even for that to happen, transmission remains the biggest challenge.
“The biggest challenge is upgrading the transmission systems. A lot of work is happening under the new Government, but things will take time,” said Goel.
He added that the full potential of power exchange markets will be realised if transmission networks in the country are strengthened to evacuate power from surplus States. Currently, only 3 per cent of the total power generated in the country is traded through exchanges. IEX has a 96 per cent market share while the other exchange is Power Exchange India Ltd.
IEX witnesses an average daily trade of about 80,000 MWh electricity. The bourse has more than 3,000 participants.
Goel added that Financial Technologies selling its stake in IEX will not impact the bourse.
“There was no manpower from them. They were just an investor,” he said.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related
FMC empowers comexes to modify contract specifications
TOPICS

Strong dollar sends oil to fresh lowsStrong dollar and excess supplies sends oil to fresh lows
By Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eaf22a96-4b0d-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shire gains on AbbVie takeover hopesShire gains on AbbVie takeover hopes
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f5493d34-4b19-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Frazzled livestock traders given a restFrazzled livestock traders given a rest
By Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/066b5e98-4b11-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi slams Cong  seeks clear mandate for Haryanas developmentModi slams Cong, seeks clear mandate for Haryana’s development
PTI
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressing his first election rally to kick off campaigning for state elections in favour of party candidates contesting assembly election of Haryana at Karnal in Haryana. - Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
Karnal (Har), Oct 4:  
Seeking a mandate to rid Haryana of Congress, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today launched a sharp attack on the party targeting it over alleged land scams and being “anti—farmer“.
“Which poor has got a plot, has anyone got...but then where have thousands of acres of land disappeared, who has taken this. Does Haryana want to settle account,” he said kicking off his party’s election campaign in Haryana for the October 15 Assembly polls.
Modi took no names but the attack comes against the backdrop of controversies surrounding the land deals of Congress President Sonia Gandhi’s son—in—law Robert Vadra which the Hooda government is believed to have helped him.
He also sought a clear mandate for the BJP in Haryana for putting the state on a growth trajectory.
Continuing his Lok Sabha plank of ousting the Congress, the Prime Minister hit out at the Congress for the state’s backwardness.
Seeking to connect with the farmers of the state, Modi in his 30—minute address, hit out at the Congress for stating that the Centre had imposed ban on Basmati rice export.
Modi said he was surprised at the lies being spread among the people of Haryana that the Centre had imposed a ban on Basmati export.
Karnal region is a famous Basmati belt in the country.
“My farmer brothers and sisters, on one thing you are being misled, naked lies are being told, you are being told that the Centre has imposed a ban on export of Basmati rice, this is 100 per cent lies. This is injustice with the farmers.
“What is the truth then, I want to tell you that in Haryana ‘mandis’, Congress government has imposed 4 per cent tax and as a result Haryana farmer who sells his Basmati is unable to compete in the competitive market,” he said.
“The anti—farmer Congress, which is in power for 10 years, is responsible because of which the Basmati producing farmer is distraught,” he said, adding that the water table is going down, and the government is unable to supply adequate power to consumers.
Modi also launched a veiled attack on main opposition INLD, asking the people whether they would like the State being governed from jail.
INLD President and former Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala has been sentenced in the teachers recruitment scam.
Chautala, who is out on bail on health grounds, had said he would take oath as the next CM from Tihar Jail
(This article was published on October 4, 2014)
Related

CLT20 2014: Suryakumar Yadav reported for illegal bowling actionKKR's off spinner Suryakumar Yadav is now the fifth bowler to be reported for an illegitimate action.  (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: October 5, 2014 12:12 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 12:39 pm
Suryakumar Yadav has been reported for a suspect illegal bowling action, becoming the fifth bowler to be called in the just concluded Champions League Twenty20 tournament.
Yadav, Kolkata Knight Riders’ part-time off-spinner, was reported during his side’s defeat in the last night’s final against Chennai Super Kings and has been placed on the ‘warning list’.
“After all video evidence of the match was taken into account, on-field umpires Rod Tucker and Kumar Dharmasena along with third umpire S. Ravi felt that there was a flex action in his elbow beyond the acceptable limit when bowling during the match,” a release stated.
Before Yadav, his team-mate Sunil Narine, Dolphins’ Prenelan Subrayen and Adnan Rasool and Mohammed Hafeez of Lahore Lions were also reported for illegal action.
Under the CLT20 Suspected Illegal Bowling Action policy, Yadav may request an Official Assessment from the BCCI Suspect Bowling Action Committee.
If a player receives a report while on the warning list, the player shall be suspended from bowling in any matches organised by the BCCI until such date as he is cleared.
A player suspended from bowling may continue to be selected to play in matches, however he will not be entitled to bowl.
On-field umpires Tucker and Dharmasena felt that there was a flex action in his elbow beyond the acceptable limit

ISIS document disclose plans to seize Iran s nuclear secretsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

NASA to put astronauts in deep sleep for Mars missionNASA to put astronauts in deep sleep for Mars mission?
PTI
Tweet
Toronto, Oct 5:  
A NASA—backed study is exploring the feasibility of lowering the cost of a human expedition to Mars by putting the astronauts in deep sleep.
The deep sleep, called torpor, would reduce astronauts’ metabolic functions with existing medical procedures.
“Therapeutic torpor has been around in theory since the 1980s and really since 2003 has been a staple for critical care trauma patients in hospitals,” said aerospace engineer Mark Schaffer, with SpaceWorks Enterprises in Atlanta, earlier this week at the International Astronomical Congress here.
So far, the duration of a patient’s time in torpor state has been limited to about one week.
Coupled with intravenous feeding, a crew could be put in hibernation for the transit time to Mars, which under the best—case scenario would take 180 days one—way, ‘Discovery News’ reported.
“We haven’t had the need to keep someone in (therapeutic torpor) for longer than seven days. For human Mars missions, we need to push that to 90 days, 180 days,” Schaffer said.
This will allow crews to live inside smaller ships with fewer amenities like galleys, exercise gear, water, food and clothing.
The SpaceWorks study, funded by NASA, shows a five—fold reduction in the amount of pressurised volume need for a hibernating crew and a three—fold reduction in the total amount of mass required, including consumables like food and water.
The study looked at a two—part system for putting Mars—bound astronauts in stasis and bringing them out.
The cooling would be done through an internasal system, which Schaffer admitted is “not very comfortable,” but inhaling a coolant has several advantages over reducing body temperatures with external cooling pads.
Cooled from the outside, the body is more susceptible to shivering and possible tissue damage, Schaffer notes.
Simply stopping the flow of coolant will bring a person out of stasis, though the study included rewarming pads as a backup and to speed up the waking process in case of an emergency.
An alternative to having the whole crew in stasis is to have one person awake for two to three days, then hibernate for 14 days.
By staggering the shifts, no one person would be in stasis for more than 14 days at a time and one crew member would be awake to monitor the ship, conduct science experiments and handle maintenance chores.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Maria Sharapova holds off Petra Kvitova to win China Open  Novak Djokovic tames Tomas Berdychharapova hit 18 winners compared to Kvitova's 25 but committed 15 less unforced errors than her opponent's 44 to prevail in the three-setter. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Beijing | Posted: October 5, 2014 7:45 pm
World number one Novak Djokovic destroyed Tomas Berdych in a lop-sided contest to win his fifth China Open crown on Sunday while Maria Sharapova overcame Petra Kvitova 6-4 2-6 6-3 in the women’s final to move up to number two in the world rankings.
Top seed Djokovic took 66 minutes to seal a 6-0 6-2 win against Berdych, who raised his arms in celebration when he won a game to avoid the ignominy of a double bagel with the Serb leading 6-0 5-0 and serving for the match.
Berdych managed to win back-to-back games, but it was just a matter of time before Djokovic sealed an easy win to continue his love affair with the Beijing tournament where he now has a 24-0 record.
Earlier in the women’s final, Wimbledon champion Kvitova broke her opponent in the very first game but Sharapova showed greater intensity towards the end to prevail in a contest that lasted two hours and 28 minutes.
French Open champion Sharapova broke her Czech opponent twice to claim the first set, but Kvitova unleashed 15 winners in the second to force a decider.
Sharapova, having dropped her first set in the tournament, raised her game in the third, racing to a 3-0 lead but could not capitalise on her first match point at 5-2 with an inside out forehand into the net.
She eventually served out the match and raised her hands in celebration after Kvitova buried a return into the net.
“It was a bit of an up-and-down match I’d say — maybe not the best out of the tournament,” Sharapova told reporters.
“But it’s never easy playing against Petra. You don’t always quite get a good rhythm. She goes for a lot of shots, very deep, and she’s a very good, confident player.
“She became the more aggressive player in the second set. I think I took a few too many steps back and let her play that way. But I was able to lift my game again in the third and come out with a win,” she added.
Sharapova hit 18 winners compared to Kvitova’s 25 but committed 15 less unforced errors than her opponent’s 44 to prevail in the three-setter.
Kvitova, who won in Wuhan last week, conceded she had succumbed to fatigue towards the end of the contest.
“I was tired, but it was a final, and every time I’m playing a final, I’m giving everything I have inside,” the Czech said.
“What I did today was a great battle. It was small things and small points that make the difference in the end. I had some chances but Maria just didn’t let them go.
“She just played really well. And we played two and a continued…
I was tired, but it was a final, and every time I'm playing a final, I'm giving everything I have inside

India  US working on choking support to D-CompanyPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 7:44 pm
India and the US are working further on their declaration on how to choke all financial and tactical support to underworld don and terror mastermind Dawood Ibrahim’s D-Company.
National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Doval, who stayed back in the US from Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s delegation, was tasked to discuss a strategy to be adopted to implement the Indo-US commitment.
A joint statement, issued after the talks between Modi and US President Barack Obama, said, “The leaders stressed the need for joint and concerted efforts, including the dismantling of safe havens for terrorist and criminal networks, to disrupt all financial and tactical support for networks such as Al Qaeda, Lashkar-e Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, the D-Company, and the Haqqanis.
Doval was also entrusted to talk about US government- approved snooping on various countries including India, a top government official said.
Significantly, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had raised the issue with his American counterpart John Kerry during his visit here on July 31, saying that snooping on India was “not acceptable”.
The government official, who termed Modi’s visit as “extremely successful and a game changer”, also said that India’s decision to grant Visa on Arrival to American citizens which was announced by Modi there was not on “strict reciprocity”.
“The decision (to grant VoA) is taken for our own interest. It is to enhance tourism, inflows of visitors. This is not something we are looking for strict reciprocity. We are looking at it in pure self interest,” the official said.
The official also talked about the United States’ Global Entry Program available to Indian citizens which will enable their easy entry into America.

Trinamool Congress denies involvement in Burdwan blastPress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: October 5, 2014 7:21 pm
Trinamool Congress on Sunday denied any connection between the party and those involved in explosion in Burdwan district in which terror group links have been alleged. The party said that CPI(M) and BJP were making irresponsible comments to create unrest in ‘peaceful’ West Bengal.
“Both the CPI(M) and BJP are trying to create unrest in the state at a time when the Durga Puja festival has just ended and Eid celebrations are set to begin,” TMC national general secretary Mukul Roy informed reporters.
Reacting to Left Front Chairman Biman Bose’s allegation of nexus between TMC and the suspected militants in the explosion at Khagragarh in Burdwan district, Roy said, “while Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee is keeping close contacts throughout the state Bimanbabu and BJP are trying to create unrest in peaceful Bengal through their irresponsible comments.”
The BJP has also accused the Mamata Banerjee government of turning West Bengal into a safe haven for anti-national and Jihadi activities, reacting to the October 2 blast in which 2 persons were killed.
BJP secretary Siddharth Nath Singh on Sunday alleged in Delhi that the state government was destroying the evidence of the incident.
Roy said, “The way the CPI(M) and BJP are making wild allegations and irresponsible comments, it seems they are purposefully trying to create unrest in Bengal in tandem.”
“TMC does not have to learn patriotism from either BJP or the CPI(M),” he said.
Asked about the allegations that those involved in the blast had contacts with local TMC leadership, Roy said “investigation is on, only after it is completed it will be known what happened and who are involved.”
Roy appealed to the people to maintain peace and order in the face of “such wild allegations.”

Over the Counter Drug Market Expected to Reach $6.6 Billion by 2016Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

China bullish after launching first aircraf...Beijing
(Since commissioning Liaoning,…)
WASHINGTON: Since commissioning its first aircraft carrier, China's navy has conducted more exercises farther away from its shores and flexing its muscle by closely patrolling areas in disputed waters where Chinese companies are drilling for oil, a top US Air Force commander has said.
Air Force General Herbert "Hawk" Carlisle, the head of US Pacific Air Forces , said China's naval and air forces in particular are "very much continuing to push" and becoming more active in international waters and airspace in Asia.
"They still talk about the century of humiliation in the last century. They still talk about this as the rise of China," Carlisle was quoted as saying by a newspaper.
"They still talk about this as their great nation. And they want to continue to demonstrate that," he said.
Carlisle said US and Chinese forces are frequently encountering each other in parts of the East China and South China seas where they rarely came into contact in the past.
Since commissioning Liaoning, its first aircraft carrier in 2012, China's navy has conducted more exercises farther away from its shores and is closely patrolling areas in disputed waters where Chinese companies are drilling for oil.
Those movements have prompted the US military in turn to deploy its ships and reconnaissance aircraft to keep a close watch.
"All of that makes their tension go up a little bit," he said.
One such encounter got out of hand in August, when a Chinese J-11 fighter jet flashed past a Navy Poseidon P-8 patrol aircraft , and bringing its wingtip within 20 feet of the US plane.
The incident occurred during a tense period in the South China Sea, where Beijing's territorial claims over several resource-rich shoals overlap with those of neighbouring nations like Vietnam and the Philippines.
In May, China placed an oil rig in waters claimed by Vietnam, which set off a round of anti-Chinese protests and deadly riots in Vietnam. China removed the rig later.
Carlisle was more measured in his assessment, saying that there has always been "an ebb and flow" in the number of Chinese intercepts and that he did not think China's military leadership was looking to provoke a conflict.
"I personally don't think it needs to get too much hype," said Carlisle, who will leave his post in the Pacific this month to take a new assignment as chief of the Air Force's Air Combat Command at Joint Base Langley-Eustis in Virginia.
But he acknowledged that "the opportunity for something to go wrong" will likely increase as China's military gathers strength and moves farther afield.
To prevent such incidents, the Pentagon has tried to enhance communications channels and expand formal ties with the People's Liberation Army in recent years. Although US officials said progress has been made, they said that they did not expect to solve the issue overnight.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Occupy protesters brace for police action in Hong Kong‘Occupy’ protesters brace for police action in Hong Kong
By Demetri Sevastopulo and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26dbe6c4-4c4d-11e4-90c1-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EPL 2014: Chelsea beat Arsenal 2-0 to extend league leadReuters Chelsea's Diego Costa (R) celebrates with teammate John Obi Mikel after scoring a goal against Arsenal during their English Premier League soccer match at Stamford Bridge in London on October 5, 2014.
TOPICS
soccer
Wenger’s debacle against Mourinho continues; United gets past Everton
Chelsea went five points clear at the top of the Premier League after a 2-0 win at home to Arsenal in a fiery all-London clash on Sunday.
Eden Hazard gave Chelsea a 27th-minute lead with a coolly-taken penalty after he had been brought down in the box by Gunners defender Laurent Koscielny.
Diego Costa’s ninth goal in seven Premier League games after an excellent lofted through-ball from former Arsenal favourite Cesc Fabregas sealed Chelsea’s victory 12 minutes from time.
Delayed start
Kick-off at Stamford Bridge was delayed by 15 minutes as officials slowed the entry of Arsenal fans into the away end after a flare was set off.
There was a flare-up of a different kind when Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger clashed with Jose Mourinho on the touchline, the Frenchman pushing his Portuguese counterpart to one side before the feuding bosses were separated.
Chelsea then saw goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois leave the field with suspected concussion following a collision with Arsenal’s Alexis Sanchez.
Victory saw Chelsea go five points clear of second-placed reigning champions Manchester City and meant Wenger was still left searching for his first win against a Blues side managed by Mourinho in what was his 12th attempt.
This defeat, Arsenal’s first in the Premier League this season, left the Gunners nine points off top spot. It also extended its miserable away record at its English title rival, with the Gunners now having won six points from 21 league matches at the home grounds of top five clubs.
Falcao nets winner
At Old Trafford, Manchester United had goalkeeper David De Gea to thank as it beat Everton 2-1 and move into the top four for the first time this season.
Radamel Falcao scored the winner just after the hour mark but De Gea, who had already saved a penalty, made two stunning late stops to clinch victory.
“Again we were waiting for the signal of the referee to end the game,” said Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal.
Angel Di Maria put United in front on 27 minutes but Everton had the chance to equalise when Tony Hibbert was brought down in the penalty area by Luke Shaw but De Gea saved Leighton Baines’ spot-kick low to his right.
Everton did find a deserved equaliser when Baines’ cross was headed home by Steven Naismith but Falcao restored United’s lead with his first Premier League goal from close range after Di Maria had mis-hit his shot.
Everton languishing
Everton remains just one place above the bottom three but manager Roberto Martinez said he was convinced it would sort itself out sooner rather than later.
“We’ve played four of the top six this season but we’re getting sharper and stronger. We have the international break now and we need to come back and start getting wins.”
Tottenham moved up to sixth thanks to a 1-0 win over Southampton, with Christian Eriksen scoring the only goal five minutes before half-time.
Meanwhile on Saturday, Yaya Toure and Sergio Aguero scored late goals as Manchester City climbed to second place with a hard-earned 2-0 victory at Aston Villa.
Villa offered dogged resistance, but Toure broke the deadlock with a characteristically languid strike in the 82nd minute and Aguero lashed home a second six minutes later.
The results: Chelsea 2 (Hazard 27-pen, Costa 78) bt Arsenal 0; Manchester United 2 (Di Maria, Falcao 62) bt Everton 1 (Naismith 55); Tottenham 1 (Erikssen 40) bt Southampton 0. Saturday: Aston Villa 0 lost to Manchester City 2 (Toure 82, Aguero 88).

CM Tarun Gogoi kicks off  Clean Assam CampaignOct 05, 2014 at 08:16pm IST
CM Tarun Gogoi kicks off 'Clean Assam Campaign'
0
Guwahati: Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Sunday formally launched 'Clean Assam Campaign'.
As part of the campaign, Gogoi visited the Latashil puja ground and broomed the compound along with the office bearers of the puja committee.
After launching the campaign, Gogoi tweeted "Formally kicked off the Clean Assam Campaign in Guwahati city. It evoked a good response."
As part of the Clean Assam campaign, Gogoi visited the Latashil puja ground and broomed the compound along with the office bearers.
#clean assam campaign #assam #tarun gogoi
"Our government had started the Clean Guwahati Campaign in February 2012," he said.
Appealing to the public to join hands, he said, "Cleanliness is next to Godliness. When I was a school student, we participated in cleanliness drive at Harijan Colony, Jorhat, every Saturday. Let us all join hands together to make Assam clean and green. Together we can make it happen."
3

CDC Holds News Conference on Ebola Patient in TexasSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
Live Report: UVA Fraternities Suspended
@11am: Secretary Kerry Remarks on Iran Nuclear...
EXPLORE.org - Puppy Litter Camera
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Sunday games discussion threadBy Keith McMillan October 5
Cowboys running back DeMarco Murray, left, fights off a tackle attempt by the Saints’ Junior Galette last Sunday. (Brandon Wade/Associated Press)
It’s the rare Sunday when Washington has no game, although it’s the second in a row. Like last week, there’s an opportunity to watch other teams. If you’ve focused your energies on the NFC East opponents, that picture looks vastly different after last week.
Going in, Philadelphia was unbeaten but Washington was right there with them, Dallas had to get out of a 21-0 hole just to beat St. Louis, and New York was still getting it together. Afterward, the Giants looked dominant, and both the Cowboys and Eagles were 3-1.
Oddly, there’s actually some disagreement as to who the team to beat is:
After an inconsistent start to the season for most of the NFC East, the Post Sports Live crew debates whether the Cowboys, Eagles or Giants are the class of the division. (Post Sports Live/The Washington Post)
All three teams play non-division games at home at 1 p.m.: Dallas hosts Houston, Philadelphia plays St. Louis and New York faces Atlanta.
Here’s a link to the NFL scoreboard , which updates live once games are underway. Discuss away below.

Patna stampede: Bihar BJP seeks President s interventionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tata  IIM-Calcutta announce social enterprise challengeTata, IIM-Calcutta announce ‘social enterprise challenge’
Our Bureau
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, October 5:  
The Tata group has announced the Tata Social Enterprise Challenge 2014-15, a joint initiative with the Indian Institute of Management Calcutta (IIM-C).
This is a quest for India’s most promising early-stage social enterprises, a spokesman for the organisers said. The event is being supported by some of the biggest venture capitalists in the social entrepreneurship space, the spokesman added.
The aim is to create an ecosystem for social entrepreneurship and encourage sustainable, scalable and measurable social impact. Teams who either have an early-stage venture (not older than three years) or a promising idea may submit their business plans online at www.tatasechallenge.org.
The challenge also invites the general public to nominate, through the initiative’s website, social enterprises they know who fit the eligibility criteria, said Atul Agrawal, Vice-President, Corporate Affairs, Tata Services.
Entries are invited in the areas of agriculture; food and dairy; healthcare; water and sanitation; technology and development; education and skills development; housing; handicrafts; energy; and microfinance/financial inclusion.
They will be judged on three parameters - business model, social impact and sustainability. The last day to submit them online is November 15, 2014.
Ashok Banerjee, Dean (New Initiatives and External Relations), IIM Calcutta, said that the most promising social ventures would have the opportunity of availing incubation facility at IIM-Calcutta.
(This article was published on October 5, 2014)
Related

Rare Footage Of 1924 World Series  Walk-Off Finale Discoveredreddit
Finally, proof that baseball passion existed in D.C. long before the arrival of "Natitude."
The Library of Congress recently discovered rare footage of the 1924 World Series played between the Washington Senators and the New York Giants. The well-preserved newsreel footage includes highlights from the Senators' extra-inning, walk-off win over the Giants in the decisive seventh game of the '24 series. Fans at Griffith Stadium can be seen rushing the field after Earl McNeeley drove in Muddy Ruel for the Senators' winning run in the 12th inning. The incredible find also includes a glimpse of legendary pitcher Walter Johnson during his legendary four-inning relief appearance.
As noted by Dan Steinberg at DC Sports Bog , the backstory and condition of the Nitrate film after 90 years is incredible. The timing of the find is also quite amazing as it came just before the Washington Nationals and San Francisco Giants began play in a 2014 National League Division Series.
"Like any right-minded individual, I rejoiced in the return of baseball to the Nation’s Capital in 2005 and have certainly reveled in the Washington Nationals’ fabulous 2014 season," wrote Mike Mashon, head of the Library of Congress Moving Image Section, in a blog post about the discovery . "Exciting as it has been (the post All-Star Game surge, Jordan Zimmermann’s no-hitter on the last day of the season, the eager anticipation of post-season glory) I never imagined that a perfectly timed film find–the only footage yet discovered of the Washington Senators’ 1924 World Series victory–would be the icing on an already delicious cake."
The '24 Senators were the last D.C. team to win the World Series but the '14 Nationals are the choice of many experts to pull it off this year.
H/T DC Sports Bog
More:

Gold: mine  all mine© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/2c8de1e2-4a42-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Leonardo Da Vinci Masterpiece Didn t Always Look Like Thisreddit
Leonardo da Vinci may have been a genius, but that doesn't mean he never second-guessed himself.
In a new book , optical engineer Pascal Cotte explains how a new imaging technology known as the layer amplification method (LAM) helped show that Leonardo painted two previous versions of his "Lady with an Ermine" masterpiece before settling on the version that we know today. One version of the 15th Century artwork didn't even include the ermine at all.
"We've discovered that Leonardo is always changing his mind ," Cotte, CTO of the Lumiere Technology company in Paris, told BBC News. "This is someone who hesitates -- he erases things, he adds things, he changes his mind again and again... The LAM technique gives us the capability to peel the painting like an onion, removing the surface to see what's happening inside and behind the different layers of paint."
The three phases of Leonardo da Vinci's "Lady with an Ermine" painting. Leonardo first painted the portrait without the ermine, and later added in two different versions of the animal. Credit: © Pascal Cotte
The LAM technique involves using the reflection of light to reveal images in different layers of paint, according to a statement from the company.
"It tells us a lot more about the way Leonardo's mind worked when he was doing a painting," Martin Kemp, emeritus professor of the history of art at the University of Oxford, told BBC News. "We know that he fiddled around a good deal at the beginning, but now we know that he kept fiddling around all the time and it helps explain why he had so much difficulty finishing paintings."
As for the woman depicted in the painting, experts have long believed it to be Cecilia Gallerani , who was the mistress of Ludovico Sforza, the Duke of Milan. According to the Wall Street Journal, just before this portrait was painted, Sforza was awarded the insignia of the Order of the Ermine by the King of Naples, becoming known as "l'Ermellino." Scholars believe the ermine symbolizes the Duke, or serves as a visual pun on Cecilia's surname (ermine in Greek is galay.)
Cotte's book, " Lumiere on the Lady with an Ermine ," was published on Sept. 1 and is available on Amazon.
Also on HuffPost:

Power generation in Gujarat unaffected due to coal shortage: PatelPower generation in Gujarat unaffected due to coal shortage: Patel
Press Trust of India | Vadodara Oct 05, 2014 04:34 PM IST
Power generation in Gujarat is not affected due to coal shortage and the state is meeting demand of its various consumers without imposing any restrictions, Energy Minister Saurabhbhai Patel said today.
Power generation at coal-based thermal stations located at Wanakbori (with 1,470 mw installed capacity), Gandhinagar (870 mw capacity), Ukai (850 mw)and Sikka (240 mw) is not affected and all of them have been generating power as usual," Patel told PTI over the phone.
The total power generation in Gujarat stands at around 12,830 mw as of now that includes power generated by the Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Limited (GSECL), state government owned IPPs (independent power producers), other power producers and central sector power projects, he said.
It also includes 202 mw of wind power generation and 566 mw of solar power generation in the state, he said.
On October 1, the GSECL and National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) signed a memorandum of understanding to swap 1 million tonne of coal, Patel said.
At present, GSCEL receives its domestic supply from the Coal India (CIL) mines in Bilaspur of Chhattisgarh, whereas NTPC imports coal for its power plants located in Chhattisgarh from Gujarat-based ports.
The ministry of power has permitted NTPC to swap the coal it receives through Gujarat for its thermal plant in Chhattisgarh with the fuel available at Bilaspur mines.
In turn, Gujarat will utilise the imported coal for its power plants, Patel said.
"Owing to its proximity with the sea, Gujarat can save freight cost for sourcing coal from domestic mines, which runs higher than the cost of procurement, and consume imported coal for its thermal plants. Such swapping of coal will lead to savings of Rs 378 crore per million tonne," he said.
"As power generation increases in the country, import of coal is also set to increase. In such a case, states which are closer to ports should use more imported coal than those that are away from ports," he said.

Metahelix plans seed processing plant in ChhattisgarhMetahelix plans processing plant in Chhattisgarh
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Oct 05, 2014 08:43 PM IST
Agricultural biotechnology company Metahelix Life Sciences Limited, a fully-owned subsidiary of Tata enterprise Rallis India Limited, is planning to set up a hybrid maize and rice seed processing and packaging unit in Chhattisgarh by the end of this financial year, said chief operating officer SP Rao.
“We are also evaluating the possibility of setting up a processing plant in Indonesia in a year or two from now, to start with, and subsequently establish similar units in countries like Bangladesh, Nepal, Pakistan, Vietnam, the Philippines and Qatar, to which we are already exporting our field and vegetable hybrid seeds,” he told mediapersons here on Sunday.
At present, Metahelix has one processing unit in Hyderabad, the hub of the Indian seed industry, with a capacity to process and pack 300 tonne of seeds a month. The company has its biotech R&D lab in Bangalore, besides 24 trial locations and five research stations across the country. Metahelix currently supplies 30,000 tonne of field and vegetable seeds a year.
The company today launched its hybrid maize seed – MM 2100 – in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. Metahelix, which has so far commercialised 18 hybrid maize seed varieties, claims that MM 2100, which was sampled with more than 1,000 farmers across the two states, was targeted at the current rabi season.
“When cultivated at spacing of nine inches between plants and 18 inches in rows, MM 2100 could accommodate 35,000 to 40,000 plants per acre, giving an yield of 40-45 quintal,” Rao said.
Stating that maize was being cultivated in about 3.71 million hectare (ha) in India with a production of 22.23 million tonne a year, Rao said Andhra Pradesh and Telangana were contributing over 20 per cent to this with 5.3 tonne production per ha, as against the national average of 2.5 tonne per ha.
“The seed industry in India is pegged at Rs 12,000 crore, and is growing at 12 per cent year-on-year. Growth in maize hectarage and increasing usage of hybrid rice and vegetable seed varieties are triggering this growth,” he said.

The drive and energy of PM ModiThe drive and energy of PM Modi
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 05, 2014
First Published: 17:51 IST(5/10/2014) | Last Updated: 17:57 IST(5/10/2014)
Comments
It was visible during the election campaign, when he used to address half a dozen rallies and head back home to Gandhinagar only to hold late night review meetings and start once again in the wee hours of the morning. But it has become even starker as Prime Minister Narendra Modi has settled down to govern New Delhi.
You agree or disagree with him – but there is one indisputable fact. India has not seen a PM with Modi’s energy level for a long time. And for a man who just turned 64, his work ethic will put leaders decades younger to him to shame.
On Saturday, Modi hit the poll trail – campaigning for BJP in Maharashtra and Haryana. He will do so for the next ten days. But look at his schedule over the last week or so.
Modi launched the Make in India campaign on September 26th – addressing top businessmen. The same afternoon, he headed to the US.
On the 27th morning, he paid homage of the 9/11 victims, took a quick round of UN and met Secretary General Ban ki Moon, addressed the General Assembly, immediately headed back for meetings with Sri Lankan president, Bangladesh PM, and Nepal PM, met a few elected American officials, and distinguished Indians, and then addressed a 60,000 strong crowd at Central Park.
Each day was as packed and Modi had to put on different avatars – being a public orator at the Madison Square Garden; laying out his policy vision at the Council for Foreign Relations, being the celebrity meeting each guest at dinners organized in his honor; engaging with US industry to convince them that he means business; and helping bring back the bilateral relationship with US on an even keel in Washington. Even President Barack Obama, a US administration official later said, was impressed with Modi's energy and wondered about the secret behind it.
Modi arrived in Delhi late on October 1, and the next day, early in the morning, he was out paying homage to Mahatma Gandhi. He made a surprise visit to a police station to check its cleanliness, picked a broom, and launched the Swachh Bharat campaign. On Friday, Modi hit the radio with his maiden address to the nation. And besides these public engagements, he was holding meetings with his officials, overseeing the basic tasks of governance, and clearing files.
Some perspective however is important here. Manmohan Singh too was hard-working by all accounts. And he was almost two decades older.
But where Modi is different is the sheer physical stamina. Remember, he was on fast, surviving on warm water. And he was on a long distance flight, which makes even veterans air travelers reel from jet lag.
BJP MP from Ahmedabad, Paresh Rawal, has narrated how he had once asked Modi after his return from Brazil, ‘Saheb, jet lag?” Modi had responded, “Kis baat ka jetlag? Kaam hai, sochoge to jetlag aayega.” This echoes what bureaucrats who have worked with him suggest. “He is on permanent campaign mode. The man is a machine,” one Gandhinagar official told HT. 
What is a medical explanation for this kind of stamina? "Our PM as far as we know is a healthy man who is known to follow a disciplined lifestyle that includes practicing yoga," said a senior doctor from the department of medicine at New Delhi's Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital. Another senior doctor at All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) agrees, "As long as he is into yoga and meditation, he will be able to sail through the stress that comes as part of his profession. Apart from that he will have to be regular with his preventive check-ups."
In a TV interview, Modi was asked how he relaxed, and he said, “I am not the ‘not working’ type. I derive pleasure from my work. Work gives me relaxation too.”

Jindal Group Eyes UK s London Mining: ReportThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Burdwan blast: 2 women held  BJP says Bengal a safe haven for jihadisComments
Two women were arrested and remanded to police custody for two weeks on Sunday in connection with the explosion at Khagragarh that left two suspected militants dead.
SMH Mirza, superintendent of police (SP) said the two women — Rajira Bibi alias Rumi hailing from Karimpur in Nadia and Ameena Bibi hailing from Lalbagh in Murshidabad — were arrested on Sunday morning.
Burdwan blast: phones with 'jihadi' videos found
Rumi is the widow of suspected militant Shakil Ahmed, who was killed in the explosion in a house at Khagragarh on October 2, while Ameena Bibi is the wife of Abdul Hakim, who was critically injured in the blast. They were later produced before a local court which sent them to police custody, Mirza said. The CID of West Bengal police is looking into possible involvement of terror outfits like Lashkar-e-Taiba and Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami in the blast.
It is suspected that the victims of the explosion were associated with a militant outfit as a large number of watch dials, SIM cards, and other tools required to make improvised explosive devices were recovered, police said.
Meanwhile, Hakim’s family members expressed said it was not unexpected for him as they had suspected foul play since last few years.
“At first, he used to visit house on a regular basis. Since the last two years, he had only visited his house only once,” recalled Muntaj Ali, a local villager. “He had changed a lot…his attitude was not at all normal or as before. For which we prefer not to keep touch with him,” he added.

Poor Marie AntoinetteBy Ron Charles October 5 Follow @roncharles
Kimberly Gilbert (center) as Marie Antoinette. (Courtesy of the Woolly Mammoth Theatre)
After work on Friday, I wandered over to the Woolly Mammoth  and bought a front-seat ticket to “ Marie Antoinette ” for $15 — practically peasant prices!
The blindingly garish opening scene, complete with paparazzi flashes, suggests a Sofia Coppola treatment, but David Adjmi’s play soon grows much darker.
Still, it’s a surprisingly staid production for the Woolly Mammoth. Even the poster in front of the theatre feels more transgressive than anything on stage in director Yury Urnov’s production. New York Magazine claims the play is “disturbing, revisionist,” which is true if you haven’t seen any treatments of the doomed queen since 1793. Otherwise, it’s another royalist rehearsal of the story of a young woman trapped in a violent political clash that she can’t understand or escape.
Like all modern retellings of Marie Antoinette, the play, which closes Oct. 12, not only depicts her self-centeredness but participates in it by making her the central object of our pity. Her humiliation and execution — movingly acted in this production by Kimberly Gilbert — pull on our sympathies. The starvation of countless people outside Versailles, well, yes, that’s sad, but let them eat cake. The important thing is to keep our eyes on Marie, our aspirational heroine. The decline and death of a member of the 1 percent — C’est moi, si seulement! — is the story we must mourn again and again because that’s what’s truly tragic.
I’ve read three novels about Marie Antoinette in the past decade (assez!). Sena Jeter Naslund’s “ Abundance ” gives a full and dramatic sweep of her life, but it’s a bit slow in parts. Francine du Plessix Gray’s “ The Queen’s Lover ” focuses engagingly on her Swedish lover, Axel von Fersen. My favorite, though, is Chantal Thomas’s svelte “Farewell, My Queen,” translated by Moishe Black, which won France’s Prix Femina. By concentrating on the last few days in Versailles, Thomas gives an unnerving sense of the surreal world in which Marie lived — and died.
We’ve been told that history is written by the victors. But not always.
Ron Charles is the editor of The Washington Post's Book World. For a dozen years, he enjoyed teaching American literature and critical theory in the Midwest, but finally switched to journalism when he realized that if he graded one more paper, he'd go crazy.

Occupy protesters brace for police action in Hong Kong‘Occupy’ protesters brace for police action in Hong Kong
By Demetri Sevastopulo and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26dbe6c4-4c4d-11e4-90c1-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MEPs kick back against commission choicesEuropean parliament kicks back against commission’s nominees
By Alex Barker and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d26e92e-4c65-11e4-a0d7-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fresh US air strikes in Syria  IraqFresh US air strikes in Syria, Iraq
AFP
print
The US military unleashed a wave of air strikes against Islamic State jihadists in Syria and Iraq this weekend, destroying tanks, armored vehicles and mortar teams, a statement said on Sunday.
US fighter aircraft carried out three air strikes in Syria on Saturday, while fighter jets, bombers and helicopters were used in six assaults against IS positions in Iraq on Sunday, US Central Command said in a statement.
An airstrike in Syria northwest of Al Mayadin destroyed a bulldozer, two tanks and another vehicle.
Twin strikes northwest of the IS group's Raqa stronghold pounded an IS unit and destroyed six firing positions, the statement said.
In Iraq, four strikes northeast of Fallujah hit two mortar teams, a large IS unit and two smaller units. Three Humvees were destroyed in two more attacks near Hit and Sinjar, the statement said.
The strikes come after a global wave of revulsion triggered by the IS group's beheading of British aid worker Alan Henning, made public in a video that emerged on Friday.
The US launched air strikes in Iraq in August before widening the campaign to include targets in Syria last month.

Hong Kong democracy protesters start to pull back
TS GENCO  BHEL sign MoU to establish thermal power plants
On macd indicators   nhpc is a sureshot buy call with the blue line ab...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Why do you misguide people saying that stock market updates freeit is...Platinum Member
82 Followers
why do you misguide people saying that stock market updates free?It is a paid service and you are telling free..shame on your part to come on mmb again and again though most of the people are marking ur posting offensive.
10.33 PM Oct 5th

Opec members discord adds to slide in oil priceshttp://t.in.com/cLze
An end to Tehran’s economic isolation could trigger the opening up of its oil industry to foreign investment, a move that would bring more crude onto an already flooded market.
Iran is currently producing around 3m bpd of crude but it is thought with access to Western technology this figure could be easily doubled. Combined with Iraq, which aims to eventually increase production capacity to as much as 9m bpd by the end of the decade, both countries could challenge the current dominant position of Saudi Arabia and the Arab Gulf states within Opec.
Fracking has helped the US achieve its highest oil production levels since 1986 over the last two months at a rate of 8.5m bpd. The threat of a full lifting of the ban on exports has also helped the US to drive down the price and potentially cripple the Russian economy. Moscow is largely dependent on crude sales for foreign currency earnings and oil trading at around $80 per barrel for a period of months could bring the country to its knees.

As per my under standing the joint venture is between panasonic corpor...Silver Member
3 Followers
As per my under standing,The joint venture is between Panasonic corporation and Minda industries. They are planing to set up the plant in Uttarkhand.So the joint venture may boost up the  sentiment of investors of Panasonic Carbon, but it is not a  direct participant in this joint venture.I am not aware the possible  internal trade understanding, because Panasonic Carbon is also a  Indian subsidery of Japan Panasonic Corporation.

Obama needs a gangsta to uphold the lawObama needs a gangsta to lay down the law
By Gary Silverman
The president can reward his supporters with the brand of justice they craved
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f288a120-4970-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK Property: storm clouds© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/a72d6fea-4ae1-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The centre is once more up for grabsOctober 3, 2014 4:36 pm
The centre ground is once more for the taking
By Janan Ganesh
Britain’s political arrangements as currently constituted cannot be long for this world
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9df77a68-4971-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gone Girl and the gender warsOctober 3, 2014 4:47 pm
‘Gone Girl’, Hollywood and the gender war
By Tom Shone
A look at the shifting nature of marriage in the movies, as ‘Gone Girl’ reignites the battle of the sexes
©20th Century Fox
Rosamund Pike and Ben Affleck in ‘Gone Girl’
The sex war was supposed to be over. Even the phrase itself seems to summon a bygone era in which men and women squared off over the vacuum cleaner, arms crossed like fuming Norman Rockwell figures.
Feminism had won the moral, political and cultural arguments, leaving only the law to catch up. On campuses across America, young people of both sexes sport T-shirts reading, “This is what a feminist looks like.” It has become culturally ubiquitous, a pop cultural cliché, and while first-generation feminists may turn up their noses at the sight of Beyoncé dancing in front of a giant, lit-up “Feminist” banner at the MTV Video Music Awards, such ubiquity is a sign of how far their arguments have become part of the mainstream.
And then came Gone Girl. Gillian Flynn’s book became a feminist flashpoint as well as a bestseller when it was published in 2012; and this week it arrives in cinemas trailing its own sulphur cloud, thanks to an adaptation by David Fincher, Hollywood’s reigning prince of darkness. The film stars Ben Affleck as Nick Dunne, who loses his job as a magazine writer in New York and has to move back to his home town in Missouri, only to become the number one suspect in a murder investigation when his wife Amy, played by Rosamund Pike, goes missing. Taking its cue from the grisly domestic murder trials that have held US cable viewers goggle-eyed – Scott Peterson, Casey Anthony and, of course, OJ Simpson – the story unfolds in a glare of flashbulbs, TV lights and smartphone image grabs, as two-bit pop psychologists and body language experts deduce innocence or guilt from a passing smirk.
More
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part I – film review
As played by the burly, shifty-looking Affleck in jackets just a shade too tight for him, Nick is one of those guys who is most insincere when telling the truth and picks up suspicion like a stone gathers moss – a media whipping boy par excellence. That’s the film’s hook: how easy it is to frame someone in the court of public opinion. But after its premiere at the New York Film Festival last week, Affleck noted that it also seemed to act like a gender Rorschach test. “Most women journalists are like, ‘What’s it like playing a jerk.’ Most of the men just go, ‘Yeah.’ ”
But that is only half the story. To describe the half that has kicked up controversy is not just to risk spoilers but to embrace them with open arms. The movie’s many twists and turns eventually reveal a sociopathic villainess who is the architect of Nick’s downfall and whose modus operandi, when not framing innocent lunkheads for murder, is fabricating charges of rape. This is what landed Flynn in the crosshairs of feminist critics who have charged the author with peddling “misogynist caricatures”, and “a deep animosity towards women”.
Flynn, who also wrote the screenplay, has defended herself, writing on her website: “I’ve grown quite weary of the spunky heroines, brave rape victims, soul-searching fashionistas that stock so many books. I particularly mourn the lack of female villains – good, potent female villains . . . The point is, women have spent so many years girl-powering ourselves – to the point of almost parodic encouragement – we’ve left no room to acknowledge our dark side.”
There is a subversive argument being advanced about marriage in the film – that it’s not an institution that can tame women any longer
Depending on your point of view, Hollywood’s timing could not be worse, or better – the movie arrives in the middle of an ongoing conversation about sexual assault in the US military and on college campuses, where what millennials quaintly refer to as “rape culture” has prompted petitions demanding the cancellation of a Robin Thicke concert because the lyrics of his song “Blurred Lines” celebrate “systemic patriarchy and sexual oppression”. The song has already been banned at more than 20 British universities. At Wellesley College, in Massachusetts, activists recently demanded that administrators remove a statue of a naked sleepwalking man that they said could “trigger” memories of sexual assault for victims.
“To bring up a conversation about rape sets off everybody’s discomfort buttons,” says Rebecca Traister, author of Big Girls Don’t Cry: The Election That Changed Everything for American Women (2011). “Rape is one of those crimes that generally includes only two witnesses, which makes it very fertile for imaginative fiction, especially interpersonal drama. It’s like two-person Rashomon – the ultimate he-said, she-said. To see the monster we all have within us, to show our little sexual monsters, is uncomfortable. We can have our brand new feminist ideas about workplace economics, equality, about reproductive rights, and so on, we can have all those ideas, but still have this voice within us telling us these really old ideas about how sex works between men and women. I’m not condemning the book, I read it right to the end. But it becomes far less liberating when you understand that they are trading on very, very old ideas about the power that women have to sexually, emotionally manipulate men. When you boil women down to only that, it’s troubling.”
At the same time, says Traister, “Gone Girl explodes marriage – precisely, the one kind of marriage that is still idealised, between white, urban, sophisticated people that meet in mid-life. That is the picture of marriage that is sold to us, the one we all must desire. And that is the one it vandalises. So there is a subversive argument being advanced about marriage in the film – that it’s not an institution that can tame women any longer.”
Not for nothing is one of the clues to the murder mystery a pair of Punch and Judy puppets. “We’re so cute that I want to punch us in the face,” says Amy of their picture-perfect marriage, and punch them in the face is precisely what the movie proceeds to do, as this gilded New York couple are both laid off from their jobs, forced to sell their brownstone and to move back to Nick’s native Missouri, a ghost town of shuttered streets where the cracks in their relationship start to spread.
“Marrying has always been a story that, in order for it to be of any interest, you have to destroy it,” says Jeanine Basinger, author of I Do and I Don’t: A History of Marriage in the Movies. “You have to create a conflict so that the two people make war on one another or have some kind of crisis together or fall out of love or whatever. That’s the whole thing about marriage. Nobody gets what anyone else’s is really about. It’s a secret relationship, really. ”
. . .
©Allstar
Michael Douglas and Glenn Close in ‘Fatal Attraction’
In some ways the Gone Girl debate resembles the arguments over Adrian Lyne’s Fatal Attraction, released in 1987, just as the Aids epidemic had rendered sex dangerous again, and one year after Newsweek’s controversial cover story, “The Marriage Crunch”, claimed that women over 40 were statistically more likely to be killed by a terrorist than to marry. Alex Forrest, the single career woman played by Glenn Close in the movie, is 36. Aggressive and predatory, with a high-powered job going shoulder pad to shoulder pad with men, Alex was originally conceived by screenwriter James Dearden as “an essentially tragic, lonely figure, worthy of our sympathy”.
It was only after test screenings – a relatively new concept at the time – that a different ending was added, in which Alex is blown away, to audience whoops and hollers, by Michael Douglas’s warmly maternal wife, played by Anne Archer. As Susan Faludi wrote of the film in Backlash: The Undeclared War Against American Women (1991): “Women’s lives were framed as morality tales in which the ‘good mother’ wins and the independent woman gets punished.” Viewed today, however, Alex is the only three-dimensional figure in the film and, that ending aside, she remains one of Close’s juiciest roles. Traister says: “I remember seeing [the film] as an adult and sort of thinking Alex had a point. It tells us a lot about our shifting ideas about marriage. I do think that [now] it would be much harder to get sympathy for the Michael Douglas character, and deny it Glenn Close, than it was when it was released.”
The same is true of many of the classic femmes fatales – Barbara Stanwyck in Double Indemnity (1944), Rita Hayworth in Gilda (1946) and The Lady From Shan­ghai (1947) – all of whom have benefited from revisionist readings in which they are viewed, sympathetically, as women trapped in loveless marriages and unable to extricate or support themselves except by utilising the one tool they had at their disposal at the time, their sexuality. “He wouldn’t give me a divorce,” says Phyllis, Stanwyck’s spiderwoman at the centre of the web in Double Indemnity. “And I wanted a home.”
In these films, the femmes fatales are duly punished, as they must be according to the Hays Code morality of the era. But what the audience actually sees is a powerful woman calling the shots as men dash themselves at her feet, like waves at the base of a lighthouse. According to Basinger, “What you see in the old days, in a way, is the woman being in control. What is interesting is that as the culture shifts these images shift. What does it mean to have femme fatale characters in a time when it’s no longer necessary for a women to be fatal, so to speak, in order to accomplish her goals? So, today, we have Scarlett Johansson in Lucy, or Jennifer Lawrence in The Hunger Games, taking up physical action and shooting men with bows and arrows. Are they femmes fatales? Women characters have become these powerful, destructive superheroes. It will be interesting to see how people respond to Gone Girl. Are they going to see this as a social document, as gender politics or are we going to see this as a cracking murder mystery? I know what the film-makers are hoping.”
. . .
©United Archives/Alamy
Kathleen Turner and Michael Douglas in ‘The War of the Roses’
Interestingly, in its transition to the screen, Flynn’s book has picked up elements of black comedy. The audience at the New York Film Festival last week hooted and cackled over what played like a kind of horror movie about modern marriage, which Fincher anatomises with the cool clinicism he once brought to the trail of corpses in his serial killer dramas, Se7en (1995) and Zodiac (2007). In Fatal Attraction, it’s just Glenn Close who gets blown away. In Gone Girl, it’s the institution of marriage itself. In this sense, maybe it owes more to War of the Roses (1989) than to Fatal Attraction, if we are to have our pick of Michael Douglas films. And, beyond that, the films of Neil LaBute and Mike Nichols, whose Carnal Knowledge (1971) and Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf? (1966) took advantage of relaxed censorship in the 1960s and 1970s and turned their flayed honesty into its own marquee draw: see the fur fly in the battle between the sexes.
Marrying has always been a story that, in order for it to be of any interest, you have to destroy it
Now, that same battle is recommenced, but for a generation that is marrying much later than their parents and bringing to marriage a whole raft of expectations that are the direct result of their extended holiday on the premarital dating circuit. These illusions are nourished by Hollywood romcoms that thrill to the chase but stop just short of the altar. Who can keep up that level of charm?
Amy’s speech in which she unpicks her “cool girl” façade has already spawned much internet commentary. “Men always say that as the defining compliment, don’t they? ‘She’s a cool girl’. Being the Cool Girl means I am a hot, brilliant, funny woman who adores football, poker, dirty jokes, and burping, who plays video games, drinks cheap beer, loves threesomes and anal sex, and jams hot dogs and hamburgers into her mouth like she’s hosting the world’s biggest culinary gang bang while somehow maintaining a size 2, because Cool Girls are above all hot. Hot and understanding.” That’s where Gone Girl stands to connect most forcefully with audiences – as the romcom’s evil, dark twin, telling the truth about what happens after a couple says, “I do.”
Tom Shone’s ‘Scorsese: A Retrospective’ is published this month (Thames Hudson)
Photographs: 20th Century Fox; United Archives/Alamy; Allstar
This article has been amended since publication. It originally stated that Wellesley College is in Connecticut; in fact it is in Massachusetts.
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Why art galleries are moving back into domestic settingsOctober 3, 2014 3:10 pm
Why art galleries are moving back into domestic settings
By Edwin Heathcote
Private homes and residential environments are increasingly being used to exhibit art in a more intimate, engaging way
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ca6715dc-44ac-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goldman to gaucho: City trader who set up polo club in ArgentinaExpat lives – Bulgarian IT worker in London
“The idea was to spend a large chunk of our marriage in the UK and a large chunk in Argentina. We were building towards it and my bosses were aware too. But we probably started our life plan in 2002 when we bought the land.” Thanks to a combination of Baker’s age and the number of years’ service at Goldman, he was able to retire with his full deferred compensation.
“I did OK at Goldman, plus London house prices were beneficial, so financially I had the opportunity not everyone gets. I would’ve hated myself if I hadn’t done it.”
Puesto Viejo literally means “old post” and was formerly stables and living quarters for workers on the edge of a larger, 5,000-hectare estancia. It is situated about an hour from Buenos Aires, and 25 minutes from the international airport.
“It’s in the middle of nowhere and you can see the wonderful openness of the Argentine pampas all around you,” says Baker. Also near the airport is his two daughters’ bilingual school.
Both girls were born in the UK and left for Argentina aged seven and four. “It was one of the reasons to do it, because I do value being bilingual. They study half the day in a foreign language, in English – so rather than just having studied it for an hour or two a day, they have really lived it.”
Another reason to move, of course, was the weather. “It’s a sunny, temperate climate – like an English summer’s day, but extremely often. Polo was cancelled a lot more in the UK than it is here,” he says.
Baker and his wife took up the game of polo in the UK in 1998, and building an estancia and polo club were always part of the plan.
It’s a sunny climate. Polo was cancelled a lot more in the UK than it is here
In addition to the four polo pitches they have installed at Puesto Viejo, there has also been 70,000 sq ft of construction: for the polo club and stables, accommodation for grooms and employees, plus the 10-bedroom hotel and the Bakers’ own house.
All this has been built around the site’s original, 100-year-old building, while retaining its design, including the original colours (“the paint was first made using milk and cow or sheep blood,” says Baker). Baker’s wife designed the hotel and the interiors were sourced from local antique markets, which gives the hotel a Spanish and French feel.
“There is a lot of Lilliana in Puesto Viejo,” says Baker. “Her paintings are on the walls and she chose all the furniture. The estancia concept is about inviting people into your home, like a bed and breakfast, and we eat with our guests a lot of the time.”
The hotel officially opened in 2012. Running a business in Argentina, after 25 years in finance in the UK, has been challenging. “The UK works,” says Baker. “It’s surprising how much you notice [after you leave]. Buenos Aires is a world-class city with some great restaurants and museums, but it also has developing-world issues [and] business wise, it’s hard to get things done.
“Thankfully, my wife’s Argentine so we can see our way through that better than most expatriates, but the bureaucracy is difficult.”
Among his biggest frustrations have been the complex local taxation and labour laws, “and understanding not only the laws but how those laws apply”. At the same time, it’s been insightful, especially when compared with his days as a macroeconomics trader. “Worrying about getting replacement blades for a grass-cutting machine is very different from, say, whether the US government is going to go off a fiscal cliff . Sometimes I have to tell myself that, although it may seem minor, it’s important to us – to my life and the financial viability of Puesto Viejo.”
Baker adds: “I now understand what businesses actually struggle with. I see what regulation does to the entrepreneur, to employment, and how inflation affects salaries. We feel how disposable income affects our guests – whether we have many, or few.”
Managing 30 people is also new territory, especially when the only thing Baker managed before was his own book. “It’s also been challenging working with my wife,” laughs Baker. “We haven’t yet worked out who’s boss.”
The Bakers initially hired foreign staff, but have since taken on local employees, which has tested Baker’s Spanish. “I studied it for 15 years before we moved, so I had a good base. But I didn’t realise how much more I needed. I can now read a newspaper, and watch a film in Spanish. And I dream in Spanish, so I think I’m getting there.”
Even so, it’s important that Puesto Viejo has an international feel, as clients include both local polo players and those coming from abroad on polo holidays. Baker is now also offering lots for sale on the property.
“We have Tarmac right up to the front door and all around the estancia,” says Baker. “I laid it myself. It was expensive but we did it.”
-------------------------------------------
What you can buy for . . .
$100,000 A one-bedroom apartment in the Palermo or Belgrano barrios of Buenos Aires
$1m A three-bedroom apartment in Puerto Madero
$2m A high-end apartment in Recoleta, usually with river or park views
Baker’s verdict . . .
Spanish bilingual schools for the children
A sunny, temperate climate with few hot days, and short, mild winters
The best polo in the world
Cons
Frustrating bureaucracy
Best asado (Argentine barbecue)
La Parrilla in Cañuelas. A petrol station that offers great asado, making it a popular hang-out for polo players
Best stay The 5th Floor, a B&B in Buenos Aires. The owner offers great advice on where to go in the city
Best day out Watching a match from the Puesto Viejo clubhouse balcony on finals day, with a beer and an asado sandwich
Ming Liu is a journalist for the FT’s How To Spend It magazine
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Contemporary buildings have reinvigorated the historic city of OxfordOctober 3, 2014 12:59 pm
Oxford’s new architecture
Contemporary buildings have reinvigorated – rather than ruined – this historic city
©Will Pryce
View of the Radcliffe Observatory from inside the new Mathematical Institute
We ate our breakfasts at a table on the High Street, while there thundered past us the desperate traffic maelstrom that is the usual morning condition of Oxford. As I sat there rather despondent, I chanced to notice, between passing vehicles, the entrance to Catte Street on the other side of the High. Just for a moment I glimpsed over there, as in a vision, the Oxford dream of tradition, made manifest in stately golden stone, domed, spired, pinnacled and rectangled in timeless calm and assurance. It was, I thought just for that moment, the true presence of my dear old alma mater.
Of course it wasn’t. In an instant the illusion was shattered, by the screaming siren of an ambulance and the passing of another few hundred cars, and I was obliged to recognise again an Oxford university truth: that this most complex and fascinating of institutions has almost always been in a state of flux, if not of conflict. Over the centuries there has inevitably been friction between the influential concourse of colleges that is the university, and the old provincial town that was always its host, and is now a jam-packed industrial and commercial city.
More
Postcard from . . . Essex
Some of the symptoms are architectural. The more the town has developed, the more tightly new university buildings have had to be socketed into their settings. In aerial photographs, the historic centre of the place may look a perfect unity, all of a genial piece, all like Catte Street, but the true architectural composition of Universitas Oxoniensis is a balance between two structural kinds, the Monumental and the Intricate, intermittently circumscribed nowadays by the ring road that is Oxford’s true 21st-century rampart.
On the one hand, down the centuries academe has flung up one brazen declaration of consequence after another, from fortress-like medieval gatehouses to Keble College’s grand High Anglican red-brick (1868) or St Catherine’s doctrinal modernism (1964), where even the cutlery was designed to pattern. But, on the other hand, the university’s colleges have more lately specialised in neat, unobtrusive buildings fitted into their ancient surroundings like pieces in a jigsaw.
Sooner or later, I suspect, sheer shortage of space will mean that Oxford, town and gown alike, will have to build upwards – already there are complaints about threats to the legendary skyline. For the moment, though, prime examples of both traditional kinds, grand or unassuming, are still taking shape; so after one last coffee, seizing a moment when a stutter in the traffic gave me an escape, I set off in a hazy sort of way to cheer myself up with some contemporary specimens.
To identify some, I had already tried looking up Oxford University in the Yellow Pages directory, which was the only one I could find. It offered references to the university’s air squadron, boat club, parks, press, naval unit and football club, but no central inquiry or switchboard number at all. However, I thought this happily apposite to my random quest, and I presently found for myself two striking examples of those contrasting architectural forms – award-winning specimens, as one must report in the new orthodoxy, of Oxford Monumental and Oxford Intricate.
. . .
©Will Pryce
Exterior of the Mathematical Institute
The first was not obvious. The 17th-century Wadham College backs on to a narrow medieval backstreet called Holywell, and there it has owned, more or less forever, a little row of modest shops and houses. Among them is a single fairly unobtrusive but unmistakably contemporary façade, neatly inserted there but not exactly welcoming, so I made the trek around to the main gate of the college to discover what it was.
Wadham is famous for its beautiful gardens and its several separate quadrangles, and I would guess that not many sightseers look for its nooks and crannies. But ah yes, they said at once at the lodge, that will be our new Graduate Study Centre, and it turned out to be a perfectly delightful example of contemporary Oxford Intricate. Tucked tactfully away in a corner of an inner quadrangle, it is a small oblong block of coarse pale stone, with a lift tower, and it is attended at first-floor level by an enchanting small garden – a secretive jumbled bower of flowering plants that suggested to me, bemused as I was, partly the Hanging Gardens of Babylon and partly the High Line park in Manhattan. I felt rurally, possibly narcotically, alone. While I loitered there, a solitary undergraduate sauntered by with an armful of books, on his way to some more profoundly embedded quarters, but there was no more than a hum of distant traffic, which I pretended to myself was only bees. The little building modestly and justly basked, I thought, in its award from the Royal Institute of British Architects, announced earlier this year.
. . .
Across the historic centre, I found another, very different, RIBA prizewinner. The development area commonly known as the Radcliffe Observatory Quarter (ROQ) is a vast building site occupying demolished outworks of the Radcliffe Infirmary, itself now removed to the country. It is more or less centred upon the tower of the quondam university observatory, now part of Green Templeton College and still in fine form.
©Lee Fitzgerald
The McCall MacBain Graduate Study Centre at Wadham College
What better setting could there be, thought I, for a flourish of Oxford Monumental? Most of ROQ is still empty, except for builders’ paraphernalia. I am assured, though, that a master plan foresees a formidable assembly of disparate university buildings, and when I walked into it out of the wistful old infirmary quadrangle, I found myself confronted by the first of them: a magnificent new Mathematics Institute, meticulously rational in proportion and glass panelling.
Its glazed central atrium is flanked by two taller wings, chequered with rectangular scores of identical window-inlets, and it is big without pomp, consequential without extravagance. Everything about it, indeed, expresses calculation – mathematical symbols pave the entrance, and one interior canopy displays the geometrical theorem known to some of us as Pascal’s Mystic Hexagram. It is built to house 500 researchers and 900 undergraduates, and it marks, they say, a new chapter in the history of mathematics at Oxford.
But to my mind what gives the building its best claim to Oxford Monumentalism is the way in which it osmotically incorporates the nearby presence of that grand old observatory tower across the ROQ. Some people think this the most beautiful building in all Oxford, and it is a truly iconic 18th-century Tower of the Winds, with a copper-sheathed globe on top. The combination and the contrast between the two neighbouring structures, a relationship ageless, peaceful yet intellectually inspiring, seemed to me just like that Catte Street vision of mine.
So I was reassured. It took us 40 minutes to drive out of Oxford next morning, so incessant, impenetrable and often implacable were the queues of vehicles coming and going up the High, but I no longer felt despondent. Those award-winners had shown me, I thought, that the heart of the university still beat comfortingly. “After all, the dream’s still there,” said I sententiously to my companion.
“The dream?” she retorted as we narrowly avoided extermination by double-decker bus, “What dream?” But she was never a member of this university, and she does not understand.
-------------------------------------------
Details
Jan Morris was a guest of the Old Bank ( oldbank-hotel.co.uk ), a 42-room Georgian hotel on Oxford’s High Street. Double rooms cost from £180 including breakfast
Jan Morris’s latest book, ‘Ciao Carpaccio!’ is published by Pallas Athene. She is also the author of ‘Oxford’ (Faber) and editor of ‘The Oxford book of Oxford’ (Oxford University Press)
Photographs: Will Pryce; Lee Fitzgerald
-------------------------------------------
More academic architecture to seek out
Universities have become big business, and in order to attract the best students, learning is no longer enough, writes Edwin Heathcote.
©Dennis Gilbert
O’Donnell & Tuomey’s Saw Swee Hock student centre for the London School of Economics
These days, universities need the facilities of five-star hotels and the cultural and social capital of global cities. Architecture is increasingly being made to work: it is no longer enough to commission dull dorms and generic quads; “starchitects” are being commissioned to help universities become global brands, in the same way cultural institutions use architecture to put themselves on the map.
But though the trend may be accelerating, it would be a mistake to think there is anything new in seeing university architecture as marketing. You can trace architectural taste through the buildings on campus. Mies van der Rohe’s minimalist campus at the Illinois Institute of Technology and Alvar Aalto’s huge brick Baker House at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology were perfect snapshots of the austere postwar era: functional, self-effacing and cool. The more recent additions to those campuses were something radically different – bold, theatrical, self-aware. Rem Koolhaas’s McCormick Tribune Campus Center at IIT and Frank Gehry’s Stata Center at MIT remake architecture as billboard, as trailer for the excitement inside.
Architecture also provides a useful indicator of status in academia – the more prestigious the architect, the more favoured the subject matter. At the moment, business schools and biotechnology lead the way. David Chipperfield’s HEC campus in Paris is coolly impressive, while Irish firm Grafton Architects’ Bocconi University in Milan is a visceral example of a new concrete brutalism. Cambridge’s cool Sainsbury labs, meanwhile, won architects Stanton Williams the Stirling Prize in 2012. Up for this year’s prize is one of central London’s most striking new landmarks, O’Donnell & Tuomey’s Saw Swee Hock student centre for the London School of Economics, a fragmented, operatic collision of brick planes that lifts the familiar, banal student union into a league with major cultural buildings.
Like cultural blockbusters, many of these structures are essentially public buildings. They are open, welcoming and a part of the public realm. You’re free to have a coffee and a wander, while enjoying the kind of architecture that otherwise often demands a huge fee. With universities becoming more expensive and more fiercely competitive, their architecture has increasingly been opened up to demonstrate to the world why you should want to be there. While the privileged quads of the oldest colleges inspired nervous apprehension that perhaps one didn’t belong, this is architecture for all.
Edwin Heathcote is the FT’s architecture critic
Photograph: Dennis Gilbert
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Peter Piot: Ebolas foe© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da2cf694-4970-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The war on Isis defies logicThe war on Isis defies logic
By Gideon Rachman
The west’s air campaign is unlikely to improve the situation in the Middle East
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0c98991c-48c2-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India aims No.1 spot in ICC ODI rankingsUpdated: October 5, 2014 23:12 IST
Chance for India to become sole No. 1 team
PTI
The Hindu India have a chance to become the sole number one team, a position currently shared with South Africa, in the ICC ODI rankings if the hosts blank West Indies 5-0. File photo
TOPICS
One-day cricket
India have a chance to become the sole number one team, a position currently shared with South Africa, in the ICC ODI rankings if the hosts blank West Indies 5-0 in the series starting October 8 in Kochi.
If India wins all five matches of the series, they will rise to 116 ratings point and grab sole position on top of the table, the ICC said in a statement.
A 4-1 win for India and 3-0 win for Australia against Pakistan in the UAE will put both the sides on 114 ratings points, but Mahendra Singh Dhoni’s side will retain the number-one position by a fraction of a point.
In the individual rankings, third-ranked Virat Kohli will be aiming to reclaim the number-one spot in the ODI batsmen’s list when he takes the field against the West Indies.
Kohli surged to the top of the table earlier this year but slipped after missing the series against Bangladesh. He now trails number-one ranked AB de Villiers by 24 ratings points.
Captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni (sixth) and opener Shikhar Dhawan (seventh) are the other India batsman featuring inside the top 10.
For the West Indies, Darren Bravo (37th) is the high-ranked batsman, while Lendl Simmons is in 40th position.
Both will be looking to gain ground on their nearest competitors when the action gets underway.
In the ICC Players Rankings for ODI Bowlers, Ravindra Jadeja is India’s top ranked bowler in fifth spot, 13 points shy of England’s James Anderson. In Sunil Narine’s absence, 18th placed Kemar Roach is the West Indies top ranked bowler and he will be keen to progress up the leader board.
Jadeja also has a chance to climb the rankings for all-rounders as he currently sits in third place, five points off Sri Lanka’s Mathews.

http://usat.ly/1oIxe11Why Warren Buffett hates gold
It is "neither of much use nor procreative" according to Buffett.
Post to Facebook
Why Warren Buffett hates gold It is "neither of much use nor procreative" according to Buffett. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1urdbXZ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
93
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Why Warren Buffett hates gold
Matt DiLallo, The Motley Fool 8:18 a.m. EDT September 21, 2014
In this February 2010 photo provided by Donn Pearlman, the gold remains of a wooden cargo box unearthed from the SS Central America is shown at a coin collection expo in Long Beach, Calif.
(Photo: uncredited AP)
1157 CONNECT 242 TWEET 237 LINKEDIN 93 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Warren Buffett didn't become one of the greatest investors of our generation by investing in gold. In fact, he pretty much hates the shiny metal. Just take a look at part of a speech Buffett gave at Harvard in 1998 when he said of gold:
"(It) gets dug out of the ground in Africa or someplace. Then we melt it down, dig another hole, bury it again and pay people to stand around guarding it. It has no utility. Anyone watching from Mars would be scratching their head."
Buffett just doesn't get what all the fuss is about when it comes to gold. The way he sees it, the value of gold is nothing more than our stubborn willingness to protect its value.
However, that's not the worst part of gold in Buffett's view. His biggest issue is the fact that gold is just so worthless. Not in the value someone is willing to pay for an ounce of it, but in its ability to create wealth. In Buffett's opinion, gold is lazy and has no place in an investor's portfolio.
Lazy, good-for-nothing ...
Buffett hammered on gold in his 2011 shareholder letter calling it an "unproductive asset." He said that assets like gold "will never produce anything, but are purchased in the buyer's hope that someone else will pay more for them in the future." He went on to say that the owners of assets like gold "are not inspired by what the asset itself can produce -- it will remain lifeless forever -- but by the belief that others will desire it even more avidly in the future."
The problem with gold is that it has two major insurmountable shortcomings. It is "neither of much use nor procreative" according to Buffett. While he does allow for the caveat that gold has some small industrial and decorative use, the demand for either purpose is insufficient to use up all of the gold we are digging out of the ground just to hide it away again is a bank vault. However, his bigger issue with gold is that it can't be used to produce anything of value. Its value rises and falls based on what someone else is willing to pay for it, not based on its ability to generate income for its owner.
Productivity builds wealth, not gold
Buffett ends his diatribe on gold in that letter by contrasting it to the productive assets he prefers:
Today the world's gold stock is about 170,000 metric tons. If all of this gold were melded together, it would form a cube of about 68 feet per side. (Picture it fitting comfortably within a baseball infield.) At $1,127 per ounce,  its value would be about $9.6 trillion. Call this cube pile A.
Let's now create a pile B costing an equal amount. For that, we could buy all U.S. cropland (400 million acres with output of about $200 billion annually), plus 16 ExxonMobil's (the world's most profitable company, one earning more than $40 billion annually). After these purchases, we would have about $1 trillion left over for walking-around money (no sense feeling strapped after this buying binge). Can you imagine an investor with $9.6 trillion selecting pile A over pile B?
And yet, investors still do choose gold over these productive assets all the time. Assets that will be producing corn and cotton and oil and gas for longer than any of our lifespans. Meanwhile, the gold will be unmoved and still incapable of producing anything. To wit Buffett said, "You can fondle the cube, but it will not respond."
Don't be fooled by gold
There's a real good reason why Warren Buffett hates gold. One who buys gold is hoping for the greater fool to buy it from them for a higher price at some future date. But that's not investing -- it's gambling.
Instead, Buffett seeks to surround himself with assets that are constantly producing value. Income that flows through the business is reinvested in new lines of business that go on to produce more income. It's a never-ending cycle where new wealth is created each and every year. It takes advantage of the wonders of compounding income and leaves behind the folly of being allured by a lazy, good-for-nothing, shiny object.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives.  Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
&amp;amp;lt;SCRIPT language='JavaScript1.1'SRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/adj/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/SCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;AHREF="http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;IMGSRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?" BORDER=0 WIDTH=550 HEIGHT=300ALT="Advertisement"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/A&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;
1157 CONNECT 242 TWEET 237 LINKEDIN 93 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1urdbXZ
USA NOW
Ex-NBC employee claims Bill Cosby paid women off
Nov 24, 2014

First Person: I breed insects for eating© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94235130-4901-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Inventory: Michael Palin© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/43c6ce06-4901-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jharkhand Congress MLA arrested in Delhi for allegedly floating ultra outfitOct 05, 2014 at 05:44pm IST
Jharkhand Congress MLA arrested in Delhi for allegedly floating ultra outfit
31
0
Ranchi: Former Jharkhand minister and Congress MLA Yogendra Sao was on Sunday arrested in Delhi following warrants against him in connection with allegedly floating an ultra outfit.
A team of Jharkhand Crime Investigation Department arrested Sao after obtaining warrants from a Hazaribagh court on September 14.
Inspector General of Police Anurag Gupta said, Yogendra Sao was arrested by the CID team in the national capital and would be produced before a magistrate in Delhi with a request to take him in transit remand.
A team of Jharkhand Crime Investigation Department arrested Sao after obtaining warrants from a Hazaribagh court on September 14.
The former minister had on September 12 resigned from the Hemant Soren government after the head of the "Jharkhand Tiger" Raj Kumar Gupta accused Sao of floating the outfit.
Two days later Sub-divisional Judicial Magistrate Akhilesh issued the warrants.
In his statement recorded under section 164 before a judicial magistrate recently, the arrested 'ultra' accused Sao of floating JT.
5

Heres a fun and cheap trend straight from the fashion runways you can try right nowFashion
October 5, 2014
Statement socks for men— also known as “brosiery” —have proven to be a lucrative and growing area for the apparel business, with ex-presidents, startup bros, and bankers  all showing off their colorfully-dressed mankles. It’s an inexpensive and easy way to spruce up an outfit, and there’s no reason ladies shouldn’t get in on the fun.
Spring 2015 women’s ready-to-wear shows , which j ust wrapped up , showed socks that were by turns sexy, sporty, and downright batty. (Leather?) Models wore them with heels and sandals, which could be a great way of keeping your toes warm without committing to fall footwear too soon.
Here were some of the socks that graced the runways. These won’t be available until early next year—if the designers produce them at all—but they offer myriad inspiration you can take to your favorite hosiery department or Sock Man  right now.
Sevillana at Dolce and Gabbana

Nita Ambani unveils Hero ISL trophyUpdated: October 6, 2014 17:54 IST
Nita Ambani unveils Hero ISL trophy
IANS
PTI Nita Ambani, Chairperson of IMG-Reliance & founding Chairperson of Football Sports Development during the unveiling of the ISL trophy in Mumbai on Sunday.
VIDEO
soccer
The 26 inches tall trophy has the logo on the top band with the ISL assigned colours and the handles are ornately carved and embellished with 24k gold gilt.
Nita Ambani, founder and chairperson of Football Sports Development on Sunday unveiled the pride of Hero Indian Super League (ISL) trophy in Mumbai amidst glitz and glamour.
Joining her at the momentous occasion were world football legends and icon players of eight ISL clubs — Fredrik Ljungberg (Mumbai City FC), Alessandro Del Piero (Delhi Dynamos FC), Joan Capdevila (NorthEast United FC), David Trezeguet (FC Pune City), Robert Pires (FC Goa), Mikael Silvestre (Chennaiyin FC), Luis Garcia (Atletico de Kolkata) and David James (Kerala Blasters FC).
“It’s a momentous day for all of us today as I stand along with the world’s football legends to unveil the pride of Indian Super League. As these role models have inspired hundreds of thousands of players worldwide, I am sure the ISL trophy will also stand as a symbol of aspiration for many youngsters in an emergent India,” said Ms. Nita.
“The Indian Super League trophy is detailed to perfection by Indian artisans who were trained in London, thus exemplifying the genius of Indian artistry and world-class craftsmanship. Its ‘made in India’ design embodies our love and passion for this beautiful game and it equally represents our ‘made for world’ aspirations,” she added.
Sanjay Gupta, chief operating officer, Star India, said, “The ISL is a marquee football tournament wherein accomplished footballers, who have excelled on the international stage along with best-of-the-best of Indian football, will get to compete for the ultimate honour and it is only befitting that they compete for one of the most exquisite trophies ever crafted. With Hero Indian Super League well placed to fuel the birth of a football nation, I am confident that this will become one of the most coveted trophies in Indian football in the years ahead.”
Designed by Frazer And Haws, the trophy stands 26 inches tall. The logo on the top band has the ISL colours assigned to it and the handles are ornately carved and embellished with 24k gold gilt to imbue a sense of pride when held up.

CBI requests HC for hearing OP Chautala s bail on MondayOct 05, 2014 at  08:15pm IST
CBI requests HC for hearing OP Chautala's bail on Monday
8
0
New Delhi: CBI has requested the Delhi High Court for an urgent hearing on its plea seeking immediate cancellation of bail to former Haryana Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala over alleged violation of conditions.
CBI sources said the plea, had made a special mention for an urgent hearing for cancellation of bail to Chautala, who was granted the relief on medical grounds in May this year. The former Chief Minister had been participating in election rallies in Haryana which goes to polls on October 15.
The 79-year-old Indian National Lok Dal chief was convicted and sentenced to 10 years in jail in a teachers' recruitment scam case last year and was granted bail to undergo medical treatment.
CBI has requested the Delhi High Court for an urgent hearing on its plea seeking immediate cancellation of bail to Om Prakash Chautala.
#op chautala #high court #cbi #lok dal
Following repeated violations of bail conditions, which were brought to the notice of court by CBI, Chautala had volunteered on September 26 that he would surrender after which he was directed to surrender on October 17.
The CBI requested the High Court for an early hearing and in view of holidays in the court, the matter is likely to be listed before a vacation bench, the sources said.
Four-time Haryana chief minister Chautala volunteered to surrender as the court was about to order the constitution of a medical board of AIIMS doctors to consider the necessity of keeping Chautala hospitalised.
CBI has informed the court that Chautala addressed a rally at Jind in Haryana on September 25, the sources said.
In its petition, CBI has prayed for immediate cancellation of bail of Chautala and sought his return to jail.
3

McKinseys manicures are a tacky way to nail recruitsMcKinsey’s manicures are a tacky way to nail recruits
By Lucy Kellaway
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fd7e4fb4-4a63-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Private sector QE can work in the euro areaAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Radamel Falcao  David De Gea save Manchester United from fallFalaco missed four chances but finally scored a poacher's goal as United claimed a deserved win. (Source: Reuters)
Associated Press | Manchester | Posted: October 5, 2014 8:47 pm | Updated: October 5, 2014 8:51 pm
Radamel Falcao scored his first goal for Manchester United in a 2-1 win over Everton on Sunday as the Red Devils won consecutive Premier League games for the first time under manager Louis Van Gaal.
Angel Di Maria opened the scoring for the hosts before United `keeper David de Gea saved a penalty from Leighton Baines.
The England international then picked out Steven Naismith, who put the teams level in the 55th minute.
Falcao, who joined United on loan from Monaco during the summer, sealed his team’s win seven minutes later, slotting home past Tim Howard after di Maria’s shot landed in the Colombian’s path.
“Everton got chances outside the box and they had good shots, but David De Gea was fantastic,” Van Gaal said. “Falcao was forcing himself last week against West Ham. I told him to be satisfied about his performances and that the goals are coming. The goals are coming. He will be even better after the international break.”
De Gea made a stunning save in stoppage time to tip over the bar Bryan Oviedo’s left-foot shot from 20 meters.
Falaco missed four chances but finally scored a poacher’s goal as United, which played without the suspended Wayne Rooney, claimed a deserved win after dominating from the start at Old Trafford.
Di Maria put the hosts in front with a curled effort past Howard from Juan Mata’s cross for his third goal of the season before Naismith got the better of Luke Shaw and headed home.
De Gea was decisive throughout, denying Leon Osman and Oviedo after stopping Baines’ penalty kick.
“What was my most important save? Maybe the penalty,” De Gea said. “Every save is important but the team played very well. I think the younger players in the team will learn from these types of games. The team and the manager need to look forward.”
Baines had scored 14 penalties from 14 attempts before his attempt at the bottom left was thwarted by De Gea.
“I think David is the guy the who deserves this reward rather than myself, he saved us throughout the game and particularly towards the end and the penalty as well so not only him but the rest of the side deserve this,” said Di Maria after being named man of the match.
What was my most important save? Maybe the penalty

Now  MP town denies permission for Christian conventionALSO READ:  Christian boy- Hindu girl marriage ends in separation 
The police administration had declared as invalid the marriage between Joseph Pawar and Ayushi Wani, both major, who tied the knot at an Arya Samaj temple in Bhopal.
The 5th Massihi Atmik Jagruti Sabha had been planned in advance but the administration first cancelled the permission on September 30 after Hindu organizations threatened to begin an indefinite protest from October 1 till the couple was not traced and the woman restored to her parents.
While denying the permission, SDM (Jobat) Sharda Chouhan in a letter to Kapil Sharma, who is founder of MF and state head of AIUF said if the meet was held “Wani Samaj and Hindu Sangathan(s) could commit some cognizable offence.” The SDM quoted an input by the in-charge of the Jobat Police Station behind the refusal.
The couple was traced and brought to Jobat on October 1, the day Hindu organizations enforced a complete bandh but withdrew the call for indefinite protest. Ayushi told the administration that she loved Joseph and refused to go back to her parents. While she was sent to Nari Niketan in Ujjain, Joseph was escorted to Indore.
Thinking that the matter had been resolved, Sharma again wrote to the SDM seeking fresh permission for the meet. He said invites had been sent to followers weeks in advance and it would be difficult to stop them from coming to Jobat.
Sharma told The Indian Express that on Sunday he got a call from the SDM to convey the administration’s decision that the permission for the meet remained cancelled because the atmosphere was still charged.
Chouhan informed that the ‘mahaul’ was not conducive for the gathering of Christians and that the permission had been denied because it could have become a law and order issue. “What if something goes wrong? Then we will be blamed for having allowed the meet to take place” she said adding tempers were still running high. She said the venue (agriculture field) suggested the meet was planned at a larger scale.
Sharma said that he would challenge the denial of permission in a court of law because the minority community’s constitutional right was being violated.
Fr Anand Muttungal of Isai Mahasangh slammed the Alirajpur administration saying security concern was an excuse. “How could permission be refused for a peaceful meet that could have taken place inside a church,” he asked dubbing the cancellation as “deliberate”.
Refusing the allegation by right-wing organizations that people are converted during the annual meet, Sharma’s letter to the SDM said “no one has been converted in the last four meets and no one will be converted in future.”

Heat  humidity stays; temp settles close to 40 deg C in NorthThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Better governance is the only solution for AfricaOctober 5, 2014 9:02 am
Better governance is the only sustainable solution for Africa
By Mo Ibrahim
©AFP
Mo Ibrahim
When I first started talking about the potential for investment and business opportunities in Africa some 20 years ago, I found myself an isolated voice. That turned out to be good for me – and the few others who saw, invested, and reaped wonderful rewards from that potential – but not so good for the continent.
A narrative that branded Africa as little more than an economic, political and social basket case was not likely to provide the investment needed to drive development.
More
Africa’s financial sector draws interest from investors
After a startling transformation, Africa is now seen as a rare source of optimism. The continent’s recent record of GDP growth looks set to continue.
At the recent US-Africa Leaders Summit, it was striking to see the very strong representation from the American private sector. The business forum co-hosted by Michael Bloomberg brought leaders such as Jeffrey Immelt and David Rubenstein together to discuss Africa’s investment potential. This was an unprecedented and powerful advertisement for doing business on the continent.
However, just at the moment that the African narrative was finally shifting away from poverty, disease and corruption to one of dynamism and opportunity, the twin challenges of rising extremism – in particular Boko Haram – and the Ebola virus came to dominate the news headlines. These events seemed to contradict the “Africa Rising” narrative.
There is, however, a common thread of governance connecting the continent’s successes and its challenges. Increasing extremism – across Africa and the world – must be understood in the context of the failure of our leaders properly to manage diversity within their borders. As Ban Ki-moon, the UN secretary-general, powerfully articulated during the recent UN general assembly, “missiles might kill terrorists, but good governance kills terrorism”.
Insufficient care was taken to ensure that Africa’s economic growth was inclusive, equitable and job-creating, particularly for young people . We are now seeing the consequences of that. Better governance is the only sustainable solution to our peace and security challenges.
FT Conference
Register for live streaming of FT Africa summit 2014 including a CEO debate and FT editor’s interview with Nigeria economy minister
With regard to the Ebola virus , it is clear that the Mano River region faces an unprecedented public health crisis. The political will and resources to meet this threat need to be mobilised. But it is important both to understand why Ebola is taking such a toll and to put it in broader context.
Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone are in a post-conflict region, so they confront Ebola with fragile governance structures. Their presidents have shown strong leadership in tackling the virus but lack the resources to respond. Mortality rates among the infected are high, not only because of the virus itself, but because of the state of the healthcare systems in the affected countries.
This is highlighted by the success of Senegal and Nigeria, both with more robust healthcare infrastructures, in containing the disease.
We must do everything we can to help the affected countries with this health issue, but we should be very careful not to make matters worse by taking measures to hurt their economies. Already, the closing of borders and cessation of flights to the affected countries is having a hugely damaging effect. Projected food shortages are creating the possibility of a humanitarian crisis.
Africa is open for business. The fight against Ebola cannot undermine the fight against poverty
In a subregion emerging from conflict, the danger of backsliding towards social unrest and even violence is ever-present.
While observing all the World Health Organisation-mandated protocols for containment of this outbreak, we must attempt as far as possible to normalise trade and travel to those countries. We must target the disease, not the citizens of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
Africa is and remains open for business. The fight against Ebola cannot undermine the fight against poverty. There are 50 African countries with no incidence of Ebola. Africa should not again face isolation or stigmatisation based on ignorance and unrepresentative imagery.
The understandable fear that this disease generates must be confronted by logic and humanity.
When we view the continent through the prism of good governance, rather than fear and crude stereotypes, we can reconcile these seemingly conflicting views of Africa – on the one hand full of potential, on the other facing serious problems.
As Africa rises, our ability to face our greatest challenges will be determined by how strong, inclusive and equitable are our institutions.
The lesson to take from recent events is that good governance underlies our successes and bad governance explains our problems. Therefore it is this good governance agenda that should bring us all into alignment – citizens, civil society, government and business, both local and international – to ensure that Africa continues to rise and takes us all along with it.
-------------------------------------------
Mo Ibrahim is a Sudanese-British mobile communications entrepreneur and chair of the Mo Ibrahim Foundation
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Foreign banks in Russia turn to rouble bond marketForeign banks in Russia turn to rouble bonds
By Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c2926d4-4b2e-11e4-8a0e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MP model will be implemented in Haryana: Shivraj Singh Chouhan2
0
Ambala: Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Sunday said that Haryana would be developed on the pattern of 'MP Model' if BJP came to power in the state.
Addressing a party workers' meeting at Barara in support of BJP candidate Santosh Sarwan, he said Madhya Pradesh government had provided loan to farmers without interest and a number of farmers of Haryana had shifted to Madhya Pradesh as they were getting power round the clock and other facilities.
He said the Madhya Pradesh government had launched Rani Luxmi Bai Yojna and Kanya Dhan Yojna there to encourage women empowerment.
CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan said that Haryana would be developed on the pattern of 'MP Model' if BJP came to power in the state.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #haryana #shivraj chouhan #madhya pradesh
Criticising Congress and Indian National Lok Dal (INLD), he said both the parties were two sides of the same coin.
Chouhan said he was incharge of Haryana BJP for a few years and was aware of INLD politics and had also opposed BJP-INLD alliance.
He claimed BJP would get absolute majority in Haryana and form its government without the support of any other party.
2

NCP s watch is stuck on a time when they can loot the most  says Modi at Maharashtra election rallyWith broom in hand, Sachin Tendulkar joins PM Modi's 'Swachh Bharat' campaign
Oct 05, 2014 at  11:05pm IST
NCP's watch is stuck on a time when they can loot the most, says Modi at Maharashtra election rally
38
0
Gondia: Prime Minister Narendra Modi labelled the previous NCP-Congress government as looters while addressing a rally in Gondia ahead of the Maharashtra assembly elections.
Modi said that NCP chief Sharad Pawar played safe by not contesting the Lok Sabha elections which led to his party's debacle. The PM claimed that Pawar instead made Gondia MP Praful Patel the scapegoat. Modi also stepped up the attack on former CM Prithviraj Chavan saying that he is so scared that he does not even want to sit beside him (Modi).
The PM also accused the previous NCP-Congress government for looting the state for the last 15 years. Labelling the Chavan government as 'bhrastacharwadi', the PM exhorted the youth saying that it is upto them whether they would want to elect such a corrupt government to power again.
#narendra modi #rally #gondia #praful patel
Making an implicit mention of the NCP-Congress split, Modi said that since the former feared defeat, so it left the government.
The PM drew a parallel with Maharashtra's neighbouring state of Chhattisgarh, asserting that while the ruling BJP government has worked consistently to develop Chhattisgarh, the previous NCP-Congress government has done little for the state. Giving the example of Gondia itself, the PM said that while incumbent Raman Singh government has been working assiduously for the upliftment of the tribal community in Chhattisgarh, the same can unfortunately not be said about Gondia, a tribal dominated area.
Modi said that the era of alliances is over and asked the people of Maharashtra to give the BJP "a full majority" in the Assembly elections.
Modi cited examples of adjoining Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh where voters had given the BJP a full majority.
"Maharashtra could be the number one state in the country," he said.
Appealing to Maoists to shun violence and return to the mainstream, Modi said, "Put down guns from your shoulders and put ploughs on your shoulder. You will get relief".
"Return to the mainstream. Stop the bloodshed. Be a partner in the country's progress. Nobody has succeeded through violence," he said.
However, a BJP election rally scheduled at Nashik
on Sunday evening was cancelled due to heavy rains.
(With inputs from PTI)

Clashes break out in Ahmedabad after police went to arrest suspects of cow slaughterPrint
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 5, 2014 9:40 pm
A day before the Eid-ul-Zuha celebrations, clashes broke out in the communally sensitive Shahpur area of the city late on Sunday evening where the police officials from the Ahmedabad Crime Branch went to arrest suspect in cow slaughter in Shahibaug firing case a night earlier. The situation turned tense for a few hours where police resorted to shelling tear gas shells to control the violence.
The incident fuelled up at Rangila Chowky near Pattharwali Masjid when a team of crime branch landed in the area for probe. The locals reportedly formed a huge mob and pelted stones at crime branch. Soon, the policemen from Shahpur and neighbouring police stations rushed to the spot to take stock of the situation.
The Shahpur police said that locals didn’t hear to what policemen had to say and objected to the arrest of the men from the locality. They alleged that the boys were being rounded up on wrong allegations and charges. The cops however claimed that they had gone to Shahpur just to check on the suspect’s role in animal slaughter.
ALSO READ: Caught on camera: Group carrying calves clashes with cops
The police shelled 20 tear gas shells from the riot control van and over 20 another from stun grenades to control the stone pelting that went on for more than two hours. Two police vans were torched and several private vehicles parked near the spot were ransacked. A Sub-Inpsector from Shahpur police station was injured in the incident and shifted to VS Hospital for treatment.
Ahmedabad Police Commissioner Shivanand Jha rushed to the spot and spoke to the people of the community in Shahpur. He told the locals there, “There was a misunderstanding due which the stone pelting started. You all should remain patient because violence doesn’t benefit anyone. Take control of your areas and maintain peace. We will let you celebrate your festival properly in full security”.
On night of October 4, a team of crime branch men lead by Inspector Bhavesh Rojiya had fired at a mini tempo allegedly carrying beef near Shahibuag underbridge. The tempo driver and cleaner identified as Salman Khan Pathan of Danilimda and Zakir Pathan of Jamalpur were arrested. The crime branch officials said that the driver tried to run over Inspector’s jeep when he tried to stop him from fleeing, which led to the firing.
The officials added that Inspector Rojiya had fired two rounds at the tempo’s rear wheel and stopped the vehicle for checking. The vehicle was however empty but the crime branch had a complete tip off that the accused are connected with the butchers’ network in the city and were going to bring beef in that tempo. The accused are now in custody of the crime branch.
The crime branch officials had suspicion on Hanif Langda, a known butcher and the leading suspect who is running the illegal animal slaughter in the city. Langda’s aide who is based in Shahpur was under the suspicion radar of the crime branch.
As we write the copy, the Shahpur police continued…

Typhoon heads to Tokyo after killing US airmanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Private sector QE and euroAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Over 200 evacuated from firing-affected hamlets in JammuPress Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: October 5, 2014 10:08 pm
Over 200 people have been evacuated from border hamlets that are affected by Pakistan’s shelling in Arnia and R S Pura belts of Jammu sector.
“More than 200 people have been evacuated from shelling-hit border hamlets along the borders in Arnia and R S Pura belts of Jammu sector,” police officials said.
They were shifted to government buildings and Radha Soami Satsang ghar, they said.
Confirming the reports of evacuation, District Magistrate Jammu, Ajeet Kumar Sahu said, “Situation is unpredictable along the borderline.”
“In the view of firing from across the border, we shifted the people living in villages close to IB to safer areas,” he said.
Violating the ceasefire for the 10th time this month, Pakistani troops on Sunday opened heavy fire on Indian posts along the LoC in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir.
Pakistani troops on Saturday fired mortar shells along the LoC in Poonch district, drawing equal retaliation from Army.
On October 3, Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire four time by shelling forward areas and villages along LoC and International Border in Gulmarg sector of Kashmir Valley and Poonch and Jammu sector in Jammu region in which a girl was killed and six persons were injured.
There have been over 100 ceasefire violations by Pakistan along the Line of Control in recent months.

Navjot Sidhu to campaign for BJP candidates in HaryanaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Not to crticse you when ril 840 u were short when ril 1120 ur are long...Silver Member
58 Followers
not to crticse you when ril 840 u were short when ril 1120 ur are long this show why u lost money in stock market option destroyed you
11.04 PM Oct 5th

As per the report  ibpower is now expected to post 2.8 eps for fy17  a...53 Followers
Amtek Auto
The recovery in the automobile segment should help the company as the domestic business makes up 62 per cent of overall revenues and 80 per cent of operating profit.
The domestic business, which has seen a strong increase in the profit in recent quarters, will see growth on higher auto sales, localisation efforts of original equipment makers and vendor rationalisation.
The trigger, however, remains deleveraging (getting rid of debt).
The company’s debt is ~15,000 crore, translating into a net debt to equity ratio of just under two and net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation (Ebitda) of 4.3. The company also has to improve its single-digit return ratios.
While there is an upside to the stock, investors should track the pace of the debt reduction and turnround in international operations, to provide further boost to the financials.
7.52 PM Oct 3rd

I have still not cancelled my valid-till-cancellation (vtc) buy order ...Platinum Member
90 Followers
Hi Zorro , q2 is tough always for Airlines due to lean season, but this time they  have carried more no of passengers much higher than a good quarter nos...ufcoarse yield will be comparatively less .But I see some magic of profit for the first time at lease for spicejet ....
11.57 AM Oct 5th

Why sir..thoda prakash daalnaSilver Member
58 Followers
not to crticse you when ril 840 u were short when ril 1120 ur are long this show why u lost money in stock market option destroyed you
11.04 PM Oct 5th

