Swachh Bharat: Mumbaikars wield broomsTweet
A student of Andheri's Rajhans School participates in the nationwide Swachh Bharat mission in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramaniam/HT photo)
Students of Andheri's Hansraj Morarji School clean their classrooms as part of the nationwide Swachh Bharat mission. (Vidya Subramaniam/HT photo)
Students from VJTI college participate in the nationwide Swachh Bharat mission at Dadar beach in Mumbai.  (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
Workers sweep a market as they participate in the nationwide Swachh Bharat mission in Mumbai. (Kunal Patil/HT Photo)
Railway staff members sweep a railway platform as they participate in the nationwide Swachh Bharat Mission in Dadar, Mumbai. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
Students take part in a walkathon as part of the nationwide campaign Swachh Bharat Mission at Dadar, Mumbai. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
Students take part in a walkathon as part of the nationwide campaign Swachh Bharat Mission at Dadar, Mumbai. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
Railway staff members clean the platforms as PM Modi launched Swachh Bharat campaign in Borivali. (Pratham Gokhale/HT photo)
RPF staff members clean the platforms in Borivali as PM Modi launched Swachh Bharat campaign. (Pratham Gokhale/HT photo)
Coolies clean the platforms as Swachh Bharat campaign in Borivali. The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan aims to clean up the country in the next five years. (Pratham Gokhale/HT photo)
Children hold placards to support PM Modi's Swachh Bharat campaign in Borivali. The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan aims to clean up the country in the next five years. (Pratham Gokhale/HT photo)
School children hold placards to support PM Modi's Swachh Bharat campaign in Borivali. The PM launched the nationwide Swachh Bharat Abhiyan to clean up the country in the next five years. (Pratham Gokhale/HT photo)
A girl poses alongwith a Swachh Bharat poster in Borivali, Mumbai. PM Modi launched the nationwide Swachh Bharat Abhiyan that aims to clean up the country in the next five years. (Pratham Gokhale/HT photo)
Advertisement

BSE  USE seek shareholders nod for mergerUpdated: October 3, 2014 22:02 IST
BSE, USE seek shareholders’ nod for merger
N. Anand
As per the merger formula, BSE proposes to issue one equity share of Re.1 each for every 385 equity shares of USE.
TOPICS
stock exchanges
As per the merger formula, BSE proposes to issue one equity share of Re.1 each for every 385 equity shares of USE.
The United Stock Exchange of India Ltd (USE) and BSE Ltd. have convened separate meetings of their equity shareholders in Mumbai on October 20 to seek their approval for the proposed merger of the former with the latter.
Recently, the Securities and Exchange Board of India and the Competition Commission of India had granted their approval for the proposed merger. Similarly, applications have been filed by them before the Bombay High Court seeking its approval.
As per the merger formula, BSE proposes to issue one equity share of Re.1 each for every 385 equity shares of USE. The share exchange ratio was recommended by S.R. Batliboi & Co LLP. After the amalgamation, the paid-up equity capital of the BSE would increase to 10.73 crore from Rs. 10.57 crore.
Post-merger, the equity holding of institutions and non-institutions in BSE would increase to 57.82 per cent from 56.83 per cent, while that of trading members and their associates would dip from 43.17 per cent to 42.18 cent.
In the explanation statements, BSE and USE said that their board of directors had given their nod for the merger during May. The merger would come into force from April 1, 2014.
According to the EGM notice, USE and BSE are recognised stock exchanges. Currently, there were four stock exchanges in the country that provided trading platform in currency derivatives and interest rate derivatives segment. The BSE started providing trading facility in currency derivative segment since November 2013.
The merger would lead to consolidation of this sector and improve liquidity.
USE is a public limited company incorporated on October 15, 2008. It has a paid-up capital of Rs.154.50 crore of which 14.56 per cent was held by BSE.
The shareholders of USE comprise of 21 nationalised banks, six private banks and one bank based out of India.
For March 2014, USE reported a loss of Rs.3.93 crore against a profit of Rs.46.36 lakh for the corresponding period last year.

Retail sector to benefit from REITsUpdated: October 3, 2014 22:27 IST
Retail sector to benefit from REITs
Ramnath Subbu
THE HINDU There are a host of commercial properties such as shopping centres, retail malls, among others, which are eligible for REITs in India. File Photo
TOPICS
stock exchanges
JLL India estimates that six million sq.ft. of mall space will be added in 2014
The entry of real estate investment trusts (REITs) in the Indian market is expected to infuse a large dose of liquidity into the cash-strapped commercial real estate sector and could be a game changer.
In India, of the estimated 350 million square feet of ‘Grade A’ office space — valued at around $65-70 billion — concentrated in the major urban centres, about 80-100 million sq. ft is estimated to be eligible for REITs in the next 2-3 years, valued at about $15-20 billion, according to KPMG in India.
Apart from these, there are a host of other commercial properties such as shopping centres, retail malls, among others, which are eligible for REITs.
Retail malls in particular had seen developers rush in and churn out malls all over the country, but the rising vacancy rates following the economic slowdown saw a slowdown on the supply of mall space. An improvement in consumer sentiment now is good news for organised retail.
“The overall vacancy rate today stands high at about 20 per cent in retail malls across major Indian cities, while superior grade malls have vacancy rates averaging at only 10 per cent,” said Suvishesh Valsan, senior analyst (Research & REIS), JLL India, a real estate consultancy.
JLL India estimates that six million sq. ft of mall space will be added in 2014.
Given that international retailers will prefer to take up space in these malls, the shortage of quality space is evident, and will be felt for some time. REITs, in order to provide attractive yields, have to buy assets at a reasonable price. While upcoming superior grade malls will offer lucrative investment opportunities, some existing lower grade malls could be up for sale at a discount. “For instance, of Mumbai’s 65 existing malls, only 20 are of a size suitable for securitisation in a REIT. Of these, five or six could be considered distressed assets,” Mr. Valsan said.

Fire and Fireworks: Celebrating DussehraTweet
Workers walk past effigies of demon king Ravana and his son Meghnath and brother Kumbhkaran installed on the occasion of the Dussehra festival in Amritsar. (AFP Photo)
Rashtriya Sayamsevak Sangh volunteers take part in a march to mark their foundation day and Dussehra, in Jodhpur. (PTI Photo)
Police personnel worship their weapons on the occasion of Dusshera in Thane. (PTI Photo)
A boy decorates his auto rickshaw as he prepares to offer prayers on Vijayadasami festival in Hyderabad.(AP Photo)
Bihar chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi offers aarti to youth dressed up as lord Ram and Laxman during the Dussehra celebrations in Patna. (PTI Photo)
President Pranab Mukherjee applying 'Tilak' to  artists, enacting Lord Ram and Laxman during Dussehra celebrations at Subhash Maidan in New Delhi. (PTI Photo)
Policemen watch an effigy of Ravana's son Meghnath go up in flames marking the end of Dussehra festival in Jammu. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, former PM Manmohan Singh and Congress President Soina Gandhi during Dussehra celebrations at Subhash Maidan in New Delhi. (PTI Photo)
Advertisement

World Bank trims Asia growth outlook  urges reformUpdated: October 6, 2014 10:50 IST
World Bank trims Asia growth outlook, urges reform
AP
money and monetary policy
The World Bank has trimmed its growth forecast for developing East Asian economies this year to 6.9 per cent and urged governments to improve conditions for investment and exports.
Monday’s forecast said Asian growth should pick up next year, with the exception of China, as a recovery in developed markets increases demand for exports.
The latest growth outlook is down from the bank’s 7.1 per cent forecast for the region that includes China, Southeast Asia and Pacific Islands. But the region still has the world’s fastest growth.
The bank said the region has the potential to grow faster than other developing regions if governments implement an “ambitious domestic reform agenda” including removing barriers to investment and improving export competitiveness.

Ask the Indians: PietersenReuters BLOWING THE LID OFF: Kevin Pietersen on Monday launched a scathing attack on his ex-teammates and former coach Andy Flower in a newspaper interview. File photo.
TOPICS
cricket
Says bullying culture prevalent in English set-up
Former England batsman Kevin Pietersen has named India among the teams that could confirm the “horrendous and highly disturbing” culture of bullying within the English cricket outfit.
Pietersen blamed former coach Andy Flower for “ruling by fear” and attacked vice-captain Matt Prior for allegedly orchestrating a campaign against him.
“I could give you telephone numbers of international players around the world. You ring them and ask them about the way the England team conducted themselves through the last three, four years. Listen to them.
“Ask the Sri Lankans, ask the Australians. Ask the West Indians, ask the Indians. I got messages from Indians and stuff when they played against them saying ‘I can’t believe you could play with these guys’,” Pietersen was quoted as saying by Daily Telegraph ahead of the release of his autobiography titled KP.
Foremost among a series of accusations and grievances is the claim that a culture of bullying took hold — led, allegedly, by Prior and the bowlers who enjoyed so much success during England’s rise to No. 1 Test team.
“Horrendous. Hugely disturbing. I brought it up on numerous occasions,” he said.
Forcing to apologise
Specifically Pietersen cited the example of fielders being forced to apologise to bowlers if they dropped a catch or made an error, and Prior yelling aggressively at teammates.
He also feels his open support for the Indian Premier League (IPL) resulted in a lot of backlash against him.
“When the IPL came round and I spoke so positively about the IPL. And I constantly said all the players should be playing in the IPL. If we want to get better we should be playing in the IPL. I’ve been saying it for six years,” he said.
“I was sitting in my house the other day watching the one-day series against India, when they were hammering England, and Nick Knight and the commentators were saying, ‘I just wish the England players were playing more IPL, this would be so much more of a contest’, and I just started laughing.
“I said to Jess (his wife), ‘What have I been saying for seven years? What have I been saying for seven years’,” he added.
Despite being England’s all-time leading run-scorer across all formats, the South Africa-born batsman was sensationally axed after the team’s 5-0 Ashes thrashing in Australia in 2013/14.
The England and Wales Cricket Board then gave several convoluted explanations as to why its former captain had been discarded, citing the need to “support” current skipper Alastair Cook as a central reason.
In an interview with Monday’s edition of the Daily Telegraph, to promote an autobiography due to be published on Thursday, Pietersen said he still did not understand why he was effectively sacked.
“Why was I sacked? I’d love to know,” he said.
Pietersen, 34, added he’d been shocked by the way senior bowlers Graeme Swann (now retired), Stuart Broad and James Anderson as well as currently injured wicketkeeper Matt Prior abused fielders for dropping catches.
Prior vows to respond
England wicketkeeper Matt Prior on Monday pledged to respond to former international team-mate Kevin Pietersen’s claims that he was “back-stabbing” and a “bad influence” on the team.

Finacle head resigns  to be replaced by former SAP executiveE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Karan Johar to make biopic on hockey legend Dhyan Chand  will Shah Rukh Khan play the leadPrint
Reports earlier said that Shah Rukh Khan, who has earlier played hockey coach in 'Chak De!', is likely to play the lead role in Dhyan Chand biopic.
Written by Apurva Singh , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 7, 2014 12:21 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 12:27 pm
Filmmaker Karan Johar has bought the rights to make a biopic on hockey legend Dhyan Chand. The producer-director took to Twitter to announce that he has the rights to depict the story of the greatest hockey star Dhyan Chand.
My friends Pooja…Aarti Shetty and I are honoured and proud to have the rights to tell the story of the legendary sportsman #DHYANCHAND …
— Karan Johar (@karanjohar) October 7, 2014
While Karan Johar did not disclose anymore details of the film, reports earlier said that superstar Shah Rukh Khan, who has earlier played hockey coach in ‘Chak De!’, is likely to play the lead role in Dhyan Chand biopic. However, official announcement on the casting is still to be made.
Dhyan Chand was a three-time Olympic gold medal winner and was widely popular as ‘The Wizard’ due to his control on the ball.
This is not the first sports biopic to be announced this year. Recently, a film on Indian cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni was also announced. ‘Kai Po Che’ actor Sushant Singh Rajput will be playing Mahendra Singh Dhoni in the biopic called ‘M.S. Dhoni’.

Mexico mass murder: Federal police take over Mexico city after attacksA clandestine grave is seen in Iguala, Mexico, Monday, Oct. 6, 2014. State officials worked Monday to determine whether 28 bodies found in the clandestine graves are of the students who were attacked by local police in Iguala. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Iguala | Posted: October 7, 2014 12:59 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 1:05 pm
Mexico sent federal agents to take over security in a troubled city in southern Guerrero state after the discovery of a mass grave and charges that local police conspired with a criminal gang to kill and disappear students.
READ: Hitmen admit killing 17 of 43 missing Mexican students
The newly created preventative unit of the federal police was tasked Monday with keeping order in Iguala and helping search for the 43 students still missing following the Sept. 26 attack, in which six people died.
A soldier mans a machinegun atop a military vehicle outside the municipality in Iguala, Mexico, Monday, Oct. 6, 2014. (Source: AP)
As state officials worked to determine whether any of the missing were among 28 bodies found over the weekend in a clandestine hillside grave, President Enrique Pena Nieto called the deaths “outrageous, painful and unacceptable.”
Pena Nieto said he dispatched federal security forces to “find out what happened and apply the full extent of the law to those responsible.”
Guerrero State Prosecutor Inaky Blanco said so far there was no known motive for the attack, but officials have alleged that local police were in league with a gang called the Guerreros Unidos.
Plastic gloves hang on tree branches where investigators left them, near a group of clandestine graves in Iguala, Mexico, Monday, Oct. 6, 2014. (Source: AP)
Investigators said video showed officers taking away an undetermined number of students, who had gone from a rural teachers college in Ayotzinapa to the city to solicit donations.
Speculation abounded among parents and local residents as a banner appeared in the name of the Guerreros Unidos. It demanded that 22 police officers detained in connection with the attack be released within 24 hours, and warned of consequences otherwise: “The war has started.”
The federal takeover came amid rising international concern over the Iguala incident and another possible case of a mass killing involving Mexican authorities.
A soldier stands under a rainbow outside the municipality in Iguala, Mexico, Monday, Oct. 6, 2014. (Source: AP)
An army unit is under investigation continued…

Shakespeare and Amul extend their love to desi Hamlet -  HaiderPrint
Shahid Kapoor's 'Haider' is going places.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 7, 2014 3:33 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 3:48 pm
Shahid Kapoor’s recent release ‘Haider’ or desi Hamlet has been riding high with all the criticial acclaim that it has been getting. Not only them, but also the Bollywood counterparts and fans are going haider-fied as shown by the steady rise in the movie’s collections. The latest to join the list are the Amul Corporation, headquartered in Gujarat and William Shakespeare. Yes, the man himself, Shakespeare!
The official facebook page of William Shakespeare , few days back, put up pictures of ‘Haider’; some posters and some with the critic ratings it got from the leading newspapers of India.
Also read – Small wonder ‘Haider’ rides on word of mouth, registers 14% rise in collections
Amul is known to come up with adverts with the most innovative punchlines. It has now come up with one for the ‘Modern Day Classic’. The Amul girl replaces Shraddha in this one. Seems she is in love too with Shahid, like everybody has fallen after the movie.

Supreme Court comes to the rescue of heritage properties in Fatehpur SikriPrint
World heritage properties in Fatehpur Sikri have drawn the attention of the Supreme Court.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:38 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 10:47 am
After Agra’s Taj Mahal, world heritage properties in Fatehpur Sikri have drawn the attention of the Supreme Court, which has come to the rescue of the monuments sitting in shambles despite periodic bouts of release of concerns and funds.
From a new traffic movement plan to the construction of boundary walls around the monuments; from imminent removal of encroachments to the widening of the road; from installation of CCTV cameras to ensuring adequate security; the Supreme Court has issued slew of directions to the Uttar Pradesh government, the Archaeological Survey of India and others to make sure the monuments keep up to their status of being world heritage properties.
Built during the second half of the 16th century by Emperor Akbar, Fatehpur Sikri was the first planned city of the Mughal, constructed on the bank of a large natural lake that has now dried up.
The city wall, in its nine-kilometre run, is pierced by nine gates. Architecturally, Fatehpur Sikri exhibits a fusion of prolific and versatile Indo-Islamic style with showcasing a combination of secular and religious buildings carved of red sand stone. At Fatehpur Sikri stands the Asia’s tallest arched gateway known as Buland Darwaza.
However, a PIL in the court highlighted the miserable conditions in which the monuments sat in shambles and abject encroachments, while restricting space and cluttering up, threatened to engulf beauty of the historical buildings. The petition by Waseem Ahmed Saeed pleaded for intervention by the court to ensure conservation, maintenance and refurbishment of the monuments, which had been subjected to apathy by the state administration and the ASI.
In its recent order, a bench led by Justice H L Dattu directed the ASI and the UP government to pull up their socks and remove all the encroachments from the vicinity of the monuments, while also clearing the ways to their entry. It ordered for construction of boundary walls around Buland Darwaza and Agra Gate, after shutting all unnecessary entry to the monuments. The entry for the shopkeepers of the Shopping-cum-Interpretation Centre at Fatehpur Sikri would be from an alternate road.
The bench further said that no vehicle shall be allowed to be henceforth parked up to Badshahi Darwaza or Buland Darwaza and parking facility should be made available inside the Gulistan Parking Complex.
Rejecting an application by a shopkeeper who claimed entry to his house and shop would be affected if a compound wall is erected, the court said that all unauthorised access to the inside of the monuments must also be stopped immediately.
The bench asked the UP government to comply with its previous order of acquiring the land required to widen the road leading to Hathi Darwaza from the existing 5.5 meters metalled width to 10.5 meters and for for providing parking space next to the monument. It also directed the ASI continued…

Express 5: EC gets report on Vadra-DLF deal; no country for the oldWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 8:57 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 8:58 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. EXPRESS IMPACT:
The Election Commission, which had sought to ascertain whether the clearance given by the state government to a land deal between Robert Vadra and real estate firm DLF violates the model code of conduct, received a report from the Haryana poll authorities on Tuesday.
CLICK HERE TO READ WHAT INDIAN EXPRESS REPORTED ON VADRA-DLF DEAL
2. NO COUNTRY FOR THE OLD:
If you are old and single, you are most likely to be a woman living in a rural area. That’s the finding from the recently released Census 2011 data on households with people aged 60 years and above.
3. INDIA WARNS PAK:
Indian villagers sit near a blood stained spot after alleged mortar shell firing from the Pakistan side.
Amid repeated ceasefire violations across the Line of Control and International Border, the Army is learnt to have warned its Pakistani counterpart of an “effective, immediate and appropriate” response.
After repeated ceasefire violations across LoC, India warns Pak of ‘effective’ reply , report from ground zero by Pranav Kulkarni and Vijaita Singh
4. OPINION:
Alteration in the electoral landscape had a larger impact on BJP’s Uttar Pradesh bypoll performance than its Hindutva campaign.
Arithmetic, not ‘love jihad’ , by Praveen Chakravarty
5. WEST INDIES IN INDIA:
Dhoni wore a confounded look when a journalist asked him whether the side, in the tune-up to the big one next year, had addressed their three big problems in ODI cricket – openers, death bowlers and spinners.

UP official booked for objectionable photos of Modi  Shah on FBPrint
Written by Lalmani Verma | Lucknow | Posted: October 8, 2014 5:41 am
An FIR has been lodged against a state government official in Balrampur district for allegedly posting objectionable photographs of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP national president Amit Shah on his Facebook account.
The FIR was lodged at Balrampur City Kotwali police station on the complaint of BJP’s district media cell incharge Ajay Kumar Pandey who reportedly lodged the complaint on directive of party’s Shravasti MP Daddan Mishra.
Balrampur Kotwali SHO, Sanjay Mishra told The Indian Express that the FIR has been lodged against Additional Programme Officer of MGNREGA Rajesh Yadav under sections of the IT Act. He said a printout of the Facebook account carrying pictures of Narendra Modi and Amit Shah as Ravan had been attached with the complaint. “More details about the Facebook account are being collected. The investigation is on,” Mishra said.
The complainant, Ajay Kumar Pandey said he checked the Facebook account of Rajesh Yadav through the account of a local social worker Anurag Yadav. “I found he had posted a picture of Ravan with Narendra Modi’s face on his one head in the centre while other nine heads had the face of Amit Shah,” he said. A message along with the post read “Aaj-kal desh me Ram ban kar ghum rahe Ravan (These days Ravans are moving around pretending to be Ram),” Pandey said.
Daddan Mishra said when he came to know about the matter, he asked Pandey to lodge a complaint as the posts were highly objectionable. He demanded that the police lodge a case of sedition against the accused.
Meanwhile, when contacted, Rajesh Yadav said. “I did not post that photo on my account. I have told the police that someone had hacked my account and posted that photograph.” Yadav is a contractual employee and he works under district’s Chief Development Office and supervises the works of MGNREGA.

MP Christians meet: Police notice to organiser asks if involved in terror  criminal activitiesPrint
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: October 8, 2014 5:41 am
After refusing permission for an annual Christian gathering in Jobat, Alirajpur, the Madhya Police have served a notice on the organiser asking whether his organisation was involved in terror, criminal or anti-social activities among other things.
Jhabua-based Moksha Foundation had organised a gathering in Jobat from October 6-9, but the Alirajpur administration refused permission because a marriage between a Christian man and a Hindu woman had caused communal tension.
On Tuesday, foundation president Kapil Sharma was asked by the police to fill up personal information like name, address, passport number and political association among 20 points listed in a one-page document.
The second document sought information about the organisation: like the source of funding; whether involved in terror or criminal activities; details of members, including foreigners; and a clear note on the actual inclination of the organization (religious, political, social or communal).
A similar exercise had caused a furore in 2011 when the police in some districts sought to collect details of Christian organisations in a similar format. In the wake of protests by the minority community which dubbed the exercise as community profiling, the state police headquarters had claimed that the circular was issued by a mistake.
Jhabua SP Krishnaveni Desavatu told The Indian Express that it was a routine exercise. “Maybe the local police did not have information about the organization. They normally collect such information from active and inactive organisation. There is nothing to worry,” she said.
Sharma said never in the past had he been asked to provide information about himself and the organisation. He said he would reply in a couple of days but took offence to the type of questions.
Spokesperson of Catholic Bishops Conference, Madhya Pradesh, Fr Johny P J said the Catholic community would challenge the exercise if it was ordered by the administration. “Normally the police resort to such steps under pressure from right-wing organisations,” he said.

Poll accounts closed  PMs assets drop by Rs 40 lakhExpress News Service | Posted: October 8, 2014 5:39 am
Between April 7 and August 18 this year, Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s assets came down by Rs 39.79 lakh. The drop was primarily due to the fact that two of his bank accounts, which were opened for election purposes during the Lok Sabha elections and had Rs 25.57 lakh parked in them, no longer feature in Modi’s latest asset details.
The affidavit filed by Modi in the run-up to Lok Sabha polls had listed a total Rs 26.05 lakh as his bank balances in four banks accounts. Of this, Rs 25.57 lakh was parked in two Bank of India savings accounts opened for general election purposes — one each for Vadodara and Varanasi. Both these accounts have ostensibly been closed post elections and do not find a mention in the PM’s latest asset details.
Also, the number of Prime Minister’s fixed deposits have come down from 17 during the Lok Sabha polls to 11 now, bringing down the amounts parked therein from Rs 32.48 lakh to around Rs 17 lakh.
In the latest disclosure about the assets and liabilities of the Prime Minister and Union Council of Ministers, made on the Prime Minister’s official website, Modi has declared Rs 38,700 as cash in hand, which is Rs 6,000 more than what he had declared in April.
Also, his bank balance now stands at Rs 1.32 lakh as compared to the Rs 26.05 lakh in April. The value of the four gold rings Modi owns has come down from Rs 1.35 lakh in April to around Rs 1.20 lakh now. Another addition to the PM’s kitty is the Rs 50,000 he had deposited as election deposits in Vadodara and Varanasi which got refunded after he won from both constituencies. As was the case in his April affidavit, Modi has stated “not known” in all the columns meant to have information about his spouse Jashodaben.
The latest disclosures reveal Finance and Defence Minister Arun Jaitley as the richest minister with assets of over Rs 72 crore while Home Minister Rajnath Singh’s latest assets worth Rs 2.56 crore show an increase of Rs 4.69 lakh.
Only five of the 22 cabinet ministers are not crorepatis, the latest information states.
At assets worth Rs 20.45 lakh, Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu figures amongst the five ministers with least assets.
With assets worth Rs 39.88 lakh, Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan also figures amongst five cabinet ministers who are not crorepatis — Labour and Employment Minister Narendra Singh Tomar, Health Minister Harshvardhan and Chemicals and Fertilizers Minister Ananth Kumar being the other ones.

Pray for peace talks  NSCN chief to churchesPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 8, 2014 5:38 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 5:41 am
NSCN(IM) chairman Issak Chisi Swu has asked all churches in Nagaland to organise a special prayer programme on October 19 in view of resumption of peace talks between the group and the government of India. Top NSCN(IM) leaders, including Swu, are slated to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi on that day.
While the appeal of Swu, referred to by the NSCN(IM) as “Yaruwio” (meaning president) of the “Government of the People’s Republic of Nagalim”, was conveyed through a notice to all churches across Nagaland, top leaders of the outfit have last week already held the first round of discussion with RN Ravi, chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee, who has also been appointed the Centre’s new interlocutor for the Naga peace talks.
The NSCN(IM) delegation that held its first discussion with Ravi was led by its chairman Swu and general secretary Thuingaleng Muivah, who have been camping in New Delhi for the past two weeks.
Sources said the NSCN(IM) leaders are going to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 19, a date emerging as most crucial for the Naga peace process. It was in November last year that New Delhi had held the last round of discussions, while a meeting with then prime minister Manmohan Singh, slated for December 6, 2013 was cancelled at the last moment. A delegation of the NSCN(IM) had visited New Delhi in March this year after the Centre had called off another round of talks in view of the Lok Sabha elections.
The NSCN(IM) has been on a ceasefire with the government of India since August 1, 1997, following which it has held a series of discussions with New Delhi. While the group has dropped its demand for ‘sovereignty’, it has maintained that it would continue to press for integration of all Naga-inhabited areas.

As shelling continues  ghost towns line borderThe main market in Arnia town wore a deserted look on Tuesday. Source: Express
Written by Arun Sharma | Arnia | Posted: October 8, 2014 5:36 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 7:59 am
Until last Friday, Jammu’s Arnia town was bustling with activity. Five days later, it wears a deserted look, with business establishments shut and houses locked.
Ever since Pakistan shelling killed five and injured 35 in the town and nearby Mahashey De Kothey in the early hours of Monday, more than 75 per cent of over 10,000 residents have migrated to safer places. A few people who stayed back to guard their homes are also planning to move as there has been no let up in the shelling.
It’s the same situation near the International Border (IB) at places such as Kaku de Kothey, Treva, Chanana Chak and Kotli, which too resemble ghost villages. On the directions of the district administration, locals have shifted to safer places such as school buildings and community halls.
Their fears are not unfounded. Since the early hours of Tuesday, seven people have been injured in shelling in Arnia town which, until recently, was considered out of range of small arms fire from Pakistan.
At the house of Krishan Lal, a retired BSF personnel whose daughter is getting married on December 2, painters had finished work on Monday evening. A few hours later, he was injured and the house damaged by a mortar shell.
This is the first time since 1947 that mortar shells from Pakistan have landed in the part of town adjacent to a government hospital, said Madan Lal, a local. “The shells used to land on the side of the bus stand, but our side was considered safe. It was unaffected even during the 1965 and 1971 wars,” he said.
Every day before sunset, people along the border are asked to leave their homes and move to safer places, identified by the administration. Announcements are made on loudspeakers fitted on vehicles as well as through local drum beaters.
In what is considered the biggest ceasefire violation of the year, Pakistan firing has spread from Arnia to R S Pura, Kanachak and Pargwal sectors along the IB, besides forward Indian positions along the Line of Control (LoC) in Bhimber Gali, Krishna Ghati and Kerni sectors in Rajouri and Poonch districts.
BSF Director General D K Pathak has visited various forward areas along the IB to assess the situation. At Garkhal border outpost, he told BSF personnel to be prepared to reply to any ceasefire violation.
Pointing out that as many as 40 posts were affected by firing from across the IB on Monday night, a BSF spokesperson said that troops gave “strong and befitting reply” to the Pakistan Rangers. “Firing at some places in Pargwal is still continuing,” he said on Tuesday morning.
On Tuesday, the shelling by Pakistani troops continued along the LoC at Mankote and Balnoi areas, said Defence Ministry spokesperson Lt Colonel Manish Mehta.
Since October 3, after a lull of nearly a month, continued…

Five Afghan gang rapists due to be hanged tomorrowThe crime has become a symbol of the violence that women face in Afghanistan, despite reforms since the Taliban era. (Source: Reuters)
Agence-France Presse | Kabul | Posted: October 7, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 8:19 pm
Five Afghan men are due to be hanged tomorrow for the gang rape of four women after a trial that was criticised by the United Nations and rights’ groups amid a nationwide outcry over the savage attack.
Then-president Hamid Karzai called for the men to be hanged even before their trial was held last month, and he signed their death sentences shortly before leaving office a week ago.
The armed gang members, wearing police uniforms, stopped a convoy of cars returning to Kabul at night from a wedding in Paghman, a scenic spot near the capital popular with day-trippers.
The attackers tied up men in the group before raping at least four of the women and stealing valuables from their victims.
They were found guilt at a nationally-televised trial that lasted only two hours, and the sentences were quickly confirmed by the appeals court and the Supreme Court.
“The court’s verdict on the execution of five men guilty in the Paghman robbery and rape case will be implemented tomorrow,” Atta Mohammad Noori, chief of staff at the attorney general’s office, told AFP on Wednesday.
“It is set to happen, unless there is a last-minute change in the decision.”
The crime in the early hours of August 23 has become a symbol of the violence that women face in Afghanistan, despite
reforms since the Taliban era.
But the court process raised major concerns, with the UN high commissioner for human rights and Amnesty International
calling for President Ashraf Ghani, who was sworn in last week, to stay the death penalties.
“The proceedings… risk denying adequate justice to both the victims of this terrible crime and the accused,” the UN
agency said in a statement.
Amnesty said the trials had been hurried, giving lawyers little time to prepare the defence. It was only nine days
between the arrests and the handing down of death sentences by the primary court.
“(The trials) have been marred by inconsistencies, un-investigated torture claims and political interference,” Amnesty said.

India has potential to be global supply base...India has potential to be a global supply base: Naomi Ishii, Toyota
Ketan Thakkar & Satish John, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 02.33AM IST
(Etios Cross has done better…)
World's largest carmaker Toyota Motor has had a relatively modest presence in India so far. But going ahead, the company is exploring the possibility of making India the global supply base for the parent in addition to setting up a possible local R&D, the carmaker's India head said in an interview. Naomi Ishii, 48, is one of the youngest managing directors at Toyota.
Ishii has been specially deputed to India to define the long-term road map for the company, a job he did at the headquarters for years. In an interview to ET, Ishii says Toyota is serious about India. That actions are showing results and Toyota is indeed moving from central decision-making to facilitating its local base to have a say. Edited Excerpts:
After a good run in FY12, you have faced an immense pressure on market share. Can you regain your earlier volumes and market share?
If you see our performance in the past six months, we have seen an improvement due to improved sentiment and efforts by our sales and marketing team. We are strong in the.`12-lakh plus car segment. Both Innova and Fortuner are segment leaders. After the launch of new Corolla, it has acquired the segment leadership.
Camry's sales, after the launch of the hybrid model, have doubled or tripled, albeit on a low base. In fact, we now have a waiting period for some products, like Etios Cross and Corolla.
Etios Cross has done better than my expectation of selling over 1,500 units per month. However, the challenge lies in Etios and Liva. We recognise that sales are not so good compared to our expectations.
What's the way ahead for Etios and Liva?
We have adjusted our expectations and readjusted our business plan on both these models. We will not lose money. We have stopped discounting on these products since April. Discount can give us volumes, but it kills the brand image. And once the brand image is destroyed, it is difficult to convince customers that it's a premium product. We are searching for real Etios and Liva customers. We are not pushing them in the market. We are looking at adding more market in the interiors of the country.
Your initial responsibility was to create a mid- and long-term plan for India. Are you ready with one?
We are working very hard with our stakeholders — both in India and Japan — to come up with a concrete mid- and long-term plan, including product portfolio and business plan.
We are in agreement; still some official process has to be completed. Our headquarters now realises the importance of India. It was not so in the past. Narendra Modiji's visit to Japan was fantastic and it had a big influence on Toyota Motor.
How are you changing your approach in India?
We have been updating our headquarters about the potential of India —how India is attractive not only in terms of market size but also as a global supply base. Modi's address to stakeholders in Japan reiterated the same thing. It was a clear vindication of what we've been saying.
So, what we have been doing is inviting at least 2-3 executives from Japan every week and update them about the potential the Indian market holds. So, inch by inch, we are trying to change the mindset about India. Core of the strategy as to why we should think about India is to make them see the potential of the Indian market. By 2030, can we say that the market in Japan, the US, Europe will double? No. China? Don't even try, there is always some risk.
  Indonesia, no way. Only India has the market potential to exceed 10-million mark — some say by 2020, while some say by 2025. And that too is not the end, it will further grow. If we are not able to have some sort of a base or presence, then what will happen to Toyota as a global carmaker? Both these aspects are becoming increasingly clear message to Toyota Motor.
What are the three things you have done since you have been in India?
We reconciled our sales situation in a sustainable way. We have visualised our mid- and long-term strategy, clearly right until 2019-2020. Thirdly, we have regained the confidence of Toyota Kirloskar from our stakeholders in Japan and affiliated companies. This is something we are proud of. There is a dramatic perceptional change in the last nine months.
What is the critical change you are bringing about in India?
Compared to 20 years ago, the local business plan has to be in co-ordination with the central business plan. In the past, the car industry was not that complicated, if you provided a better car, people would buy. But due to rapid changes in 'corporate average fuel economy regulations' or CAFE, emission norms and safety norms are determining the pace of auto industry growth. What added to the complication is that each country has its own regulation and speed of implementation which requires additional level of R&D resources. If you do central business plan making, then there is no flexibility. Toyota is transitioning from central decision-making to helping local base to have a say.

UltraTech eyes Jaypee Group s three cement plantsUltraTech eyes Jaypee Group's three cement plants in Madhya Pradesh
PTI Oct 7, 2014, 05.41PM IST
Tags:
Aditya Birla
(On the BSE, shares of UltraTech fell…)
NEW DELHI: Aditya Birla group firm Ultratech Cement is believed to be looking at possible acquisition of Jaypee Group's three cement plants in Madhya Pradesh in a deal that could be worth about Rs 5,500-6,000 crore.
While investment banking sources involved in the talks said that the discussions are currently under way for a possible deal, a spokesperson for UltraTech declined to comment on queries in this regard.
When contacted, Jaypee Group spokesperson Askari Zaidi denied any plans for sale of these plants.
"This information is not correct. The company has no plan to sell its Reva cement plants," he said.
Sources, however, maintained that UltraTech is looking to acquire the three cement plants of Jaypee Group in Reva, Madhya Pradesh and pegged the valuation at around Rs 5,500- 6,000 crore. They added that the discussions are currently focussed mainly on valuation part.
In the June quarter, UltraTech had completed the acquisition of Gujarat units of Jaypee Cement Corp comprising an integrated unit at Sewagram and a grinding unit at Wanakbori with a combined capacity of 4.8 million tonnes per annum.
A leading market player, UltraTech is into manufacturing grey cement, ready mix concrete and white cement in the country. The company has an installed capacity of 62 million tonnes per annum for grey cement.
Ultratech has 12 integrated plants, 16 grinding units and six bulk terminals, among others, as per its website.
A diversified entity, Jaypee Group has good presence in the cement sector.
According to its website, it produces special blend of portland pozzolana cement and has an aggregate capacity of 33.8 million tonnes per annum.
In recent times, Jaypee Group has been looking to divest some of its assets across sectors, as part of larger efforts to bring down its debt burden.
On the BSE, shares of UltraTech fell over three per cent to close at Rs 2,558.90 while the scrip of Jaiprakash Associates gained more than two per cent to close at Rs 27.30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

6.2-magnitude quake strikes near Mexican coastMEXICO CITY, October 8, 2014
Updated: October 8, 2014 10:35 IST
6.2-magnitude quake strikes near Mexican coast
AP
Tweet
This image downloaded off the U.S. Geological Survey’s earthquake page locates the epicentre of the 6.2 earthquake that hit the Sea of Cortez between the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula and mainland Mexico on Tuesday evening local time.
This screenshot from the U.S. Geological Survey’s earthquake page locates the epicentre of the 6.2 earthquake that hit the Sea of Cortez between the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula and mainland Mexico on Tuesday evening local time.
TOPICS

3 CISF personnel shot dead by colleague in KalpakkamUpdated: October 9, 2014 01:07 IST
3 CISF personnel shot dead by colleague in Kalpakkam
V. Venkatasubramanian
Tweet
The Hindu CISF officials place a wreath on the body of personnel killed in a random shooting incident at Kalpakkam Barracks on Wednesday. Photo D. Gopalakrishnan
The Hindu A front view of the Madras Atomic Power Station at Kalpakkam near Chennai. File Photo: S.S.Kumar
TOPICS
crime
The incident took place at around 5:15 a.m., when the CISF personnel were asked to fall in line for roll call
Three CISF personnel were killed and two others sustained injuries after one of their colleagues, under stress, allegedly opened fire on Wendesday morning at Central Industrial Security Force unit camp premises at Kalpakkam.
According to the police, the incident took place at around 4.30 a.m. at the CISF Barracks in Kalpakkam township where the CISF personnel were asked to fall in line for roll call. The CISF unit at Kalpakkam, having a strength of around 110 personnel, has been entrusted with the responsibility providing security to the nearby Madras Atomic Power Plant complex, where IGCAR and Bhavini plants were also situated.
The accused, Vijay PrataphSingh (43) of Karsana Village, Uttar Pradesh, serving as head constable, reported for the duty and took possession of a 9 mm gun and 60 bullets from the weapons store located in the same premises.
Later, police said, he went to the first floor of the barracks and fired at Mohan Singh (57) of Rajasthan, another head constable in-charge of assigning duties to personnel attached to the unit.
After coming down from the first floor, he opened fire at the Assistant Sub-Inspector, Ganesan (58) of Thalavaipatti hamlet in Salem district, Tamil Nadu, another ASI, Prataph Singh of Kandiyal village in Uttarkhand, head constable, Subbaraj (54) of Chinnareddipatti hamlet in Madurai District, Tamil Nadu and a constable, Govardhana Prasad (42) of Lambri hamlet in Jammu and Kashmir, who were standing at the portico for reporting to the duty.
Later, the accused was nabbed and locked up in a room with his hand tied by the other CISF personnel present at the barracks.
While, Ganesan and Subbaraj died on the spot, Mr. Prataph Singh sustained bullet injuries on his stomach and Mr. Prasad on his left leg. The injured persons were rushed to a private hospital at Kelambakkam where they were admitted as in-patients.
The Kancheepuram Police District Superintendent, C.Vijayakumar rushed to the spot and conducted the inquiry. Preliminary investigations reveal that the accused, who was transferred to Kalpakkam recently from Narora power plant in Uttar Pradesh, was suffering from stress caused due to heavy workload. The Kalpakkam police have registered a case under sections 307 and 302 of IPC.

Bigg Boss 8: Karishma calls Gautam a loser and all hell breaks loseJust as Saif tattooed his wife Kareena's name on his hand, in Tuesday's episode you'll see that British actor-model Upen Patel too has tatooed Sonali's name on his arm. Just that he did it as part of a task.
  
Karishma Tanna was 'mortified' to see Dimpy Mahajan on Bigg Boss 8.
 
That's where it started: Karishma, as part of her task, used everything from slippers to chilli powder and chilli paste to irritate the opposing team, including Gautam.
Gautam lost his cool and abused Karishma twice, infuriating her as well as the other contestants.
Karishma was extremely hurt when Gautam abused her for performing her part of the task.
Even as Puneet Issar played the grandad on the show, making the kids (Karishma and Gautam) kiss and forgive, he broke down into tears.
In the meanwhile, Natasha breaks down after a task and pleads Bigg Boss to let her leave. She says that she can't play the game and adds that the fights and tasks are taking a toll on her. Interestingly, Karishma and Soni support her request. Natasha even starts to pack her stuff when Bigg Boss doesn't respond to her constant pleas.
Meanwhile, the girls in the house are seen bitching about Gautam and Sonali. Karishma, Soni and Diandra are seen discussing how uncouth Sonali is and how Gautam touched her during the task calling him a "loser". Soni even apes Sonali’s accent.

Jahnvi turns mascot for campaign to trace missing childrenJahnvi turns mascot for campaign to trace missing children
PTI  New Delhi, October 07, 2014
First Published: 19:10 IST(7/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:43 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
Jahnvi, the three-year-old girl who was reunited with her family on Sunday after she went missing in the national capital, has turned mascot for a campaign to help trace missing children in the country.
The campaign 'Bring Back Angels' spearheaded by Jatin Kakkar, who along with Chandigarh-based NGO Salaam Zindagi had led an initiative on social networking website Facebook and messaging application 'Whatsapp' to spread the word about Jhanvi, would utilise the social media as a tool to trace children who disappear every year.
"On Facebook, we put one picture of Jahnvi that could draw people towards her and started the campaign 'Bring Back Jahnvi'. In a single day, hundreds of people linked to us and till now there are more than 50,000 followers on the page," Kakkar said.
"A group was created on Whatsapp and information about Jahnvi's disappearance was shared with around 1,500 to 2,000 contacts," he added.
Kakkar said Jahnvi's story could be touted as a success story for social media. He urged kin of missing children to upload information about them on the Facebook page to reach out to lakhs of people to help locate the victims.
"Although, the police asked us not to spread the message so much on media fearing that it could even work as a deterrent in finding the child, we went ahead as we wanted to do more than just light candles and hold protest marches," he said.
Asked why he chose to use social media during such a situation, Kakkar said, "Illiteracy is widespread in our country but Facebook is one thing that even a rickshaw-wallah uses these days."
Jahnvi's mother Sheetal said, "I don't even want to recall the eight days that I have spent without her, I just hope this doesn't happen to anyone's child."
At a press conference, Jhanvi posed with a picture of the son of Gokulpuri-resident Meena Kumari, who has been reported missing since March, 2011.
"Bhaiya ko dhoondo" (Look for my brother) says Jhanvi, who had gone missing from India Gate in the heart of Delhi on September 28 and was found in Janakpuri area and a placard hanging from her neck with the name and contact number of her father.

5 themes likely to drive Indian equities ahead: BoA MerrillOct 07, 2014, 05.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
5 themes likely to drive Indian equities ahead: BoA Merrill
Bank of America Merrill Lynch expects India Inc's earnings to double over the next four years as margins have rebounded from their lows.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
5 themes likely to drive Indian equities ahead: BoA Merrill
Bank of America Merrill Lynch expects India Inc's earnings to double over the next four years as margins have rebounded from their lows.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
With the pro-reform Narendra Modi led-government coming to power as the first majority government in 30 years at the Centre, India’s political landscape has changed dramatically. Given this strong political mandate, there will be changes to India’s economic factors, which will set the equity markets' direction in the days to come.
In a research report titled India Equity Strategy, Bank of America Merrill Lynch has identified five evolving themes which investors should keep a close eye on. This report authored by research analysts Jyotivardhan Jaipuria and Anand Kumar.
Here are the excerpts from the report:
Urban income should grow faster than rural income
Acceleration in GDP growth along with lower interest rates should lead to urban income rising faster than over the past five years. Rural income will likely continue to grow at a healthy clip but probably slower than the past five years as product prices increase at a slower pace and rural wage growth eases off.
Rupee depreciation should give way to stable currency
Over the past five years, rupee has depreciated 27 percent. Near-term worries of USD strength aside, we think the currency will be flat to slightly stronger over the next five years current account deficit and RBI re-coups reserves. We see the currency in the near term being flattish in the Rs 58-62/USD range and over the next five years appreciating slightly.
From rising interest rates to falling interest rates
Over the past five years, interest rates have risen 300bp. We think a lower fiscal deficit and lower inflation will enable the RBI to cut rates.
From earnings downgrades to earnings upgrades
From a sharp spell of earnings downgrades over the past few years, we expect earnings to be upgraded from next year. Over four years, we see earnings in India doubling as operating leverage leads to mean reversion in margins.
Investment spend to drive GDP
This is a late cycle play and will probably be seen over the next 24 months as business confidence improves and government accelerates project clearances.
RELATED NEWS

IndiGo posts profit for 6th straight year at Rs 317 crOct 07, 2014, 07.10 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IndiGo posts profit for 6th straight year at Rs 317 cr
IndiGo, India's biggest airline by market share, posted Rs 317-crore net profit for the year-ended March 31, 2014, compared to Rs 787 crore a year earlier, according to results filed with the registrar of companies.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IndiGo posts profit for 6th straight year at Rs 317 cr
IndiGo, India's biggest airline by market share, posted Rs 317-crore net profit for the year-ended March 31, 2014, compared to Rs 787 crore a year earlier, according to results filed with the registrar of companies.
Post your opinion here
 
IndiGo has posted profits for the sixth straight year. The airline has cemented its position as the most profitable carrier in the sector, but profits have halved due to currency fluctuations and price wars. However, this will bolster Indigo's IPO plans.
IndiGo, India's biggest airline by market share, posted Rs 317-crore net profit for the year-ended March 31, 2014, compared to Rs 787 crore a year earlier, according to results filed with the registrar of companies.
Most airlines in the country are troubled on the back of rising airline costs and fuel rates (aviation turbine fuel). Rupee depreciation and price wars are some of the reasons that led to the fall in IndiGo’s profit.
In recent times, the low-cost carrier has also lost as many as 40 commanders or senior pilots mainly to Gulf carriers in the last one year.
RELATED NEWS

Here s how realtors woo home buyers this festive seasonOct 06, 2014, 08.24 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here's how realtors woo home buyers this festive season
This festive season should be a cheerful one for India's property market. Prime Property finds out why this Dussehra and Diwali is big for Mumbai’s real estate market.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here's how realtors woo home buyers this festive season
This festive season should be a cheerful one for India's property market. Prime Property finds out why this Dussehra and Diwali is big for Mumbai’s real estate market.
Post your opinion here

Arvind may head lower  says Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Arvind may head lower, says Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is of the view that Arvind can head lower.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " Arvind is a short-term trade because after the stupendous rally it is not that the trend has changed but even a correction can feel like a bear market in Arvind. I think that will happen because in the last four-five days it was in a trading range. Yesterday together with many other midcaps it broke down from that range. So we are looking at lower levels in Arvind. Don’t make this into a long-term short, it is just for a few days, it is a swing trade."
At 09:21 hrs Arvind was quoting at Rs 290.15, up Rs 4.75, or 1.66 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 290.15 and an intraday low of Rs 285.50.
RELATED NEWS

BJP will win comfortably in Haryana: Sushma Swaraj17
0
Kaithal: Union Minister Sushma Swaraj on Tuesday said that the BJP would "comfortably" win 50 plus seats in the Haryana assembly polls. "BJP's mission is 50 plus seats in Haryana polls and the party will achieve it comfortably," she said.
Addressing a public meeting in favour of BJP candidate from Kaithal, Rao Surinder Singh, she said that she had predicted victory for her party on 272 plus seats in the recent Lok Sabha elections and it went on to win 284 seats.
Sushma said that the people of Haryana owed it to Prime Minister Narendra Modi to give a decisive mandate to BJP as he had given representation to as many as four persons hailing from Haryana in different ministries.
"BJP's mission is 50 plus seats in Haryana polls and the party will achieve it comfortably," Sushma Swaraj said.
#haryana #haryana assembly elections 2014 #bjp #sushma swaraj
She said that this election was more important for the BJP than any other as this was the first time that it was aiming to form its own government rather than have a coalition partner with some other party.
The union minister said that Haryana always had a government which believed in "hekri" (arrogance) or loot. The BJP, if voted to power, would give to the people a government with polite leadership and clean administration, she said.      It would give representation to all castes and areas in power-sharing after forming the government, she said.
Sushma said that during her visit to the US recently, when asked by foreign ministers of various countries which region of India she hails from, she told them with pride that she was from Haryana.
"So Haryana has come on the international map thanks to the BJP government at the Centre," she observed. The BJP leader said the party in its manifesto had taken care of all the categories of people.
For example old age pension would be increased from Rs 1000 to Rs 2000 and there would be an unemployment allowance for youth. Senior citizens, she said, would be given the facility of free pilgrimage with adequate security and a helper as being done in Madhya Pradesh. BJP would also provide free bus passes to girl students, she added.
0

West Bengal: New faces of terror surface with Burdwan blast69
0
Kolkata: An accidental blast at a jihadi explosive manufacturing centre in West Bengal's Burdwan district earlier this week has raised concerns about an al Qaeda-linked Bangladeshi terror outfit being active in India.
Razia and Amina, both in their early twenties and mother of infants, are the latest faces of terror. Tenants at a two-storey building owned by a TMC worker on the fringes of Burdwan town, the two burqa clad women reportedly never batted an eyelid when an explosion at the house blew Razia's husband Shakeel Ahmed to pieces and killed another terrorist. Amina's husband Abdul Hakim was also injured in the blast.
"The women must have been trained. Even after such an incident they were very absolutely calm. They had no tears in their eyes. Seeing them it was difficult to believe that their husbands were dead or injured from the blast a short while ago," said a neighbour.
#burdwan blast #explosion #blast #kolkata
The women resisted police entry and tried to destroy critical evidence. Investigators say they are members of the al Qaeda-linked Bangladeshi terror outfit Jamaat-Ul-Mujahedeen.
Their neighbours are visibly shocked. "We never had the slightest inkling that they were up to such things. Else we would have lynched them. We would never tolerate such things here. They have put us to shame," Chowdhury Moula Ali, another neighbour said.
It is indeed difficult to comprehend how families of seemingly ordinary profiles could have direct connections with international terror modules. While investigating agencies continue to unearth fresh evidences of just how widespread this terror network may have been, they agree that the female jihadists arrested from this house would be hard to crack.
Some 55 improvised explosive devices were found at the house. Rs 44,000 in cash was recovered from Amina suggesting the group had a steady supply of cash. Police also found evidence of jihadi activities at localities in Nadia and Murshidabad districts from where these families had migrated.
Investigators are now hunting for a man, Kausar, who is a Bangladeshi national. He was acting as a conduit who transported the finished IEDs to their intended destinations. But for now these women and these two men, Hakim and Hasem Mollah, hold the key to the investigation. But the state police's decision to defuse explosives at the house, even before central investigating agencies arrived is being viewed as a setback.
53

Blood moon  eclipse to grace skies todayOct 08, 2014 at  12:04pm IST
'Blood moon' eclipse to grace skies today
Watch live: 'Blood moon' total lunar eclipse
New Delhi: Early risers across much of the world are in for a treat on Wednesday morning - a total lunar eclipse, also known as a "blood moon" due to the coppery, reddish colour the moon takes as it passes into Earth's shadow.
In India, the total lunar eclipse will start from 2.45 pm and continue till 6.05 pm IST.
In India, the total lunar eclipse will start from 2.45 pm and continue till 6.05 pm IST.
#total lunar eclipse #lunar eclipse #india #delhi
The total eclipse is the second of four over a two-year period that began April 15 and concludes on September 28, 2015. The so-called tetrad is unusual because the full eclipses are visible in all or parts of the United States, according to retired NASA astrophysicist Fred Espenak.
Weather permitting, Wednesday's eclipse should be visible to skywatchers in North America, Australia, western South America and parts of East Asia. The eclipse should reach totality just before sunrise, at 6:25 am EDT.
If cloudy skies are a problem, both NASA.gov and Slooh.com will be hosting live webcasts. NASA's begins at 3 am EDT and Slooh's at 5 am EDT.
An eclipse occurs when the moon passes through Earth's shadow, called the umbra.
As for the reddish hue, Tony Phillips, an astronomer with SpaceWeather.com, says to imagine yourself on the moon: "Overhead hangs Earth, nightside down, completely hiding the sun behind it. The eclipse is under way. You might expect Earth to be utterly dark, but ... the rim of the planet is on fire."
"You're seeing every sunrise and every sunset in the world, all at once," Phillips wrote in an article on NASA's science website.
The light beams into Earth's shadow, filling it with a coppery glow that colors the moon red, he said.
The entire eclipse will be visible from the Pacific Ocean, regions immediately bordering it and the northwestern section of North America. Farther east, the later phases of the eclipse occur after moonset. The eclipse will not be visible from Europe, Africa and the Middle East, NASA said.
82

Pakistan continues to violate ceasefire at the International Border  targets 50 BSF postsOct 08, 2014 at  11:25am IST
Pakistan continues to violate ceasefire at the International Border, targets 50 BSF posts
26
2
Jammu: The International Border with Pakistan remains tense as firing continued in 7 sectors of Jammu and Kashmir - Hira nagar, Sambha, Arnia, RS Pura, Kanachak, Pargwal and Ramgarh. As many as 50 border security force (BSF) posts were targetted in the shelling that continued till 7 am on Wednesday morning. However, no fresh overnight firing has been reported along the Line of Control on Wednesday.
Pakistani troops had targeted over 40 Border Out Posts and 25 border hamlets with heavy mortar shells in Jammu sector and LoC areas in Poonch district on Tuesday. Twelve people including a Junior Commissioned Officer were injured in the firing.
Defence Minister Arun Jaitley held a meeting with the chiefs of the Indian Army, Navy and the Air Force on Tuesday. Toughening its stand on the border situation, India has put on hold the flag meeting with the Pakistan Army, and has decided to wait for Islamabad to make the first move.
#pakistan #loc #line of control #international border
"The Border Security Force (BSF) has been asked to put on hold the proposal for flag meeting with Pakistan. India has now decided to wait for Pakistan to make the first move," sources in the government said.
The shelling on Tuesday came despite an early morning meeting between the Directors General of Military Operation (DGMO) of both sides where they accused each other of violating the ceasefire. Officials of the Directorate General of Military Operations (DGMOs) of the two countries talked over hotline for five minutes during which both the sides accused each other of violating the ceasefire, Army sources said in Delhi.
Pakistan, however, blamed India for the violations. "It is sad that the Indian government has not been able to restrain its forces despite strong diplomatic protest by Pakistan," Advisor to the Pakistan Prime Minister Sartaj Aziz said.
Meanwhile, India has maintained that it will give a fitting reply if Pakistan didn't stop the firing.
"We want to secure our borders. Pakistan had started action on the bordr. We have told Pakistan to stop ceasefire violation or else India will give a fitting reply. Pakistan should understand this," Home Minister Rajnath Singh said.
The Border Security Force (BSF) has submitted a report on the ceasefire violations to the Home Ministry. Government sources said that it was clear that infiltration attempts were underway.
As a precautionary measure, over a 1000 people have been shifted to camps overnight. "There are a total of 57 border villages but around 30 have been affected in the firing and people from those villages have moved to the camps. Arrangements have been made for blankets and other essentials at the camp and all possible arrangements will be made soon," Deputy Commissioner Kathua Dr Shahid Iqbal said.
9

NASA selects new science teams for astrobiology researchOct 07, 2014 at 05:15pm IST
NASA selects new science teams for astrobiology research
9
0
Washington: NASA has awarded five-year grants totalling almost USD 50 million to seven research teams in the US to study the origins, evolution, distribution and future of life in the universe.
"With the Curiosity rover characterising the potential habitability of Mars, the Kepler mission discovering new planets outside our solar system, and Mars 2020 on the horizon, these research teams will provide the critical interdisciplinary expertise to help interpret data from these missions and future astrobiology-focused missions," said Jim Green, director, Planetary Science Division, at NASA Headquarters, Washington.
Average funding for each team will be approximately USD 8 million. The interdisciplinary teams will become members of the NASA Astrobiology Institute (NAI), headquartered at NASA's Ames Research Center, Moffett Field, California.
The team at University of California, Riverside will examine the history of oxygen in Earth's atmosphere and ocean between 3.2 and 0.7 billion years ago.
#nasa #astrobiology focused missions #moffett field #california
The selected teams include NASA's Goddard Space Flight Centre, Greenbelt, Maryland; NASA's Ames Research Centre, Moffett Field, California; NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, California; The SETI Institute in Mountain View, California; University of Colorado in Boulder; University of California, Riverside; and University of Montana in Missoula.
At NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Maryland, the research team will investigate one theorised source of Earth's water and the organic molecules needed for life: comets and the other small bodies in our solar system.
At NASA's Ames Research Center, Moffett Field, California researchers will address the chemistry which occurred to create the organic molecules that may have been brought to the early Earth by comets and other small bodies.
The team at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, California will conduct laboratory experiments and field research in environments on Earth, such as The Cedars in Northern California, to understand habitability of extraterrestrial icy worlds such as Europa and Ganymede.
The SETI Institute in Mountain View, California will conduct research to produce guiding principles to better understand where to search for life, what to search for, and how to recognise finding evidence of past or current life. The goal of the proposed research is to best prepare for NASA's Mars 2020 rover.
The University of Colorado in Boulder team will study what scientists call "Rock-Powered Life." Rocky planets store enormous amounts of chemical energy that, when released through the interaction of rocks with water, can power living systems on Earth, as well as on other planets such as Mars.
The team at University of California, Riverside will examine the history of oxygen in Earth's atmosphere and ocean between 3.2 and 0.7 billion years ago.
The team at University of Montana in Missoula will look to unlock the secrets of life's transitions from small "units" conducting simple chemical reactions to self-organising, self-reproducing, energy-gathering systems that range in complexity from single cells to ecosystems.
10

Memo to Warren Buffett: Actually  women are better than men at managing moneyThe comment evoked the comedic stylings of a bygone era , although given Buffett’s  reputation for thrift , he may not have been joking.
But the stereotype that the comment revived, about women and spending, turns out to be off base.
That’s because women are better at managing debt than men are, according to Experian , an information services company that has studied the financial habits of both sexes.
Men incur 4.3% more debt and use 2% more of their available credit than women do. They also fall behind on their mortgage payments 7% more often, and trail women when it comes to credit scores—according to Experian, women have an average score of 675, which is one point better than their counterparts who carry a Y chromosome .
“When looking closer at our data and cross-referencing it with other data sources, we see that women working full-time in the U.S. earn approximately 23% less income than men but that women are taking steps to manage their finances better than men,” Michele Raneri, Experian’s vice president for analytics, said in the statement  that accompanied the study’s release last year.
Women also are more likely than men to get their families out of financial trouble, experts say.
“We often see the women will do almost anything to keep the household afloat,” Lea Loethen, a counselor with the nonprofit credit counseling agency American Financial Solutions told Bankrate.com .
Share this:

Snapshots from Shah Rukh s SLAM tourCelebrity
Live performances from SLAM! The Tour
SRK, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood, Vivaan Shah and Farah Khan have been promoting their upcoming movie 'Happy New Year' on their promotional venture SLAM! The Tour. A dekho
Vancouver and San Jose concerts where the two cities where the US/ Canada part of the tour concluded recently.
1 / 30

Fears of big lay offs as Yahoo set to downsize engineering India opsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Money Market Operations as on October 07  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pre Session- Sensex to open lower on Asia sell-offThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

WKL to continue remaining league in India  final in PakistanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Maruti Suzuki to be watched after good production numbersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Flash sale stumble: Will apology salvage Flipkart s brandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Brent falls to near $91 on global growth  oil glut concernsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Market in green; capital goods upThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Markets open weak;Infosys down 1%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Centre clears 19 defence proposalsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Definetly but not in shorter term...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Fortunately  manaksia was not in that djia . if it was  the index may ...Platinum Member
86 Followers
It is not a trading co. It is only a manufacturing co with very good marketing network. It is a very low profile co with very good valuations.The promoters are holding 63% directly and 20% shareholders are with them. The main problem with them is they are not interested in increasing value for their holding.
8.19 AM Oct 8th

Should move towards 400 in a month if demerger is due in nov.131 Followers
ICICIdirect.com`s research report on  Mastek
“Mastek has announced the restructuring of its insurance business into a separate entity to better leverage existing IP capabilities and capital allocation strategies. The sub-optimal performance of the company was driven by disproportionate capital allocation (product development expenses of Rs 57 crore in FY14 vs. PAT of Rs 52 crore) to insurance practice (55% of revenues). Further, these investments were generally penalised given the large gestation period and led to Mastek being valued at a significant discount to pure-play IT services despite intrinsic value in the products business. The restructuring, we believe, has the potential to create substantial shareholder value while investor exposure could mirror individual risk-reward appetite. Our comparable analysis suggests Rs 350- 400/share value for the insurance piece while Rs 110-150/share could be attributed to the services business.”

I received the dividend yesterday. 10% dividend.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

DIPP clears 19 proposals for defence productionDIPP clears 19 proposals for defence production
Our Bureau
Firms include Reliance Aerospace, Bharat Forge and Punj Lloyd
New Delhi, October 7:  
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) has cleared applications for industrial licences for defence production from major players such as Reliance Aerospace Technologies, Bharat Forge, Mahindra Telephonic Integrated Systems Ltd, Punj Lloyd and Tata Advanced Materials Ltd.
The Licensing Committee chaired by the DIPP Secretary last week cleared a total of 19 proposals for industrial licences many of which were in the defence sector, according to an official release.
Some of the applications were pending for a long time.
Easing rules
The Committee also discussed the possibility of removal of stipulation of annual capacity in the industrial licence and also to permit sale of licensed items to other entities under the control of the Home Ministry, State Governments, PSUs and other valid defence licensed companies without requiring approval of Department of Defence Production.
It was agreed that the above stipulation would be relaxed subject to submission of bi-annual returns by the unit, the release added.
The DIPP would shortly notify the above decision by issuing a Press Note.
Pending cases
In case of 14 pending defence applications, applicants were informed that licenses were not required anymore as a vast number of defence items had been delicensed.
“It has been possible to approve these cases as a consequence of the simplification of FDI policy through Press Note 7 which has raised the FDI cap in defence from 26 per cent to 49 per cent and permitted portfolio investments up to 24 per cent of the total equity of the investee and joint venture company under automatic route,” the release said.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Nokia to suspend production at Sriperumbudur plantNokia to suspend production at Sriperumbudur plant
Our Bureau
Nokia's plant at Sriperumbudur, near Chennai
Chennai, Oct 7:  
Nokia will suspend handset production operations at its Sriperumbudur facility from November 1 post termination of services agreement with software major Microsoft.
Due to the liens on the Nokia handset manufacturing facility in Chennai, the plant was left out of the Devices & Services deal with Microsoft, which closed on April 25, 2014. As a consequence, Nokia entered into a transitional services agreement with Microsoft to address its immediate production needs and keep the factory operational.
Microsoft has informed Nokia that it will be terminating manufacturing services defined in the agreement with effect from November 1, 2014.
In absence of further orders from Microsoft, Nokia will suspend handset production at the Sriperumbudur facility from November 1, a company spokesperson said in a statement.
The continuing asset freeze imposed by the Tax Department prevents Nokia from exploring potential opportunities for the transfer of the factory to a successor to support the long term viability of the established, fully functional electronics manufacturing ecosystem.
Nokia will be informing all stakeholders including the Labour Commissioner of the suspension.
Nokia is currently evaluating options to minimise the impact on existing employees at the manufacturing facility. It will share further information once details have been finalised, the statement said.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

China services PMI growth weakens slightly in SeptChina services PMI growth weakens slightly in Sept
Reuters | Beijing Oct 08, 2014 07:36 AM IST
Growth in China's services sector weakened slightly in September as new business cooled, a private survey showed on Wednesday, reinforcing signs of a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy that could prompt more stimulus measures.
The services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
A reading above 50 in PMI surveys indicates an expansion in activity while one below that threshold points to a contraction.
A sub-index measuring new business fell to 53.2 in September from a 19-month high of 53.9 in August, but sub-indexes measuring employment and outstanding business both inched up, painting a mixed picture.
"Overall, the services sector held up in September, despite the downward pressure seen in the manufacturing sector. We think risks to growth in the near term are still on the downside, and warrant accommodative monetary as well as fiscal policies," said Qu Hongbin, chief China economist at HSBC.
An official survey released last week showed that the services sector grew at its slowest pace in eight months in September after new orders shrank for the first time since the 2008 global financial crisis, exposing more weakness in the world's second-largest economy.
The services sector made up 46.1 percent of gross domestic product in 2013, surpassing the secondary sector - manufacturing and construction - for the first time, as the government aims to create more jobs and boost domestic consumption.
DOWNSIDE RISKS
Last week, a pair of surveys showed China's manufacturing sector held up in September but remained subdued in a sign that the economy is still struggling to recover its growth momentum -despite recent policy support.
Steps unveiled since April included reserve requirement cuts for selected banks and faster investment in railways and public housing. But much of their broader impact may have been offset by a cooling property market and tighter credit as banks grow more cautious about lending as the economy cools.
In a bid to avert a deeper slide in the housing market, China's central bank and banking regulator relaxed lending rules for second-home buyers on Sept. 30 by giving them a 30 percent discount on mortgage rates and cutting their down payment levels to 30 percent from 60-70 percent.
"We think the easing lending condition is more impactful compared with unwinding of previous housing purchase restrictions. As such, we expect the systemic risk arising from property sector to be contained," OCBC said in a research note on Wednesday.
Other economists are not so sure. A glut of unsold and unoccupied homes and buyers' expectations of further price declines could temper any rebound.
The central bank said on Sunday it will use various monetary tools to maintain adequate liquidity and reasonable growth in credit and social financing.
Analysts expect more policy measures will be needed to help achieve the government's growth target of around 7.5 percent this year, although any dramatic stimulus looks unlikely as reform-minded top leaders have shown greater tolerance for slower growth.
The government is due to release September data on trade, bank lending, investment and factory output in the coming week or so, leading up to third-quarter GDP on Oct. 21
"The upcoming September data release will likely show a tentative improvement in real economic activity, but unlikely be
strong enough to prevent full third-quarter growth from falling to 7.1 percent year on year, adding pressure on the government to further intensify policy support," Tao Wang, China economist at USB, said in a note.
The economy expanded by 7.5 percent in the second quarter on-year.

Worst of NPA trouble is behind us: Rakesh SharmaWorst NPA trouble behind us: Rakesh Sharma
Somasroy Chakraborty | Kolkata Oct 10, 2014 11:45 PM IST
Rakesh Sharma joined Lakshmi Vilas Bank as managing director and CEO in March 2014. Prior to this assignment, he was State Bank of India (SBI)’s chief general manager for Patna circle. In an interview with Somasroy Chakraborty, Sharma says the old-generation private sector bank is confident of trimming its bad assets in the coming quarters, despite the uncertain macro-economic environment. Edited excerpts:
Are you worried about the deteriorating health of bank credit?
There is pressure on credit quality. But we have tightened our loan sanction process, strengthened credit monitoring system and stepped up recovery efforts. These initiatives have helped reduce our bad loans. Our gross non-performing asset (NPA) ratio was at 3.96 per  cent at the end of June, compared to 4.19 per cent in March and 5.60 per cent in December.
I believe we have seen the worst in terms of asset quality deterioration and now it is behind us. We are hopeful that we will be able to improve our credit quality further and reduce the gross NPA ratio below three per cent by the end of this financial year.
What is making you optimistic?
We have strengthened our systems and processes. I’m personally monitoring the recovery efforts in some of the stressed accounts. We are now shifting our focus to retail and SME (small and medium enterprise) segments. Also, as the economy improves the stress in the system will reduce.
The credit demand has remained largely muted. What are your growth expectations for 2014-15?
We expect 20 per cent growth in our advances on a year-on-year basis. But this is mainly because our base was small. In the first six months of this financial year,  the growth has been slow. With the festive season beginning, we are hoping for some improvement in demand. There are a few good proposals that we are currently evaluating, which will help us grow our loan portfolio.
With deposit rates staying high, do you expect pressure on your net interest margin in the coming quarters?
Our net interest margin was at 2.5 per cent at the end of the first quarter, compared to 2.87 per cent at the end of March 2014.
We are aiming to improve it to 3 per cent by the end of this financial year, by increasing the share of low-cost CASA (current account savings account) deposits in our total deposits.
We are looking to expand our CASA ratio to 16.5 per cent from 14.22 per cent. We have started offering higher interest rate for savings deposits over Rs 1 lakh.
Also, we have restructured some of our term deposit rates in September after evaluating our asset-liability position.
The bank’s capital adequacy ratio was 10.9 per cent under Basel-III norms at the end of March 2014. How much has been the improvement in your capital adequacy ratio following the rights issue? Are you planning to raise more money in the near-term to strengthen capital base further?
We raised Rs 406 crore through rights issue, which has improved our capital adequacy ratio to 14.6 per cent. At this moment, we have sufficient capital to finance our business growth.
Hence, we have no immediate plan to raise capital in the near term.

FII investments in Indian equity markets falls to 7-month low: 7 factsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

American Held Hostage By ISIS:  I Am Obviously Pretty Scared To DiePrevious Story
Next Story
Peter Kassig, Indiana Aid Worker Threatened With Beheading By Islamic State, Wrote That's He's Afraid To Die
Posted:
reddit
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — An Indiana aid worker threatened with beheading by the Islamic State group said in a June letter that he's afraid to die and is saddened by the pain his captivity must be causing his family, his parents said Sunday.
In a statement released to media, Ed and Paula Kassig said their 26-year-old son, Abdul-Rahman Kassig, thanked them for their strength and commitment. And he appeared to try to prepare them for his death.
"I am obviously pretty scared to die but the hardest part is not knowing, wondering, hoping, and wondering if I should even hope at all," Kassig said in the letter, according to his parents. "I am very sad that all this has happened and for what all of you back home are going through. If I do die, I figure that at least you and I can seek refuge and comfort in knowing that I went out as a result of trying to alleviate suffering and helping those in need."
Kassig was taken captive by the Islamic State group Oct. 1, 2013, in Syria, where he was providing aid for refugees fleeing that country's civil war.
The group said in a video after the beheading of British aid worker Alan Henning last week that Kassig would be next. The Kassigs pleaded for their son's freedom in a video statement released Saturday.
According to a former Islamic State hostage, Kassig voluntarily converted to Islam sometime between his capture and December 2013, the Kassigs said. He was known as Peter Kassig before his conversion.
The letter continues: "In terms of my faith, I pray every day and I am not angry about my situation in that sense. I am in a dogmatically complicated situation here, but I am at peace with my belief."
The Kassigs say the complication appears to arise from his conversion but that they see this "as part our son's long spiritual journey."
According to the family, Kassig is a former Army Ranger who formed the aid organization Special Emergency Response and Assistance, or SERA, in Turkey to provide aid and assistance to Syrian refugees. He began delivering food and medical supplies to Syrian refugee camps in 2012 and is also a trained medical assistant who provided trauma care to injured Syrian civilians and helped train 150 civilians in providing medical aid.
Peter Kassig, the aid worker threatened by Isis http://t.co/f86ypt80eQ pic.twitter.com/jkhYDXPZaw
— The Independent (@Independent) October 5, 2014
More:

Post a  sick selfie  to get office leave!Not feeling like going to office? Post a "sick selfie" to prove to your boss that you are not feeling well. (Source: Twitter)
Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: October 7, 2014 10:13 am | Updated: October 7, 2014 10:16 am
Not feeling like going to office? Post a “sick selfie” to prove to your boss that you are not feeling well.
According to a survey, more people are posting images pretending to be unwell with the Twitter hashtag #sickieselfie.
“Showing off a hangover and to prove illness to friends or co-workers emerged as the most common reasons for uploading a ‘sick selfie’,” revealed web coupon site vouchercloud that conducted the survey.
Researchers asked 2,300 respondents between ages 18 and 45 about when and why they post selfies.
Nearly half of them admitted to uploading images pretending to be unwell.
“Each participant disclosed to researchers prior to the study that they currently own a smartphone with a camera device and have active social media accounts”.
While 19 percent admitted they had posted “sick selfies” to show they were not well, 41 percent revealed they had clicked the self-portraits while at home.
Nearly 15 percent of people said they wanted to gain sympathy from friends and loved ones while nine percent wanted to gain attention from friends or followers, Detroit Free Press reported.

Break-ups can shoo away your Twitter followersAccording to a study, break-ups can predict a loss of followers on social media. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Indo-Asian News Service | London | Posted: October 7, 2014 10:22 am | Updated: October 7, 2014 10:24 am
If you have gone through break-up woes recently, be ready to lose your twitter followers too.
According to a study, break-ups can predict a loss of followers on social media.
For the study, researchers analysed data from 80,000 users identified as couples.
They tracked these users from November 2013 to April 2014, filtered the data and arrived at a group of 661 pairs, who had been in a relationship but had broken up.
The result was shocking: not only did the communication between these couples decrease as they neared break-up, both people on either end of a break-up tended to lose 15 to 20 Twitter followers in the aftermath.
It might be because of formerly mutual friends taking sides, the study said.
“It is also possible that the upsurge in ‘depressed’ tweets might drive away some followers,” the Daily Dot website noted, quoting the authors.

Yukta Mookhey s DIRTY divorce details revealed!Photo uploaded by Dev Kashyap
on Oct 04, 2013 , 02:05 pm
25803 Views  |  11  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Yukta Mookhey was born into a North Indian family but she spent her early childhood years in the Middle East.
Yukta Mookhey was born into a North Indian family but she spent her early childhood years in the Middle East.

Pics: Hot seduction tips for great SEX!Photo uploaded by Lipla Bhatt
on Mar 13, 2014 , 05:27 pm
18915 Views  |  4  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Master the art of undressing: Going nude with your partner can be fun, agreed, but it can't get better than when you slowly do it. Don't hurry up thing, undress your partner slowly and let the mood built up. The charm lies in reaching out for the climax that lies beneath her clothes.     Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search
Master the art of undressing: Going nude with your partner can be fun, agreed, but it can't get better than when you slowly do it. Don't hurry up thing, undress your partner slowly and let the mood built up. The charm lies in reaching out for the climax that lies beneath her clothes.     Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Bigg Boss: Gautam Gulati s HOT private picsPhoto uploaded by Kanav Mehra
on Oct 06, 2014 , 04:11 pm
6633 Views  |  6  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
TV actor Gautam Gulati is hot, handsome and surely knows how to woo the hearts of his female fan following.   Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search
TV actor Gautam Gulati is hot, handsome and surely knows how to woo the hearts of his female fan following.   Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Islamic State wages assault on Syrian border town backed by tanks and artilleryPrint
Turkish soldiers stand atop and around their tanks as they hold their positions on a hilltop in the outskirts of Suruc, at the Turkey-Syria border, overlooking Kobani in Syria where fighting had ben intensified between Syrian Kurds and the militants of Islamic State,group Monday, Oct. 6, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Mursitpinar | Posted: October 7, 2014 9:40 am | Updated: October 7, 2014 1:17 pm
Islamic State fighters backed by tanks and artillery pushed into an embattled Syrian town on the border with Turkey on Monday, touching off heavy street battles with the town’s Kurdish defenders.
READ: 19-year-old American arrested for trying to flee US to join Islamic State
Hours after the militants raised two of their Islamic State group’s black flags on the outskirts of Kobani, the militants punctured the Kurdish front lines and advanced into the town itself, the Local Coordination Committees activist collective and the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
In this image shot with an extreme telephoto lens and through haze from the outskirts of Suruc at the Turkey-Syria border, militants with the Islamic State group are seen after placing their group’s flag on a hilltop at the eastern side of the town of Kobani, Syria, where fighting had been intensified between Syrian Kurds and the militants of Islamic State group, Monday, Oct. 6, 2014.(Source: AP)
“They’re fighting inside the city. Hundreds of civilians have left,” said Observatory director Rami Abdurrahman. “The Islamic State controls three neighborhoods on the eastern side of Kobani. They are trying to enter the town from the southwest as well.”
READ: Around $1.1 bn spent on US ops against Islamic State in Iraq, Syria, says Pentagon 
The center of the town was still in Kurdish hands, Abdurrahman said. Kurdish officials could not be immediately reached for comment.
Since it began its offensive in mid-September, the Islamic State group has barrelled through one Kurdish village after another as it closed in on its main target — the town of Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab. The assault has forced some 160,000 Syrians to flee and put a strain on Kurdish forces, who have struggled to hold off the extremists even with the aid of limited U.S.-led airstrikes.

7 great reasons to get yourself a bicycleBigg Boss 8
I want to ride my bicycle!
Cycling is one fun activity that can be enjoyed by toddlers, teens and adults alike. The love for cycling begins with the toddler’s tricycle and goes on to evolve into a mountain biker’s or a racer’s bike. Of course, not to mention the casual cycling that just about anyone can benefit from. How? Let’s see.
Share 0
1. Easiest form of exercise You can cycle almost anywhere, be it the great outdoors or the streets. The best part about cycling is that it has only one prerequisite – you should know how to ride a ... more 
1. Easiest form of exercise You can cycle almost anywhere, be it the great outdoors or the streets. The best part about cycling is that it has only one prerequisite – you should know how to ride a cycle. No team members, no skill sets, no gymming. Cycling also doesn’t cost you a fortune. One good cycle and you’re good to go for a couple of years at the very least. less 
1 / 30

Apple supplier GT Advanced shocks with bankruptcy filingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Apple iPhone 6 vs Samsung Galaxy S5: Key differencesApple iPhone 6 vs Samsung Galaxy S5: Key differences
7 Oct, 2014
BusinessInsider.in
If you're trying to decide between the iPhone 6 and Android, chances are you've at least taken a look at the Samsung's Galaxy S5. Both phones are among the most popular devices out there today, and for good reason.
The iPhone 6 is Apple's slimmest, yet one of its largest phones to date. (The iPhone 6 Plus is even more massive, but it'll compete with Samsung's upcoming Galaxy Note 4 phablet). For the first time in two years, Apple upgraded the screen resolution and gave its smartphone a completely new design.
The Galaxy S5 is also one of Samsung's best phones yet. It's the first phone to come with a fingerprint sensor, and Samsung has done an excellent job at cleaning up its TouchWiz user interface while still offering all of the special features you'd find with the Galaxy S4.
So, how do they compare? Here's a look at some of the key differences between both phones.

ET Review: Huawei Honor 6 an impressive smartphoneET Review: Huawei Honor 6
6 Oct, 2014
Karan Bajaj, ET Bureau
Price: Rs 19,990
Specs: 5-inch IPS (1920 x 1080 pixels), 1.3Ghz Octa core Kirin 920 processor, 3GB RAM, 16GB + microSD, 13MP primary camera, 5MP front camera, 3G, WiFi, Bluetooth 4.0, IR port, Android 4.4, 3,100mAh battery, 130 grams
Huawei smartphones have been present in India from some time now, but are not as well known as various competing brands. To change this, Huawei has launched the 'Honor' as their exclusive online brand in India. The first smartphone in this range is the Honor 6.

Eight smartphones with unique featuresEight smartphones with unique features
6 Oct, 2014
Tweet
Text: Ravi Sharma, TOI Tech
Most smartphones today have hardware and software quite similar to that of rivals, and there is very little that distinguishes one smartphone from the other.
However, there are a few companies that still want to stand out and offer smartphones with one feature or the other that no other rival has.
Let's take a look at eight smartphones with such unique features...

I have learnt from mistakes: Unmukt ChandTweet
0
Unmukt Chand ’s cricket career has not been a smooth ride so far. If the high of captaining the India U- 19 team to World Cup glory in 2012 made him a household name, failure to perform consistently at the domestic level since has relegated him to the margins of fans’ memory as juniors like Sanju Samson and Kuldeep Yadav made it to the national side.
Unmukt ChandBut in the two warm- up matches against the touring West Indies, Unmukt showed what he is capable of if he channelises his energies in the right direction. While he scored an unbeaten 79 in the first match, he hit a century ( 101) in the second to help India A win both games.
Unmukt’s life away from cricket has often been in the news, but the youngster stresses cricket has always been his prime focus and he is looking to cut out the negativity that is a part of every sportsman’s life.
“Life hasn’t always been easy. And I would say not too many people would have faced what I have from the World Cup win in 2012 to where I stand today at the age of 21. But I am not complaining because there are positives as well as negatives in all of this and one needs to keep evolving and learning. Whatever people may think, cricket has always been and will always be my priority."
With time I have realised that I need to cut out the negativity around me,” Unmukt told MAIL TODAY . Asked what was holding him back all this while, he said: “At times I tried a bit too hard and got a little desperate. It’s only human to get overexcited when people start talking about how you are just one good season away from earning your India cap.
LEARNT FROM MISTAKES
But I have learnt from my mistakes and try to stay calm and take one step at a time. “I now know that it is more about being prepared for that opportunity when it comes rather than thinking about when it will actually come. And I also feel that it was important to pass through this phase as it has made me realise what my weaknesses are and where exactly I needed to work harder.”
A not- so- consistent season for Delhi last year also raised eyebrows, with some detractors feeling that Unmukt was distracted by the adulation and high- profile life, but Unmukt wants to correct that perception this season.
“Sometimes when you have people around you with the experience of 100 Test matches, you tend to get nervous and fail to express yourself in the middle. But I want to correct that and want to have a consistent Ranji season this year. I realise the importance of being consistent at the domestic level and shall work towards achieving it,” he said.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Samsung hit by weak phone salesSamsung hammered by weak smartphone sales
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN October 7, 2014: 9:09 AM ET
 
iPhone 6 vs. Galaxy Alpha: Cost to make
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Samsung is on track to report its weakest financial results in recent memory as the company loses ground in the intense battle for smartphone customers.
South Korea-based Samsung said Tuesday that it would report operating profit of around 4.1 trillion won ($3.8 billion) for the third quarter -- a 60% decline from the previous year. The result is worse than analysts had expected.
Third quarter sales were also lower than the previous year, falling 20% to around 47 trillion won ($44 billion). The figures are a preliminary forecast, and Samsung will release an official report in the coming weeks.
Samsung shares were up slightly in morning trading in Seoul, but the stock has declined 15% so far this year.
Related: Forget Samsung, Xiaomi is China's new smartphone king
The company blamed the weak performance on slow growth and lower operating margins in the smartphone business, where it has lost ground to high-end competitors including Apple. At the other end of the cost spectrum, upstart smartphone makers like China's Xiaomi have stolen market share from Samsung.
 
Samsung's new bendable TVs
The pressure on Samsung is part of an industry-wide trend driven by declining margins and growing saturation in the smartphone business. Samsung said it "cautiously" expects to ship more phones and TV products in the next quarter.
In the meantime, Samsung has been forced to rely on sales from other parts of its business including semiconductors and other technology to offset smartphone losses. Samsung did not provide a detailed breakdown of profit by business.
The company is now at a critical juncture. Chairman Lee Kun-hee has been ill after suffering from heart trouble earlier this year, raising questions over the company's future leadership and direction.
First Published: October 6, 2014: 11:08 PM ET
Most Popular

India to top global remittances this yearIndia to top global remittances with $71 billion this year, says World Bank
Lalit K Jha     Washington   Last Updated: October 7, 2014  | 15:35 IST
The Bank said remittances to the South Asia region are increasing more robustly this year, accelerating from slower growth in 2013. Although flows to India, the region's largest remittance recipient, will grow modestly by 1.5 per cent in 2014. (Photo: Reuters)
India will retain its top spot with $71 billion in remittances this year as remittances to developing countries are expected to reach $435 billion, an increase of five per cent over 2013, the World Bank has said.
In its latest issue of the Migration and Development Brief, the World Bank said on Monday- India, with the world's largest emigrant stock of 14 million people, will remain in the top spot this year, attracting about $71 billion in remittances.
"Remittances to developing countries grew this year by five per cent. Remittance inflows provided stable cover for substantial parts of the import bill for such countries as Egypt, Pakistan, Haiti, Honduras, and Nepal," said Kaushik Basu, Senior Vice President and Chief Economist of the World Bank Group.
He said India and China led the chart with "projected remittance inflows of $71 and $64 billion respectively in 2014."
Other large recipients are China ($64 billion), the Philippines ($28 billion), Mexico ($24 billion), Nigeria ($21 billion), Egypt ($18 billion), Pakistan ($17 billion), Bangladesh ($15 billion), Vietnam ($11 billion) and Ukraine ($9 billion).
The growth rate this year is substantially faster than the 3.4 per cent growth recorded in 2013, driven largely by remittances to Asia and Latin America, it said.
Remittances to developing countries will continue climbing in the medium term, reaching an estimated $ 454 billion in 2015. Global remittances, including those to high-income countries, are estimated at $582 billion this year, rising to $608 billion next year, it said.
The Bank said remittances to the South Asia region are increasing more robustly this year, accelerating from slower growth in 2013. Although flows to India, the region's largest remittance recipient, will grow modestly by 1.5 per cent in 2014.
The expansion is being led by flows from the Gulf Cooperation Council countries, where skilled and unskilled workers are finding renewed job opportunities.
As a result, the growth rate of remittances to the region is expected to more than double this year to 5.5 per cent (from 2.7 per cent in 2013), boosting volumes to $ 117 billion in 2014 and rising further to $ 123 billion in 2015, it said.
"In addition, India and the Philippines benefit from having migrants with the most diverse destination spread, thereby creating buffers against regional shocks. Given the growing importance of this sector, the World Bank's Migration and Development Brief has become an essential tool for global development policy experts," Basu said.
The brief notes that the global average cost of sending remittances continued its downward trend in the third quarter of 2014, falling to 7.9 per cent of the value sent, compared to 8.9 per cent a year earlier. However, the cost of sending money to Africa remains stubbornly high, exceeding 11 per cent.
As a share of GDP (2013), the top recipients of remittances were Tajikistan (42 per cent), Kyrgyz Republic (32 per cent), Nepal (29 per cent), Moldova (25 per cent), Lesotho and Samoa (24 per cent each), Armenia and Haiti (both 21 per cent), the Gambia (20 per cent) and Liberia (18 per cent).
It said the forced migration due to conflict was at its highest level since World War II, affecting more than 51 million people.
An additional 22 million people have been forced to move due to natural disasters, bringing the total affected by forced migration to at least 73 million, according to the latest available data.
"Despite the encouraging outlook for remittance flows, the circumstances of many migrants are troubling," said Dilip Ratha, Lead Economist, Migration and Remittances, at the World Bank's Development Prospects Group and Head of the Global Knowledge Partnership on Migration and Development (KNOMAD).
"With so many people on the move against their will and many others undertaking desperate and dangerous journeys, it is clear that more effort is needed to make migration safer and cheaper by exploring economically viable policy options," he said.
(PTI)

Saradha scam: CBI to file first chargesheet by October endThe agency was probing aspects like criminal conspiracy, misappropriation of funds and criminal breach of trust in the Saradha episode.
Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: October 7, 2014 3:45 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 4:06 pm
The Special Crime Branch of CBI , which started probing the Saradha multi-crore rupees ponzi scheme scam four months ago, would file the first chargesheet by October end.
“By the end of October, we will file the first chargesheet on the basis of evidences which CBI has obtained after a series of arrests and interrogations,” a senior official of the investigating agency said on Tuesday.
The first chargesheet would cover a part of the investigations and those persons against whom adequate evidence had been found, he said.
The agency was probing aspects like criminal conspiracy, misappropriation of funds and criminal breach of trust in the Saradha episode.
He said, so far the agency had arrested ten and interrogated numerous people to probe the conspiracy behind the scam, which left thousands of depositors cheated.
CBI had also summoned West Bengal Textiles Minister Shyamapada Mukherjee and painter Shuvoprasanna, a person close to the top Trinamool Congress leadership, in connection with the crime, the official said.
It would also grill those whose names had been cropped during the interrogation of the accused.
Asked whether CBI would be deterred from interrogating influential political persons whose names surfaced in the probe fearing backlash, the official said “We are not at all concerned about what will happen. Our director has clearly told us that whomsoever is found to be guilty of offence should be interrogated. Nobody will be spared and we cannot afford to do so”.
He said ‘serious’ staff crunch was causing a problem in speeding up the probe. “Only nine to ten officers are engaged in the Saradha probe. This is not sufficient.”

Coal Imports Surge in September on Weak Prices  Low StocksYou are here: Home Economy
Coal Imports Surge in September on Weak Prices, Low Stocks
Reuters | Updated On: October 07, 2014 14:56 (IST)
New Delhi: India's coal imports surged 19 per cent to 16 million tonnes in September from a year ago as fuel-hungry power companies bought at lower international prices to bring in much-needed supplies, preliminary data from online trader Mjunction showed.
 
More than half of India's power plants had only enough coal to run uninterrupted for less than a week as of September 29 due to lower output from state-owned Coal India - the worst stock level since a crippling blackout in 2012.
 
Stocks have also been drawn down because New Delhi has asked coal-fired plants to produce more electricity as hydropower has dropped in the past three months because of weak monsoon rains.
 
"Imports rose mainly due to continued softness in international coal prices, coming up of new plants and slightly lower availability of domestic coal," said Viresh Oberoi, chief executive of mjunction, a joint venture of Tata steel and Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL).
 
The average price of coal from Indonesia and South Africa fell 6-9 percent in September from a year earlier, Mr Oberoi added.
 
India's inbound shipments of thermal coal, used mainly to generate power, rose to 12.95 million tonnes last month from 10.05 million a year earlier.
 
Imports of coking coal, used in making steel, fell slightly to 2.53 million, said Mjunction, whose data is based on monitoring of vessel positions and figures from shipping firms.
 
Total coal shipments were 16.12 million tonnes in August, the trader further said. The Indian government does not regularly release coal import data.
 
The inability of Coal India - accounting for 80 per cent of the country's coal output - to raise production fast enough to keep up with demand has made India the third-largest coal importer despite sitting on the fifth-largest reserves.
 

Will SRK  Kajol s  Dilwale Dulhania Le Jaayenge  finally go off Maratha MandirPrint
The bible of romance is set to make a heroic record in December this year, as it will complete 1000 weeks in the theatre.
Written by Apurva Singh , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 7, 2014 2:05 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 4:43 pm
Bollywood’s superhit jodi Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol’s romantic film – ‘Dilwale Dulhania Le Jaayenge’- has been running at Maratha Mandir in Mumbai for the past 990 weeks, which makes it 19 years.
The bible of romance is set to make a heroic record in December this year, as it will complete 1000 weeks in the theatre.
The morning 11.30 am show of the film still runs to packed house and it had around 1000 people watching it till yesterday. However, Managing Director of Maratha Mandir, Manoj Desai and Yash Raj Films are considering to pull the film off screen after it completes 1000 weeks in December.
“Manoj Desai and Yash Raj Films will sit together to decide whether to run the film further or not as it will set a huge record in December by completing 1000 weeks. The decision to run the film further or not will not depend on the profit or loss as the show till today manages to attract decent amount of people. The decision will totally depend on the stakeholders and Yash Raj,” Manoj Pandey, manager of Maratha Mandir, told IndianExpress.com over telephone from Mumbai.
The magic of the evergreen romance, ‘Dilwale Dulhania Le Jaayenge’, that released way back in 1995, keeps pulling audiences back to the Maratha Mandir theatre in Mumbai ever since its release. DDLJ has become the longest running film in the history of Indian cinema, as it passes one milestone after another, and is presently running in its 990th week.
In 2013, Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was also voted people’s most favourite feature film from the past 100 years of Indian cinema in a poll conducted by Sanona, the UK’s largest online Pay Per View (PPV) Indian movie streaming service. ‘Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was among the first Indian films to be produced with the large and rich South Asian diaspora in the West as its target audience.

Sensex closes at 2-mth low on capital outflowsSensex tumbles to 2-month low, down 296 points on capital outflows
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 7, 2014  | 16:36 IST
Photo: Reuters
BSE benchmark Sensex on Tuesday plunged 296 points to close at nearly two-month low due to widespread losses in metal, healthcare, consumer durables and capital goods sector stocks on capital outflows and retail investors ahead of earnings season amid a mixed trend overseas.
After opening 137 points lower, the 30-share index continued its slide to touch the day's low of 26,250.24 before ending the day at almost two-month low of 26,271.97, a level not seen since August 14, registering a steep fall of 296.02 points or 1.11 per cent.
The gauge had lost 62.52 points in the previous session on October 1. Stock markets remained closed on October 2, 3 and 6 for Gandhi Jayanti, Dussehra and Id-Ul-Zuha, respectively.
FII/FPIs pulled out Rs 63.24 crore from domestic markets on October 1, according to exchange data.
Similarly, the broader-based NSE Nifty closed down by 93.15 points or 1.17 per cent at 7,852.40 after shuttling between 7,943.05 and 7,842.70.
Brokers said the sentiment dampened on foreign capital outflows and offloading of positions by retail investors ahead of the earnings season, with Infosys posting results later this week.
Of the 30 Sensex shares, 23 closed lower led by Hindalco (down 4.35 per cent), Sesa Sterlite (4.32 per cent) and Cipla (3.67 per cent), while NTPC, Gail and Tata Motors remained major gainers.
Globally, a mixed closing on the other Asian markets and a lower opening of the European stocks as a report showed German industrial production contracted the most in more than five years, also negatively impacted sentiment. Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 63.24 crore last Wednesday as per the provisional data released by the stock exchanges.
Sectorwise, BSE metal index suffered the most by falling 2.65 per cent, followed by healthcare by 1.85 per cent. Captial goods index by 1.78 per cent, Consumer durables index by 1.72 per cent, Realy index 1.27 per cent, PSU index 1.20 per cent and Banking index 0.87 per cent.

Express recipe: How to make Dahi ArbiOil – 2 tbsp
Method
Pressure cook the vegetable to just one whistle. Don’t overcook it, otherwise it will become soggy and difficult to cook.
Heat oil in a pan
Add Carom Seeds
A pinch of Asafeotedia powder
Add turmeric powder, chilli powder, coriander powder, a bit of salt
Mix everything gently and now you can add the vegetable
Mix well, fry he Colocasia in the spicy mix until it’s golden brown
Turn off the stove and add curd and mix it
Serve hot with chapati or rice

L&T Bags Rs 1 630-Crore Contract in Uttar PradeshMumbai: Engineering firm Larsen & Toubro (L&T) on Tuesday said it has bagged a contract worth Rs 1,630 crore from the Uttar Pradesh Expressways Industrial Development Authority (UPIDA).
 
The company's transportation infrastructure business has received the Rs 1,630-crore EPC (engineering, procurement and construction) order for construction of a six- lane access-controlled expressway from Unnao district to Lucknow, according to a release issued in Mumbai.
 
L&T's scope of work includes design, engineering and construction of the 63km-long expressway including construction of service roads.
 
The contract also includes major structures like 18 vehicular under passes, four major bridges, 10 minor bridges, 26 pedestrian underpasses, one trumpet interchange and associated works.
 
The project is scheduled to be completed within 36 months.
 
"This project is likely to spur economic development along the route with trade, agricultural and economic corridors proposed at different places. In addition, it will reduce travel time between Lucknow and the National Capital Region (NCR) via the functional Agra-Greater Noida Yamuna Expressway," the release added.
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 16:28 (IST)

Govt to revamp monetary policy by Jan: SourceGovt to unveil new monetary policy framework by January, says FinMin official
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 7, 2014  | 19:11 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government will unveil a new monetary policy framework by the end of January 2015, making it easier for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to focus on tamping down persistently high inflation , a Finance Ministry official told reporters in the national capital on Tuesday.
The official, who asked not to be identified, said the government will set a new inflation target, which will be implemented by a monetary policy panel.
The economy has long struggled with prices rising at double digit levels annually, causing most distress for the poor.
Consumer price inflation slowed to 7.8 per cent in August, making RBI more confident that a near-term target of 8 per cent inflation in January would be met.
In January, an RBI panel headed by Deputy Governor Urjit Patel recommended a policy framework that would lead to 6 per cent consumer price inflation by 2016.
An RBI panel also proposed moving to a medium-term inflation target of 4 per cent in 2014, with a band of 2 per cent on either side, when setting monetary policy, sharply below current levels.
The recommendation had stirred concern about a potential clash with the traditionally more pro-growth government. Although the central bank is not statutorily independent from the government, it has long enjoyed wide latitude in policy-making.
The reforms foresee a panel-based approach that is standard international practice but, as in Britain, would require the RBI to adhere to an inflation target set by the government, known in the jargon as operational independence.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in his maiden budget in July, promised to revamp the monetary policy framework to meet the challenge of an increasingly complex economy.
"It has to be put in place not later than December-January because it is a budget announcement," the official, who did not wish to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter, told reporters.
"We have completed our internal work. And the (RBI) Governor and the Finance Secretary had some conversations."
The Finance Ministry and the central bank are soon expected to sign a formal agreement on the issue, the official said.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has already said he wanted to bring down consumer price inflation to 8 per cent in January 2015 and a more difficult 6 per cent the following year, in line with the "glide path" recommended by the central bank panel.
However, the official said it was up to the government to set the new inflation target.
"What is the appropriate inflation target for India, cannot be decided by the RBI. It has to be decided by the government," he said, adding it could consult with Parliament and the central bank before setting the target.
This effectively means the RBI would not enjoy the independence enjoyed by the US Federal Reserve, which has latitude to set an inflation target as part of a broader legal mandate to achieve full employment and stable prices.
The RBI Governor sent a strong signal last week that he would refrain from cutting interest rates until he was confident the inflation target for January 2016 could be met.
(Reuters)

Oil Ministry moves CCEA on easing out gas disputesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hrithik Roshan  Bang Bang  box office collections plunge on Eid  but film manages Rs 142 crHrithik Roshan 'Bang Bang' box office collections fall on Eid, but film nears Rs 150-cr mark
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 08 2014, 10:32  IST
Oct 08 2014, 10:32  IST
 

World Economic Outlook has some cheer  some woesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Violence erupts in Tamil Nadu as court rejects Jayalalithaa s bail pleaWithin an hour of rejecting of the bail petition, violence erupted across the state.
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: October 7, 2014 7:50 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 1:16 am
Wide spread attacks and protests erupted in Tamil Nadu after the Karnataka High Court rejected the bail petition of former chief minister J Jayalalithaa , who was sentenced to four-year jail term and a Rs 100 crore fine in a disproportionate asset case on September 27.
Initially after the media reported that HC had granted her a conditional bail, quoting AIADMK lawyers, hundreds of cadres started thronging the party supremo’s Poes Garden residence. However, the celebrations and bursting hundreds of crackers was short-lived and vanished in no time when the news confirming the rejection of her bail plea came in.
The mob gathered for the celebrations are holding protests across the city while at the AIADMK headquarters, 2kms away from her residence, a dozen of AIADMK ministers and senior leaders were seen sitting mournfully before the television.”We will approach the chief justice of Karnataka high court before moving to Supreme Court,” said a senior party leader.
With in an hour of rejecting of the bail petition, violence erupted across the state. Data Uduppi hotel in Chennai city reportedly owned by a Karnataka group was attacked by a group of AIADMK sympathisers. Police also confirmed at least half a dozen incidents of attacks and stone pelting on Karnataka registration vehicles and Karnataka transport corporation buses in Trichy and Dindigul within two hours of the judgement.
Chief Minister O Panneerselvam issued a statement requesting the public to restrain from any kind of violence, protests and bandh calls. He told media that the law and order situation is very much under control of his government.
On Tuesday morning, posters put out by AIADMK south Chennai leadership threatened that people from Karnataka will be held hostage if the bail is denied. Later, the police directed the party men to remove the posters after the Bangalore police officials alerted the Chennai city police commissioner S George. Following complaints of police’s inaction from different corners, DGP K Ramanujam had also interevend and directed officers to alert all the printing press facilities in city and party cadres to restrain from any such attempts of spreading hate messages and threats against Karnataka.

Ignored medical advice against campaigning to save Haryana from corrupt Cong: ChautalaIgnored medical advice against campaigning to save Haryana from corrupt Cong: Chautala
Chandigarh |       October 7, 2014 10:16 pm
Comments
Under attack for campaigning in Haryana polls while out on bail on health grounds, senior INLD leader Om Parkash Chautala on Tuesday said he decided to “ignore” medical advice to rid the state of “corrupt” Congress.
“My health is not permitting, but just to ensure that people of Haryana get rid of the corrupt Congress government and elect their own INLD government, I am canvassing,” he said.
Chautala was addressing a series of election meetings in Karnal, Yamunanagar, Kurukshetra, Ambala and Panchkula districts for the October 15 Assembly elections.
He campaigned even as CBI moved Delhi High Court seeking immediate cancellation of his bail on medical grounds, saying he has violated its terms by participating in rallies.
The 79-year-old leader, who suffers from heart and other ailments, is currently on bail on health grounds after his sentencing last year in a teachers’ recruitment scam.
Chautala said, “A team of doctors have advised me complete bed rest, but how can I leave you in lurch when it is  the only time to get rid of the corrupt, anti-farmer and anti-youth Bhupinder Singh Hooda-led state government.
“That is why I decided to come to you to remind you that let us drive the last nail in the coffin of this government by ensuring its ouster from the state.”
Chautala, who is engaged in hectic electioneering for the past two weeks, came under sharp attack from Prime Minister
Narendra Modi and Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda after he recently said that he will take oath from Tihar Jail as the state’s next Chief Minister of Haryana.
“I can sacrifice my health and my life for the people of Haryana as our ideologue late Chaudhary Devi Lal did it throughout his life,” he said.
“I want to make one thing clear that we (INLD) are not power hungry. We do not want to grab power. Our mission is to fulfil the dreams and vision of Devi Lal. We are also seeking votes for the performance of our government when we were in power,” Chautala said.
INLD, which has been out of power for the past 10 years, is fighting on 88 seats, while two seats are being fought by its ally SAD.
Chautala said, “I will not allow corrupt people to take control of the state and let the people suffer from Congress
and BJP, which are hungry to grab power.”
Hitting back at Narendra Modi for saying that he was “dreaming” of taking oath as Haryana Chief Minister from jail, Chautala said the statement, which was a personal attack on him, “does not fit the stature of a person who is holding the PM’s post”.
Addressing a poll rally at Kurukshetra on Monday, Modi had said, “I don’t need support from jail. I don’t need support of goons who are in jail.”
With Modi addressing a series of election rallies over the past few days in Haryana, Chautala asked the Prime Minister to address rallies in all 90 Assembly seats.
“This will make INLD’s win easier and BJP will also come to know where it stands,” Chautala said.
He also hit continued…

Modi s chest is 5.6 inches and not 56: Congress on ceasefire violationsPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 7, 2014 7:36 pm
Congress on Tuesday launched a stinging attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the issue of ceasefire violations by Pakistan questioning his silence even as it wondered why the government was running with a “part- time” Defence Minister.
Taking potshots at the Prime Minister, Congress spokesperson Shakeel Ahmed said Modi during his Lok Sabha campaign had talked about 56-inch chest but “it has now been reduced to just 5.6 inches”.
“It is unfortunate that civilians are being killed. But our Prime Minister is neither tweeting about it or mentioning it in his election speeches now. Why is he silent?” Ahmed asked at the AICC briefing here.
He said that there have been 19 ceasefire violations since last week by Pakistan which has claimed six civilian lives.
Ahmed drew attention to Modi’s tweets on August 6, last year in which he had criticised the UPA government over Chinese incursions and ceasefire violations by Pakistan wondering “when will UPA rise”.
“The famous words by him is that to deal with such situation, you need a 56-inch chest. I feel that instead of 56- inch chest, Prime Minister has 5.6 inch chest. It is being realised in so many days,” he said.
Ahmed wondered if the Prime Minister was not able to find a Defence Minister from his 283 Members of Parliament.
“We all know that Arun Jaitley is a part-time Defence Minister. Could not a person, who used to talk about the country’s security and respect so much before becoming the Prime Minister, find any capable Defence Minister?” he questioned.
Replying to queries, he criticised the silence of the  Prime Minister on the ceasefire violation issue.

No relief to Pradip Sharma  order on bail plea reserved till October 10Print
Written by Gopal B Kateshiya | Bhuj | Posted: October 7, 2014 4:29 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 10:02 pm
Suspended IAS officer Pradeep Sharma did not get any immediate relief as a special court in Bhuj reserved its order on bail application filed by the arrested officer till Friday.
The Anti-corruption Bureau (ACB) of the state had arrested the suspended IAS officer under the Prevention of Corruption Act (PCA), 1988 on September 30 from Ahmedabad for allegedly allocating land to Value Packaging, a private company manufacturing packaging material in Kutch at below market rate during his tenure of Kutch collector in 2004. The ACB says Sharma’s action caused loss of around Rs1 crore to state exchequer but the officer drew financial benefits worth Rs 29.5 lakh through his wife Shyamal’s partnership in Value Packaging. After his arrest, Sharma had moved the special ACB court here for bail and the matter came up for hearing in the designated court of Judge Jaydev Dhadhal on Tuesday.
Arguing the matter of Sharma, advocate Bharat Dholakia said prima facie, there was no case against the officer as the government had regularised the said land allocation to Value Packaging by collecting additional Rs1 lakh from the company. “The investigating agency is saying the matter had come to light in 2011 but not FIR was registered. According to law, FIR has to be registered at the instance of getting first information in cognisable offences. But in the present case, FIR has been registered after three years. This means the police did not find the matter a cognisable offence in 2011. Now what circumstances have changed that the same matter becomes a cognisable offence,” Dholakia said alleging the case was filed to keep the officer behind bar.
Incidentally, the issue of land allocation to Value Packaging had come to the notice of Criminal Investigation Department (crime) while it was investigating a 2011 case of alleged fraudulent allocation to companies of Welspun Group in Kutch by Sharma.
Dholakia further argued that Deepika Panneervel, wife of former additional chief secretary P Panneervel and one Sunil Millat were other persons involved in Value Packaging deal but Sharma was being singled out and therefore, the investigation was biased prima facie.
However, district prosecutor Kalpesh Goswami that it was government’s prerogative to take action against erring officers. “This case pertains to your role in the said offence. Sharma’s legal liability increases since he is an IAS officer and he committed the alleged crime knowingly by keeping a cool and calculated mind. He is a white-caller accused and if let out an bail, he can temper with evidence and influence witnesses,” submitted Goswami.
But continuing argument for Sharma, senior advocate Ratnakar Dholakia contended that the 59-year-old officer had been enlarged on bail in previous six cases either by the Supreme Court or Gujarat High Court. “There is no record of him having tempered with evidence. Furthermore, alleged offence for which he is booked now is being investigated under FIR registered in 2010. So, the present FIR cannot be treated as an FIR. Since the FIR is not maintainable, Sharma should be released on bail,” said the senior advocate.

While RBI focuses on inflation  banks more pragmatic on ratesWhile Raghuram Rajan focuses on anti-inflation stand, bankers take more pragmatic call on rates
Sugata Ghosh, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 07.43AM IST
(Analysts, talking heads,…)
MUMBAI: With a careful choice of words, sincerity that no one questions and backed by a widely shared perception of being the right man at the right place, Raghuram Rajan has convinced many that what he does is what should be done. Analysts, talking heads, armchair economists, several bureaucrats and even some of the fund managers have absorbed his unequivocal message that interest rates should be kept high, or even raised, if inflation persists or hardens. But like these Rajan watchers, are bankers - to whom his message matters more than others - as convinced?
No governor in recent memory has been as focused on reining in inflationary expectations as Rajan. No one has been more explicit in spelling this out as the central bank's singular goal. He is quick to blend hawkish undertones in his statements whenever bond traders gather a fleeting impression that the Guv may have dropped his guard in the war against inflation. Now, after all this, is there a dissonance when soon after Rajan's policy announcement last week - that once again spelt out that lowering rates is the last thing on the Guv's mind - the country's largest lender goes ahead to cut interest rates on deposits. It was the second downward revision in a month. A few days later, the second largest bank, also pruned returns on bulk deposits. Chances are more could.
Banks have a simple argument. Their business, reflected in the loan book, isn't growing (partly because oil companies are not borrowing as much as they did a year ago). Lowering deposit rates is, thus, a way to drive away savers as it's tough to find borrowers, rather good ones, to whom the money can be lent. Fear is that it could take a while for loan demand to take off. Bribery scandal and a sweeping comment by a former civil servant that all loans banks rejig to throw lifelines at defaulting borrowers should be probed, could also hold back fresh disbursal.
But if a fall in credit, among other things, indicates a slowdown in aggregate demand, does it make sense for RBI to hold interest rates high and even signal that it will not come down in a hurry? More importantly, is there a disconnect between monetary policy and the ground reality that is making banks take a different view on interest rate? One is reminded of the days of Mr Subbarao, Rajan's predecessor, who kept cutting policy rates but banks refused to lower theirs. The answer lies in how the story unfolds.
Rates on short-term borrowing instruments like commercial papers have dipped this year and if loans don't grow and more banks slash interest on deposit, it's a matter of time - may be a few months - when banks start lower lending rates. A rate cut cycle typically begins with deposit rates, followed by a cut in loan rates as borrowers demand cheaper credit and lenders compete with each other. There's something else playing on the back of bankers' mind: if rates, and thus bond yields, don't drop, there will be no treasury profits, not enough provisioning, and little improvement in quality of loan book - a spot that that will make future lending more difficult.
While New Delhi has not - at least not overtly - showed urgency for lower interest rates, it could prod state-owned banks to relook at rates or even nudge RBI if fiscal deficit narrows.
There could even be a situation where both win: RBI preserves its image as an inflation warrior, receives accolades from IMF and international investors while New Delhi has no complains as banks lower lending rates. But can such divergence continue for long?
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex rangebound; Infosys  Sun Pharma  TCS and DRL top losersYou are here: Home > Collections > Trade
Sensex rangebound; Infosys, Sun Pharma, TCS and DRL top losers
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 09.37AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The S&P BSE Sensex managed…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex managed to recoup losses after falling 84 points in trade on Wednesday, led by losses in Infosys , Sun Pharma , TCS and DRL.
"FII's selling continues even as investors look forward to the earnings season. The global cues remain weak and indices appear in no mood to stage a smart bounce back soon. US indices came lower. Germany's weak data heightened worries about the strength of global growth as the country's industrial output in August slid 4 per cent, a fall not witnessed since 2009," said IIFL report.
At 09:30 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,252.81, down 19 points or 0.07 per cent. It touched a high of 26,334.35 and a low of 26,187.81 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 7,844.60, down 8 points or 0.10 per cent. It touched a high of 7,869.90 and a low of 7,826.70 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DDT on debt funds set to take a toll on investorsDividend Distribution Tax on debt funds set to take a toll on retail investors
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 06.25AM IST
(Investors in the highest…)
With the changes effective October 1, 2014, the DDT on debt funds will now be 28.32% for retail individual investors, up from 22.072% they paid earlier. Financial planners feel there is no point for individuals who are in the 10% and 20% tax bracket to opt for the dividend option as it will entail paying higher tax.
Hence, these investors should opt for the growth option in debt funds. However, investors in the highest tax bracket of 30% can still continue to be invested in the dividend option as they pay 28.32% instead of 30.9%.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Punj Lloyd rallies 10% on fund raising plans  defence dealsYou are here: Home > Collections
Punj Lloyd rallies 10% on fund raising plans, defence deals
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 09.36AM IST
Tags:
endorsements
(Punj Lloyd Ltd rallied as…)
NEW DELHI: Punj Lloyd Ltd rallied as much as 10.05 per cent in trade on Wednesday after media reports suggested that the engineering firm plans to divest assets that aren't key to its main business by the end of October.
Punj Lloyd seeks to raise upwards of Rs.1,000 crore to pare debt and make new investments. The company may sell its 17% stake in Medanta Medicity Hospitals and some of its offshore barges, added the report.
At 09:20 a.m.; Punj Lloyd was trading 7.8 per cent higher at Rs 38.60. It hit a low of Rs 37.60 and a high of Rs 39.40 in trade today.
In a bid to boost domestic defence manufacturing, the commerce ministry Tuesday said it has cleared 33 proposals in the sector. Of the 33 proposals, Punj Lloyd managed to bag licences that they had been waiting for.
"Similarly, the promoters of Punj Lloyd together have a 37 per cent stake, which restricted a wholly owned subsidiary's ability to bag licences to manufacture torpedoes, rocket launchers and combat vehicle," TOI reported.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Celebrations turn into mourning after HC denies bail to JayalalithaaKarnataka high court denies bail to Jayalalithaa
KV Lakshmana , Hindustan Times  Chennai, October 07, 2014
First Published: 21:08 IST(7/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:12 IST(8/10/2014)
Read: Jayalalithaa to stay in jail, Karnataka HC rejects bail plea
 
Celebrations kicked off near the former chief minister’s Poes Garden bungalow and spread to other parts of the city when at around 3.40 pm television channels reported Public Prosecutor Bhavani Singh saying he was not opposed to conditional bail.
Supporters of Jayalalithaa celebrate after rumours that her bail plea was accepted at the high court in Bangalore. (AFP Photo)
 
“Amma is innocent and will also be out jail,” shouted an overjoyed Shanmugavalli, a Jayalalithaa supporter, struggling to be heard over the din of firecrackers bursting around her.
 Many broke into song and dance as supporters, high on optimistic reports from social media and TV channels, celebrated the AIADMK chief’s expected homecoming.
“I heard the state government will be sending a plane to fetch her,” said party representative Selvaraj, flashing the victory sign.
 
But in 20 minutes the festivities came to a grinding halt. Jayalalithaa’s bail rejected: these three words stunned the revellers into shock, despair and confused anger.
Supporters of Jayalalithaa seen grieving after the bail plea was rejected by Karnataka high court, in Bangalore. (Kashif Masood/HT Photo)
 
“It is not true, is it?” was the question on everyone’s lips as they tapped into their phones for updates.
 
Reports of a bus being set afire and attacks on an Udipi restaurant – serving cuisine from Karnataka – in the city’s MGR Nagar came in as angry Jayalalithaa supporters directed their ire at soft targets. In Trichy, there were reports of some Karnataka buses being pelted with stones.
 
Chief minister O Panneerselvam stepped in, concerned about the escalating violence, and instructed police to maintain law and order while asking the party cadre to remain calm. “Do not do anything that will bring the government into disrepute,” was his message.

After triple murder  UP braces for MahapanchayatAfter triple murder, UP braces for Mahapanchayat
S Raju , Hindustan Times  Meerut/Muzaffarnagar, October 08, 2014
First Published: 01:30 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:15 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
Angry villagers in Muzaffarnagar on Tuesday called for a mahapanchayat on October 10 to discuss the yet-unsolved murder of three people, bringing back memories of communal riots in the area a year ago.
The mutilated bodies of three labourers were found on the outskirts of Bahadurpur village on Saturday night but the police failed to even identify suspects in the last three days. Though six police teams have been created and a massive manhunt launched, no arrests have been made till date. 
The incident has led to widespread panic in the district amid reports of armed strangers present in the area.
Communal riots in the area in September last year that claimed more than 60 lives and left over 50,000 homeless saw similar mahapanchayats fanning communal tension. Several people were attacked last year while leaving one such gathering called to discuss the alleged murder of two youth and police inaction. 
The bodies of Surender (38), Sunder (28) and Kunwarpal (43) were found with severe injuries in the groin area.  Sources in the district hospital where the postmortem was performed said blunt instruments and bricks were used to kill the trio.
In spite of growing criticism, however, the police remained tightlipped over the investigation. “We can’t share findings since it could hamper the investigation,” said Shravan Kumar, SP (city) of Muzaffarnagar.
Additional forces have been deployed outside the village to reassure panicked villagers who are moving in groups to avoid criminals.
Two of the victims, Surender and Kunwarpal, were labourers in a factory situated close to the village and were attacked while returning home. “He was mercilessly attacked and we couldn’t recognize him,” said Surender’s brother Suresh.
The third victim Sunder was a driver who was also killed on his way home. His body was found a few metres away from the other two.
The police initially suspected robbery to be the motive behind the murders but later found that Sunder’s salary of Rs. 8,000 hadn’t been taken from his pocket.

SodaStream hit by sliding US demandOctober 7, 2014 5:50 pm
SodaStream hit by sliding US demand
By Mamta Badkar and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4cbb23ce-4e36-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tata Communications  Telstra Sign Network-to-Network Interconnection PactKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Mumbai: Telstra on Tuesday said it has inked a network-to-network interconnection (NNI) agreement with Tata Communications.
The NNI will utilise Tata Communications' 116 points of presence (PoPs), extending Telstra's reach to Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities such as Jaipur, Surat and Trichy.
Tuesday's announcement strengthens Telstra's position of operating one of the most scalable networks across the globe, facilitating access to more than 2,000 PoPs in 230 countries and territories a company release said.
"The new arrangement with Tata Communications was part of Telstra's broader MPLS strategy, which includes NNI agreements in emerging markets that are of high value to customers and the expansion of its own on-net PoPs," Telstra Global Enterprise & Services head of connectivity and platforms portfolio Bernadette Noujaim Baldwin said.
The latest estimates from a PricewaterhouseCoopers report predict India is set to become the third largest economy in the world by 2030.
"When you combine this with its young and burgeoning working-age population, you've got a compelling consumption boom and a competitive edge that sets Asia's third-largest economy apart from many other countries," she said.
"With these economic and social indicators in mind, we're seeing demand for data connectivity throughout India grow as an increasing number of Asian, European and American headquartered businesses look to India for long-term growth opportunities."
"Telstra is focused on providing services to large multinational companies that are expanding across Asia and the rest of the world, which is why we are leveraging Tata Communications' deep network footprint to extend our service coverage throughout India and provide customers the same security, redundancy and quality of service offered on the Telstra network," she added.
Through the partnership, Telstra and Tata Communications have defined roles and responsibilities for the management of the NNI to ensure the seamless delivery and support for services in the region.
By leveraging Tata Communications' domestic infrastructure and global subsea fibre network, users will benefit from reduced latency and increased network availability, empowering them to rapidly access the business services they need.
"We are pleased to be working with Telstra to provide their customers the high level of connectivity support and access needed for growth and global investment into this key region," Tata Communications vice president-managed networks services James Walker said.
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 20:49 (IST)

JSW Cement Eyes 9-10 Per Cent Growth From Southern RegionKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Kochi: JSW cement, the largest producer of slack cement in India, is eyeing the coastal state of Kerala for expanding its business.
The company is aiming at 9-10 per cent growth from the southern states this year, Pankaj Kulkarni, Director-JSW Cement Ltd, told reporters in Kochi.
The focus will be on selling Portland slag cement (PSC), an environment-friendly product, high resistant to corrosion both from soil and atmosphere and would be beneficial for Kerala, which has a long coastline and the monsoon is severe, he said.
Since the last five years, there has been slowdown in construction sector and cement growth rate was 0.7 per cent of GDP - the lowest in the last 20 years. With the new government laying stress on infrastructure and housing, the growth is expected to multiply and come back to 1.3 per cent in the next few years, he said.
The southern states consume 56 million tonnes of cement produced in the country and JSW accounts for three million tonnes and a market share of five per cent.
The company was also looking at expanding the clinker making capacity in near future by setting up a plant in Chittapur in Karnataka.
Metros like Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore and Kochi will lead the way in the Southern market, JSW Cement CEO Anil Kumar Pillai said.
JSW Group, part of the $11-billion JSW Group, has made significant investments into cement manufacturing and will continue to add capacity to serve the burgeoning cement market, he said.
JSW cement is venturing into Maharashtra, Goa, Gujarat and Odisha markets and has over 1,500 dealers and more than 3,500 retailers across eight markets. In Kerala it has presence across 650 key dealers and over 1,200 retail counters.
Started in 2009, JSW Cement has facilities in Vijayanagar in Karntaka and Nandyal in Andhra Pradesh.
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 22:42 (IST)

Journey Ahead in Jan Dhan Scheme Bound to be Difficult: PM Modi to BankersDDA Housing Scheme: Draw to be Held on Tuesday
New Delhi: Five weeks after launching the ambitious financial inclusion scheme Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday asked bank officers and staff to undertake "mid-course corrections required" as the "journey is bound to become more difficult" in the future.
In an email to bank officers and staff, he hailed their contribution in "successfully" rolling out the scheme but added a word of caution against slackening.
He said he is "delighted by the unprecedented response" the scheme has received so far as he noted that over five crore bank accounts have been opened within five weeks of the launch against a target of 7.5 crore accounts in the first year.
"This is primarily due to your diligence and commitment. I had urged you to ensure that no one is left behind without a bank account. I always had faith in the ability of our system to rise to any challenge and with your unflinching dedication, sense of purpose and hard work, your results have far exceeded expectations," he wrote.
The Prime Minister had earlier sent an email to bank officers and staff on August 25 before launching the scheme on August 28.
"However, as we move ahead from here, the journey is bound to become more difficult and achievements harder to come by. Reaching the last few who do not have bank accounts is going to be progressively more difficult. We must not slacken our efforts in ensuring full coverage," he told the bankers.
"This is also the time to reflect and make mid-course corrections as required," he said.
Prime Minister Modi told the banking staff that a lot of effort will be required in promoting financial literacy amongst the new account holders and new accounts also need to be kept alive and properly utilised.
Aadhaar numbers will need to be seeded in bank accounts, facilities like e-KYC must be gainfully utilized and bank branches and 'Bank Mitras' will have to play a more proactive role so that every account holder is reached by a banking agent regularly, Mr Modi said in the email.
"I am confident that with the kind of enthusiasm and commitment that you have demonstrated, we will succeed in achieving Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana's objectives as planned," he added.
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 23:27 (IST)

Trident to Invest Rs 2 400 Crore in Madhya Pradesh Textile ProjectYou are here: Home Corporates
Trident to Invest Rs 2,400 Crore in Madhya Pradesh Textile Project
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 07, 2014 23:01 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New Delhi: Textiles major Trident Ltd on Tuesday said it will invest Rs 2,400 crore in its project in Madhya Pradesh, which is under different stages of implementation.
"The company shall make a total investment of Rs 2,400 crore for its composite textile project in Budni, Madhya Pradesh and shall engage about 25,000 families across all its business verticals," Trident said in a filing to the BSE.
The Ludhiana-based company, which inaugurated a terry towel plant, also laid the foundation stone of the second phase of its composite textile project comprising of two spinning units, a bed linen unit and a captive power plant.
"This project will have 500 looms capable of producing 3.6 million meters of bed linen per month, 1.85 lakh yarn spindles and 60 MW of captive power," it said.
While the power plant will be commissioned in September 2016, the bed linen and spinning units are expected to be operation by September next year and will add about Rs 1,200 crore to annual revenue, it added.
The composite textile project is fully vertically integrated and would provide the company a natural cushion against variations in cotton and yarn prices.
Elaborating on its terry towel plant, it said the unit comprises of 300 looms and would add about Rs 1,800 crore to its annual revenue.
"With this expansion, the installed capacity of Trident has increased to 688 looms capable of producing 90,000 TPA of terry towels," it added.
The inauguration of the plant marks the completion of first phase of composite textile project undertaken by the company in Budni, the company said.
"We intend to improve our product basket by offering a complete range of home textile products," Trident Group chairman Rajinder Gupta said.
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 22:12 (IST)

IMF sees FY15 India GDP at 5.6%; cuts world growth outlookOct 07, 2014, 09.11 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IMF sees FY15 India GDP at 5.6%; cuts world growth outlook
The IMF has warned that the world economy may never return to the pace of expansion seen before the financial crisis of 2008.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IMF sees FY15 India GDP at 5.6%; cuts world growth outlook
The IMF has warned that the world economy may never return to the pace of expansion seen before the financial crisis of 2008.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
For the third time this year, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) cut the world’s growth rate to 3.3 percent in 2014 and 3.8 percent in 2015 owing to weaker expansions in Japan, Latin America and Europe.
The global lending organization, in its World Economic Outlook report published on Tuesday, has warned that the world economy may never return to the pace of expansion seen before the financial crisis of 2008.
The IMF, however, has upgraded India’s FY15 GDP growth to 5.6 percent from the interim forecast of 5.4 percent made in July and estimates FY16 growth to be at 6.4 percent. The fund believes a pick up in exports and investments have aided India’s recovery.
"India has recovered from its relative slump, and, thanks in part to policy and a renewal of (economic) confidence, growth is expected to exceed five percent again," IMF chief economist Olivier Blanchard said in a statement.
Blanchard also said some emerging markets (EMs) are struggling and mentions Brazil and Russia as the unfortunate recipients of geopolitical uncertainity.
"Uncertain investment prospects in Russia had already led to low growth before the Ukraine crisis, and the crisis has made it worse," he said.
Given this weakness, the IMF has lowered its growth forecasts for EMs and developing economies to 4.4 percent this year and 5.0 percent next year.
While Blanchard said that United Kingdom (UK) and America are leading world growth, he cautions, saying, “Among advanced countries, the United States and the United Kingdom in particular are leaving the financial crisis behind and achieving decent growth. Even for them however, potential growth is lower than it was in the early 2000s.”
With inputs from CNBC and agencies
RELATED NEWS

Nokia Chennai plant closing may not tamper plans: MicrosoftAs far dampening investor enthusiasm, yes, it will have some impact but most companies are very pragmatic, they look at the future
Bhaskar Pramanik
Chairman
Microsoft India
Even as government tries to push the ‘Make in India’ campaign - one big global multi-national has pulled the curtains down on India.
Nokia will suspend production of mobile phones from its Chennai plant, the plant is one of the largest facilities for making hand-sets. But the company caught in a tax dispute with the state and central governments. The Chennai plant was also not part of the deal when Microsoft acquired Nokia.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Bhaskar Pramanik, chairman, Microsoft India said shutting of Chennai plant is unlikely to tamper the company's plans as it was never the part of the acquisition and hence, it will have no impact. He, however, is optimistic and does not see the move affecting the investor community too much.
“As far dampening investor enthusiasm, yes, it will have some impact but most companies are very pragmatic, they look at the future. We are eternal optimists and the Prime Minister said in Madison Avenue, the three Ds is democracy, demographics and it is demand. Very clearly there is a huge demand in India for anything,” he adds.
RELATED NEWS

TV ratings for the Nats-Redskins doubleheaderBy Dan Steinberg October 7 Follow @dcsportsbog
(By John McDonnell / The Washington Post)
Since there was a decent amount of curiosity, at least at my cubicle, here’s an update on local TV ratings for the Nats and Redskins over the past few days.
Now, this isn’t a competition between sports, or teams, or networks. The NFL and Major League Baseball does not make for a fair comparison, for a variety of reasons. And while the Nats-Giants playoff games have been on unfamiliar networks at unfamiliar times — late afternoon on Fox Sports 1, early evening on MLB Network — the Redskins appeared on ESPN, against the Super Bowl champs, at the same time Monday Night Football is always on.
But you’re smart. You can figure all that out yourself, and not make any insane generalizations based on a few pieces of information.
Nats, Game 1
The Nats-Giants opener received a 6.9 rating in the Washington market. That game began just after 3 on Friday, and appeared on Fox Sports 1. (Game 1 in 2012 — which appeared on TBS, on a Sunday — received an 8.4 household rating in the Washington area, which was then the highest local rating in Nats history.)
Nats, Game 2
The Nats-Giants marathon received a 9.5 rating in the Washington market. That game began around 5:30 on Saturday, lasted more than six hours, and appeared on Fox Sports 1. It was the most-watched Fox Sports 1 program ever in the D.C. market.
The game averaged a 11.5 household rating in the San Francisco market, which was also a local record. Nationally, the audience grew as the night went on; innings 10-18 had a rating 56 percent higher than innings 1-9, and the audience peaked between 11:30 pm and midnight on the East Coast.
(Game 2 in 2012, which appeared on TBS, did a 7.8 rating in this market. It was also a blowout loss.)
Nats Game 3
The first game in San Francisco received a 5.9 rating in the Washington market. That game began just after 5 and appeared on MLB Network.
MLB Network, which has fewer subscribers in this market than Fox Sports 1, also broadcast Game 3 of the Nats-Cardinals NLDS in 2012. That game registered just a 2.8 rating , which means the 2014 figure is up 111 percent over 2012.
Redskins on Monday Night Football
The Redskins-Seahawks game got a 14.0 rating on ESPN in the Washington market, and a 9.4 rating on WDCA in the Washington market, for a combined rating of 23.4. The game began around 8:30 on ESPN.
The game received a combined 45.2 rating in the Seattle market, and a national household rating of 8.2, according to Nielsen figures .
Among the non-local markets, the top 10 markets included Richmond/Petersburg (first at 18.5), Norfolk (fourth at 14.9) and Baltimore (fifth at 14.7).
Nats Games 4 (and 5?)
We obviously don’t know how a game 4 (or a game 5) will fare in this market, but for comparison, Game 4 in 2012 earned a 9.1 rating in this market, and game 5 earned a 16.7 rating , making it the most-watched Nats game in the modern era.
Here’s the list of the eight playoff games the Nats have played, from top to bottom. Bear in mind that only Game 5 in 2012 began in prime time.
Nats playoff ratings in Washington market
2012 Game 5: 16.7

Police Violated Constitutional Rights Of Ferguson Protesters  Federal Judge RulesPolice Violated Constitutional Rights Of Ferguson Protesters, Federal Judge Rules
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Police overseeing security at protests in Ferguson, Missouri, in August violated the constitutional rights of demonstrators and journalists by forcing them to stay in constant motion and not stop walking, a federal judge ruled on Monday.
Chief U.S. District Judge Catherine D. Perry held that the "practice of requiring peaceful demonstrators and others to walk, rather than stand still, violates the Constitution." She issued a preliminary injunction banning St. Louis County Police and Missouri State Highway Patrol officers from using the tactic.
"The evidence from plaintiff’s witnesses shows that the police, including those from St. Louis County, told many people who were either peacefully assembling or simply standing on their own that they would be arrested if they did not keep moving," wrote Perry, who sits on the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri. "Some law enforcement officers told people that they could stand still for no more than five seconds. Others gave instructions that people were walking too slowly, or that they could not walk back and forth in a small area. Some law enforcement officers did not make people keep moving, others did. Some officers applied the strategy to reporters, others did not. Many officers told people who were standing in small groups on the sidewalks during the daytime hours that they would be arrested if they did not keep moving."
Perry ruled that individuals who wished to gather "in the wake of Michael Brown’s tragic death have a constitutional right to do so." She also noted that "they do not have the right to endanger lives of police officers or other citizens." She said that nothing in her order restricted the ability of police officers to do their jobs.
“Vague rules that are applied in a haphazard fashion tend to increase community tension,” Tony Rothert, legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri, said in a statement. “Judge Perry’s injunction is a huge win for peaceful protesters and those who believe in the rule of law." The ACLU chapter had brought suit over the issue.
The "keep walking" or "five-second" rule was implemented in Ferguson on Aug. 18. Police officers would not allow anyone to congregate, even on public sidewalks, even in broad daylight.
Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson defended the practice at the time, saying the police were " not violating your rights . We're allowing you to protest." The federal judge disagreed.
During a hearing last month, St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said that the keep-walking rule was never meant to be enforced during the day and that there had been a miscommunication over the issue.
Also on HuffPost:

Zaheer Khan s greatest Youtube hitsMore
Zaheer Khan's greatest Youtube hits
From the Nairobi yorkers, to the Olonga sixes. From the jelly-bean incident, to the 2011 World Cup. Here's a montage of Zaheer's top moments.
Yahoo! Cricket –  Tue 7 Oct, 2014 1:26 PM IST

Centre to use Aadhaar-based system to track staff attendanceCentre to use Aadhaar-based system to track staff attendance
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 7:  
As part of the Digital India campaign, the Centre has launched an Aadhaar-based system developed by the National Informatics Center (NIC) to track attendance of Government employees.
The new system, www.attendance.gov.in, aims to ensure that the attendance of all Government employees will be visible in real time on the common attendance portal, ensuring transparency and accountability. An employee will have to register his/her attendance through a biometric (fingerprint or Iris) system, which will be authenticated online by doing a one-to-one match with the biometric stored in the UIDAI database against the employee’s Aadhaar number. The new system will be implemented in two phases.
In the first phase, 148 Central Government organisations (Ministry, departments and autonomous bodies etc) are on board with registration of 49,272 employees. To enable these employees to register their attendance, 1,000 wall-mounted biometric attendance terminals, 5,000 fingerprint scanning devices and 200 Iris devices have been procured and are being installed in about 100 Government bhawans/buildings.
In the second phase, all the Central Government organisations would use the common biometric attendance portal, which is hosted at the NIC data centre. Various Government organisations are operating across different locations. The major challenge is to enable and manage the attendance of across various locations keeping the total cost of ownership (TCO) low.
At present, various Government organisations have deployed proprietary biometric attendance solutions, which lack uniformity in technical architecture due to which these solutions are difficult to scale up and integrate. All departments will have a nodal officer for the new system. Then, there will be online registration of all employees. There will be two steps of verification.
First, the Aadhaar details will be verified by the UIDAI, while the nodal officer will do the second verification. Only after that will an employee be able to mark his/her attendance on the biometric terminal.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

Sensex down 27 points in early trade on weak global cuesSensex ends down 25 points in choppy trade; Infosys plunges 4.7%
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Yahoo lays off 400 employees at its Bangalore engineering centreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Adani Power demerges its transmission unitE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

NTPC to seek clarification from SC on deallocation of coal blocksE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

IMF urges infrastructure spending to boost tepid global recoveryHome »   Industry
IMF urges infrastructure spending to boost tepid global recovery
Increased investment in infrastructure such as roads and bridges is ‘one of the few remaining policy levers available to support growth’, says IMF in a report
Flipkart raising another large round of funds
IMF will release its latest World Economic Outlook on 7 October, ahead of its annual meeting in Washington from 10-12 October. Photo: Bloomberg
Ottawa: The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is urging countries to boost infrastructure spending to strengthen the sluggish global recovery.
Increased investment in infrastructure such as roads and bridges is “one of the few remaining policy levers available to support growth” in advanced economies, given that monetary policy is already loose, IMF staff said on Tuesday in a report to be included in its next World Economic Outlook. “In all economies it would help boost medium-term output,” they said.
Policy makers are looking for ways to speed up growth amid a global recovery that has repeatedly under-performed the IMF’s forecasts. The Washington-based lender will release its latest World Economic Outlook on 7 October, ahead of its annual meeting in Washington from 10-12 October.
There’s still “substantial economic slack” in many advanced economies, and inflation remains too low in the euro zone, IMF staff said in the report. In emerging markets, growth has fallen below levels in the decade before the financial crisis.
The disappointing results raise the prospect that global demand “will remain persistently weak,” IMF staff said, citing the theory of “secular stagnation’’ advanced by economists such as former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers.
At a meeting this month in Cairns, Australia, finance ministers and central bankers from the Group of 20 expressed concern about the “uneven’’ recovery and said investing in infrastructure was “critical to boosting demand and lifting growth.’’
Stronger boost
IMF staff looked at historical evidence and employed simulations to analyze the effects of infrastructure spending. They found that spending increases gave a stronger boost to demand when there’s slack in the economy and monetary policy is loose. In such cases, investment may actually decrease the ratio of public debt to gross domestic product, according to the IMF.
In emerging markets such as Brazil, India, Russia and South Africa, “infrastructure bottlenecks are not just a medium-term worry but have been flagged as a constraint even on near-term growth,” according to the report.
Still, output gains in many emerging and low-income economies may be limited if they don’t become more efficient at investing in infrastructure, the IMF found. Such nations may need to make changes such as better project appraisals, staff said. Bloomberg

Threes company for bond trading ventureThree’s company for bond trading venture
By Tracy Alloway and Michael Mackenzie - New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8b8d032-4d6e-11e4-9683-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pakistan continues to target civilian areas with mortar shells; India sounds alert invillagesPakistan continued targeting civilian areas with mortar shells all along the international border.
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:52 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 10:33 am
Even as Jammu region got lashed with heavy rains and thunderstorm on Tuesday night, Pakistan continued targeting civilian areas with mortar shells all along the international border, besides some parts of the Line of Control (LoC), injuring nearly a dozen people including a Junior Commissioned Officer (JCO) and two army personnel.
Pointing out that the situation is escalating with each passing day, sources said that Pakistani Rangers for the first time resorted to firing on Indian side along the international border in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district which had remained peaceful even during border skirmishes between the two countries during July-August last. The district administration has sounded alert in Samba and Hiranagar areas asking people to stay indoors. .
There was also heavy shelling going on at Jora Farm in R S Pura on Wednesday evening, sources said, adding that some people were also reported injured there. Reports of heavy shelling were also coming from other places in R S Pura and adjoining Arnia and Samba sectors.
Giving details, sources said that while three army personnel including Naib Subedar Subash Singh, Sepoy Surjit Singh and Sepoy Basant Kumar of 40 Rashtriya Rifles were injured in saujjian area of Poonch, ASI Resham Singh of the Border Security Force sustained splinter injuries in Kanachak sector. Three people were injured in Pargwal area as well.
Official sources said that all the BSF posts in Kanachak, Arnia and Pargwal in, besides Samba and Hiranaga were affected by Pakistani shelling. The BSF was also retaliating strongly and effectively.
Areas along the LoC in Mendhar and Poonch too were affected by mortar shelling from Pakistan side since Tuesday.
Ever since both US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi had during their two-hour long meeting in Washington committed to jointly fight terrorism, Pakistani troops and Rangers have resumed unprovoked firing on the Indian side along Line of Control and the international border. While a girl had been killed and nearly a dozen others injured in firing from across the border along the LoC so far, an army jawan was killed and another injured in IED explosion triggered by terrorists near the LoC in Mendhar last week.
In protest over repeated ceasefire violations by Pakistan, India has decided not to contact it for flag meeting. Instead, it has asked the troops to retaliate effectively to incidents of ceasefire violation from across the border.

Jennifer Lawrence: Nude photos leak was sexcrimePrint
Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence, whose nude photos were leaked online, has slammed the scam as sexual violation. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:49 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 9:50 am
Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence, whose nude photos were leaked online, has slammed the scam as sexual violation.
The 24-year-old actress was among the 101 woman celebrities, whose naked photographs were recently leaked on the Internet. It is said to be one of the biggest celebrity hacking scandals in recent memory, reported ABC news.
The pictures, which first appeared on image-sharing site 4chan, showed most of the celebrities nude or in provocative poses. Kate Upton, Selena Gomez, Kirsten Dunst, among others also feature on the list.
“It is not a scandal. It is a sex crime. It’s disgusting. The law needs to be changed, and we need to change. That’s why these websites are responsible.
“Just the fact that somebody can be sexually exploited and violated, and the first thought that crosses somebody’s mind is to make a profit from it. It’s so beyond me. I just can’t imagine being that detached from humanity. I can’t imagine being that thoughtless and careless and so empty inside,” Lawrence said, while breaking silence on the issue.
The young star said she chose to keep quiet as anything she wrote broke her further and made her cry or angry.
“I started to write an apology, but I don’t have anything to say I’m sorry for,” she said. “I was in a loving, healthy, great relationship for four years. It was long distance, and either your boyfriend is going to look at porn or he’s going to look at you,” she said about her condition.
She added that telling her family about the photos was even more difficult than figuring out what to say to the public.
She also criticised the people who looked at her nude pictures. “Anybody who looked at those pictures, you’re perpetuating a sexual offence. You should cower with shame,”
Even people who I know and love say, ‘Oh, yeah, I looked at the pictures.’ I don’t want to get mad, but at the same time I’m thinking, I didn’t tell you that you could look at my naked body,” she said.
The ‘American Hustle’ actress, however, is moving on from the incident. “Time does heal, you know. I’m not crying about it anymore. I can’t be angry anymore. I can’t have my happiness rest on these people being caught, because they might not be. I need to just find my own peace,” she said.

Saif Ali Khan named brand ambassador of Olympic GoldFestNational award-winning actor Saif Ali Khan has been named the brand ambassador of Olympic Gold Quest. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:41 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 9:42 am
National award-winning actor Saif Ali Khan has been named the brand ambassador of Olympic Gold Quest.
The 44-year-old ‘Race’ star has also announced a contribution of Rs 20 lakh every year till Rio 2016 Olympics to the NGO, which is founded by sports legends Geet Sethi and Prakash Padukone and aims at helping Indian athletes win gold medal at Olympic games.
“I am thrilled to be the brand ambassador of OGQ as I love all sports. OGQ has been doing wonderful work to help Indian athletes in their quest for Olympic glory. These athletes are the true heroes and we must all do our bit to support them,” Saif said in a statement.
His role will be to help raise funds in the form of donations and contributions which will go towards the training of the athletes supported by OGQ. He will also spread awareness about OGQ, its mission, vision and the impact that OGQ is creating in Indian Olympic sport.
“I am announcing a contribution of Rs 20 lakh per annum to OGQ until the Rio 2016 Olympics. This will go towards the training of the athletes supported by OGQ. In addition to this we will be doing a lot of fund raising events for Olympic Gold Quest,” the actor added.
Sethi said Saif, whose father Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi was an Indian cricket team captain, is a big boon for the organisation’s cause.
“It has always been the dream of OGQ to involve all Indians in our mission to help Indian athletes win Olympic medals. We believe that Saif Ali Khan, whose family has a strong legacy in sport, can help us make Olympic Gold Quest into a movement,” he said.

Supreme Court comes to the rescue of heritage properties in FatehpurSikriPrint
World heritage properties in Fatehpur Sikri have drawn the attention of the Supreme Court.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:38 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 10:47 am
After Agra’s Taj Mahal, world heritage properties in Fatehpur Sikri have drawn the attention of the Supreme Court, which has come to the rescue of the monuments sitting in shambles despite periodic bouts of release of concerns and funds.
From a new traffic movement plan to the construction of boundary walls around the monuments; from imminent removal of encroachments to the widening of the road; from installation of CCTV cameras to ensuring adequate security; the Supreme Court has issued slew of directions to the Uttar Pradesh government, the Archaeological Survey of India and others to make sure the monuments keep up to their status of being world heritage properties.
Built during the second half of the 16th century by Emperor Akbar, Fatehpur Sikri was the first planned city of the Mughal, constructed on the bank of a large natural lake that has now dried up.
The city wall, in its nine-kilometre run, is pierced by nine gates. Architecturally, Fatehpur Sikri exhibits a fusion of prolific and versatile Indo-Islamic style with showcasing a combination of secular and religious buildings carved of red sand stone. At Fatehpur Sikri stands the Asia’s tallest arched gateway known as Buland Darwaza.
However, a PIL in the court highlighted the miserable conditions in which the monuments sat in shambles and abject encroachments, while restricting space and cluttering up, threatened to engulf beauty of the historical buildings. The petition by Waseem Ahmed Saeed pleaded for intervention by the court to ensure conservation, maintenance and refurbishment of the monuments, which had been subjected to apathy by the state administration and the ASI.
In its recent order, a bench led by Justice H L Dattu directed the ASI and the UP government to pull up their socks and remove all the encroachments from the vicinity of the monuments, while also clearing the ways to their entry. It ordered for construction of boundary walls around Buland Darwaza and Agra Gate, after shutting all unnecessary entry to the monuments. The entry for the shopkeepers of the Shopping-cum-Interpretation Centre at Fatehpur Sikri would be from an alternate road.
The bench further said that no vehicle shall be allowed to be henceforth parked up to Badshahi Darwaza or Buland Darwaza and parking facility should be made available inside the Gulistan Parking Complex.
Rejecting an application by a shopkeeper who claimed entry to his house and shop would be affected if a compound wall is erected, the court said that all unauthorised access to the inside of the monuments must also be stopped immediately.
The bench asked the UP government to comply with its previous order of acquiring the land required to widen the road leading to Hathi Darwaza from the existing 5.5 meters metalled width to 10.5 meters and for for providing parking space next to the monument. It also directed the ASI continued…

Syrian border town of Kobani poised to fall to militants  warns TurkishpresidentSmoke rises after an airstrike in Kobani, Syria as fighting intensified between Syrian Kurds and the militants of Islamic State group, as seen from Mursitpinar in the outskirts of Suruc, at the Turkey-Syria border, Tuesday, Oct. 7, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Mursitpinar | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:30 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 10:02 am
Islamic State fighters were poised to capture a strategic Syrian town on the Turkish border, Turkey’s president warned Tuesday, even as Kurdish forces battled to expel the extremists from their footholds on the outskirts.
The outgunned Kurdish fighters struggling to defend Kobani got a small boost from a series of U.S.-led airstrikes against the militants that sent huge columns of black smoke into the sky. Limited coalition strikes have done little to blunt the Islamic State group’s three-week offensive, and its fighters have relentlessly shelled the town in preparation for a final assault.
Turkish riot police detain protesters as they use tear gas to disperse people who were protesting against Turkey’s policy in Syria as fighting intensified between Syrian Kurds and the militants of Islamic State group in Kobani, Syria, in Ankara, Turkey, Tuesday, Oct. 7, 2014. (Source: AP)
Warning that the aerial campaign alone was not enough to halt the Islamic State group’s advance, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan called for greater cooperation with the Syrian opposition, which is fighting both the extremists and forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar Assad.
READ: Kurds battle Islamist militants closing in on Syrian town 
“Kobani is about to fall,” Erdogan told Syrian refugees in the Turkish town of Gaziantep, near the border. “We asked for three things: One, for a no-fly zone to be created; Two, for a secure zone parallel to the region to be declared; and for the moderate opposition in Syria and Iraq to be trained and equipped.”
Erdogan’s comments did not signal a shift in Turkey’s position: He has said repeatedly that Ankara wants to see a more comprehensive strategy for Syria before it commits to military involvement in the U.S.-led coalition.
A Turkish forces armored vehicle patrols the border road in Mursitpinar, on the outskirts of Suruc, as fighting in nearby Kobani, Syria intensified between Syrian Kurds and militants of Islamic State group, at the Turkey-Syria border, Tuesday, Oct. 7, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab and its surrounding areas have been under attack since mid-September, with militants capturing dozens of continued…

Express 5: EC gets report on Vadra-DLF deal; no country for theoldWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 8:57 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 8:58 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. EXPRESS IMPACT:
The Election Commission, which had sought to ascertain whether the clearance given by the state government to a land deal between Robert Vadra and real estate firm DLF violates the model code of conduct, received a report from the Haryana poll authorities on Tuesday.
CLICK HERE TO READ WHAT INDIAN EXPRESS REPORTED ON VADRA-DLF DEAL
2. NO COUNTRY FOR THE OLD:
If you are old and single, you are most likely to be a woman living in a rural area. That’s the finding from the recently released Census 2011 data on households with people aged 60 years and above.
3. INDIA WARNS PAK:
Indian villagers sit near a blood stained spot after alleged mortar shell firing from the Pakistan side.
Amid repeated ceasefire violations across the Line of Control and International Border, the Army is learnt to have warned its Pakistani counterpart of an “effective, immediate and appropriate” response.
After repeated ceasefire violations across LoC, India warns Pak of ‘effective’ reply , report from ground zero by Pranav Kulkarni and Vijaita Singh
4. OPINION:
Alteration in the electoral landscape had a larger impact on BJP’s Uttar Pradesh bypoll performance than its Hindutva campaign.
Arithmetic, not ‘love jihad’ , by Praveen Chakravarty
5. WEST INDIES IN INDIA:
Dhoni wore a confounded look when a journalist asked him whether the side, in the tune-up to the big one next year, had addressed their three big problems in ODI cricket – openers, death bowlers and spinners.

Symantec exploring breakup of company: Bloom...Security software maker Symantec Corp is in advanced talks to split its business into two entities - one that sells security programs and another that does data storage, Bloomberg reported, citing people with knowledge of the matter.
An announcement may be a few weeks away, according to Bloomberg.
Symantec declined to comment on the report. "The company does not comment on rumors," Symantec spokeswoman Kristen Batch told Reuters in an email.
Reuters reported in April that Symantec, the biggest U.S. security software maker, was in the process of hiring banks to help advise on strategy and defend against possible activist investors.
Private equity firms were also looking at the possibility of breaking up Symantec into smaller pieces, some of which may also be attractive to industry peers, sources told Reuters at that time.
A breakup may position Symantec's separated businesses as acquisition targets, given that large companies including EMC Corp and Hewlett-Packard Co are interested in the stand-alone security business or in an independent storage business, Bloomberg reported.
Earlier this year, the company, known for its Norton antivirus software, abruptly fired its CEO as it struggles to revive growth amid eroding PC sales.
Symantec, which also offers data storage products, has seen revenue growth turn negative in recent quarters, unlike the rest of the security software market, which is growing at least 10 percent to 15 percent annually.
The slowdown is partly due to eroding PC sales, affecting demand for its software, which often comes bundled with new computers. It has failed to gain a strong footing in the market for mobile security.
If it goes ahead with the breakup, Symantec would join technology companies that are spinning off operations in an attempt to become more agile and capitalize on faster-growing businesses.
HP said earlier this week that it would split into two listed companies, separating its computer and printer businesses from its faster-growing corporate hardware and services operations.
Online auction company eBay Inc said last week it would spin off electronic payment service PayPal .

Property fair on Oct. 11  12Updated: October 8, 2014 10:33 IST
Property fair on Oct. 11, 12
Staff Reporter
Tweet
Living Spaces, the annual property expo hosted by The Hindu Property Plus, will be held on October 11 and 12 at Chennai Trade Centre.
First-time home buyers and veteran investors can meet with reputed developers and builders and explore options, ranging from private villas to apartments, which suit their budgets.
With suburbs mushrooming around the city, buyers will get an opportunity to assess and compare projects of different builders.
Further, the fair will also feature property developers with current projects in neighbouring States.
Leading banks will also be present to assist buyers with housing loans for both budget as well as luxury housing.
Spread over 30,000 sq.ft., Living Spaces will showcase 50 leading property developers and institutions, including Accord Housing Pvt. Ltd., Adroit, Agni, Alliance Group and Jain Housing.
The exhibition, in its ninth edition, will be held from 10 a.m. and 8 p.m. Entry is free.
The sponsors include State Bank of India and Wisdom Properties. Online partner is www.roofandfloor. com. For enquiry and stall booking, call 9841032832.

Mild showers likely in ChennaiUpdated: October 8, 2014 10:05 IST
Mild showers likely in Chennai
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu Following Tuesday’s light showers, an upper air circulation over Bay of Bengal may bring more rain to parts of the city. Photo: R. Ragu
Several places in the city and its suburbs experienced mild showers on Tuesday due to upper air circulation over the Bay of Bengal.
Nungambakkam and Meenambakkam recorded 5 mm and 15 mm of rainfall, respectively. This was due to the impact of the upper air circulation over west-central Bay of Bengal, off the Andhra Pradesh coast. This system is expected to bring rain or thundershowers in some areas of the city on Wednesday.
S.R. Ramanan, director of Area Cyclone Warning Centre, said the southwest monsoon was still prevailing, and a depression over the north Andaman sea may intensify. But this will not have any impact on Tamil Nadu.
The northeast monsoon that brings the major share of the State’s annual rainfall usually sets in around October 20.

See strong support level for mkt at 7800-7850: s2analytics08:00 am
Of late trading days have been mild, low volume, downward moving and the short positions should be making money, says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics, adding that stop losses on these positions should be tightened to 7900.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar, he says that the short-term trend is down and investors should stay on the short side till one is stopped out. Trail it on the lower side as time goes by, he adds.
Going ahead, Sukhani sees 7800-7850 as strong support levels provided that market does not hold the current levels.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: What is the market telling you, are we looking like we may pierce the 50 day moving average? A lot of people are worrying about that 7830 mark.
A: When we had the last discussion, the idea was to be short in the market with a stop loss at 8050 and then there were four trading days, which did not change the scenario. The trading days were mild, low volume, in one direction down and the short positions should be making money. This is for the trader, stop losses on these positions should be tightened to 7900. The short-term trend is down and the trend tells us that we should stay on the short side till we are stopped out and of course if it goes down then we will lower our stops, trail it on the lower side as time goes by. Will it breach the 50 day moving average? On my charts it has already done that yesterday so I would assume that it is already below it.
The last time the Nifty went below 50 days was in August beginning. It went below that level for one day because it is a moving average that is watched very closely by institutions. So institutions who are bullish on the market find test of the 50-day moving average as an ideal buying opportunity and in August, the market bounced back. I have no way of saying what will happen this time but what is interesting that this is a point in the next one-three days at which the markets will either find support or they will simply give way and look for a much deeper correction. We will find out exactly which scenario works out.
Q: Potentially what could be the near term target on the Nifty on the downside?
A: If this support does not hold, 7800-7850 is also a strong support level. It is also that psychological level that we have just discussed where institutions should step in. Assuming that this support does not hold then the targets are much lower. I think we will go all the way to 7500-7450. Earlier I explained how October is usually a weak month for the markets, it is a month where seasonally markets are lower. So the next few days will tell us how October will pan out.
Q: What is your view on any of the US equity indexes that you may be tracking, if its S&P 500, is it also in a make or break scenario or is it also just giving you a correction that will eventually revert to a bull market?
A: The US has a number of stock indices and the S&P 500 consists of the top 500 companies which is not yet in a make or break scenario, it is just giving a sense of correction. But the small cap index which they have, the Russell 2000 that is in a similar make or break scenario. So evidently, the smaller caps are going to breakdown first if that happens and that seems reasonable because the large companies attract a lot of money anywhere. But there also the very fact that it is telling us that it could breakdown is worrying.
Q: What is the trade now, do you still say that you would remain short and wait for 7900 as your stop loss?
A: That is the trade and the very fact that the markets are not going down is simply confirming what I explained earlier in that make or break area in the next couple of days we will know where the markets want to go and since we cannot actually time the market to precision, the short trade has a very tight stop loss in any case. So that is how trading should be done. Intraday traders could actually and now they are all both contradictory. If this market holds then intraday traders could look to buy the Nifty for small gains, buy the Nifty, but I think we will see a lot of volatility. So understand that part also.
Q: Today we are seeing big cuts in pharmaceutical names so Dr Reddys  Laboratories, Sun Pharma , Cipla  have opened with cuts of 1.5-2 percent. Would the sell recommendation that you gave us in the morning on few stocks extend to the pharma names also?
A: No it would not. Pharma and IT even though IT is also lower today, both are buying opportunities at some point not necessarily when they are falling in the morning but I would not go and short IT and pharma under any circumstances.
Q: Bharat Forge  has been a relative outperformer and today up 2.4 percent, there is some news as well on the stock but what is the chart saying?
A: Chart is saying it is going higher and we don’t question such excellent quality stocks, it is making lifetime new highs consistently. So if you are a position trader don’t worry about a 2 percent rally or anything else, you could buy it but the position trade will extent into November.
Q: Any trade in NTPC  or BHEL ?
A: No I don’t think there are opportunities in either of them today. There is a trade in Maruti, it has been one of the most resilient stocks and I think there is a long trade there.
Q: What is your trading strategy on Arvind ?
A: Arvind is a short-term trade because after the stupendous rally it is not that the trend has changed but even a correction can feel like a bear market in Arvind. I think that will happen because last four-five days it was in a trading range. Yesterday together with many other midcaps it broke down from that range so we are looking at lower levels in Arvind. Don’t make this into a long-term short, it is just for a few days, it is a swing trade.
Q: Would Century Textiles  be just as short-term a trade?
A: No, unfortunately not. Century is giving us a large distribution pattern and just to put it in context even the German DAX is giving us similar 11 month pattern that suggests it is on the verge of breaking down. So just as the Indian markets are at a make or break level, even the markets abroad are telling us either this will hold or much deeper correction are coming but Century Textiles is just breaking down from a very large distribution. It is a positional short that is a pity.
RELATED NEWS

Short Century Textiles  says Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Short Century Textiles, says Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is of the view that Century Textiles and Industries is a positional short.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " Century Textiles and Industries is giving us a large distribution pattern and just to put it in context even the German DAX is giving us similar 11 month pattern that suggests it is on the verge of breaking down. So just as the Indian markets are at a make or break level, even the markets abroad are telling us either this will hold or much deeper corrections are coming."
"Century Textiles is just breaking down from a very large distribution. It is a positional short, that is a pity," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Rupee Largely Steady at 61.43/DollarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US-Based Economist Unlikely To Be India AdviserThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

DLF moves SC challenging Haryana HC order... stock up 1%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ten years later  Indian hiring cos catch VC eye againThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

No power in this world can ever separate Mumbai from Maharashtra: Narendra ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM Modi s Silence on Kashmir Conflict During Aggressive Maharashtra CampaigningThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hi nay and nel ram leela i am backas i said always buy at the low and ...New Member
1 Followers
hi nay and nel ram leela i am backas i said always buy at the low and sell if u have bought today morning then book the profit.
buy in bulk at these rates or in f@o --there is trading window closed & next week it rallied --on 13 oct it trades around 645--675-buy it now as this is the last --bear grip--6
this is nay message on 1st oct
10.29 AM Oct 8th

Said no way uni closes low today ! we will see that at 3.30 !! enjoy t...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Which fundamentals you are talking about lil`s or yours525 Followers
Reposted about 46 days 17 hrs 1 min 25 sec ago by MIB301
aindia, Socialtron seems to be a very good step in making Lycos a  preferred destination site, and what better than games to pull up the Gen next. They will leave no stone unturned before Lycos shopping is formally launched.
10.22 AM Oct 8th

Supports under threat...should we surrender..
Dhoni is ISL team Chennaiyin FC co-ownersoccer
Indian cricket captain and the face of Chennai Super Kings (CSK), Mahendra Singh Dhoni, further enhanced his appeal among the city’s sports fans after he was announced as a co-owner of the Indian Super League franchise Chennaiyin FC here on Monday. “I am fortunate to get associated with the team,” said Dhoni. “I have played seven years of Indian Premier League (IPL) from this city. It would have been emotionally difficult if I had been associated with other teams like Mumbai or Kolkata. So I am glad to be a part of it.”
“Almost everyone in India knows that I started off as a footballer (goalkeeper). This was one opportunity to get associated with football.”
With city-based leagues being in vogue across sports, Dhoni, as captain of the most successful IPL team, sought to draw parallels with the highly popular cricket league. ISL, like the IPL, involves a heady mix of foreign and Indian talent and Dhoni said it was an opportunity for young Indians to learn from world-class players.
“The sport is different. But the format is quite similar. When CSK was formed, we also had foreign players. It helped us understand different cultures. I feel our Indian footballers should look up to these international stars and learn from the different footballing styles that they bring in.’’ As someone with rich experience in team building, both at the national level and in the IPL, Dhoni said that the team that gels best will come out successful.
“Players play better football at clubs than with countries as they spend a lot of time together. So, that will be the biggest challenge. To have the best dressing room atmosphere.”
“Also [with me being the co-owner] I can share some of my experiences with youngsters. Because pressure is something that’s the same irrespective of the sport.”
Dhoni also felt that the league can build a base from where players can emerge in the future.
“A lot of emphasis will be on developing the grass-roots game. When you talk to the younger generation, they discuss a lot about different leagues in the world. So the awareness is there. This [league] can prompt them to come out and play.”
After terming the league as one which has all the qualities to be as successful as the IPL, Dhoni urged the fans to get behind the team just like they support CSK. “After all, the one thing that a sportsperson needs is a chance to perform in front of packed houses.”

New York Times apologises for mocking India s Mars missionEYE BROWSE
New York Times apologises for mocking India's Mars mission
The caricature shows two members of the 'Elite Space Club' reading a newspaper on India's feat and look perturbed with the Indian farmer knocking at their door.
Yahoo India –  Mon 6 Oct, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: The New York Times has apologised after having been severely criticised by many readers over a demeaning, ‘racist’ cartoon ridiculing India’s successful Mars mission.
India garnered worldwide appreciation as it triumphed in its first interplanetary attempt by putting a satellite into orbit around Mars but in all the obsession around the 'Mangalyaan' a cartoon carried by The New York Times, that showed an Indian farmer with a cow knocking at the door of a room marked 'Elite Space Club', came in for severe censure for being racist.
 
The caricature shows two members of the 'Elite Space Club' reading a newspaper on India's feat and look perturbed with the Indian farmer knocking at their door.
 
The cartoon was criticised for overlooking the importance of the Mars mission that is seen by many as a major boost in India's space programme.
 
Following scores of complains from its readers, The New York Times newspaper had decided to tender an apology.
 
Andrew Rosenthal, editorial page editor of The New York Times, apologised through a Facebook post, saying: 'A large number of readers have complained about a recent editorial cartoon in The International New York Times, about India's foray into space exploration.’
 
‘The intent of the cartoonist, Heng Kim Song, was to highlight how space exploration is no longer the exclusive domain of rich, Western countries. Mr. Heng, who is based in Singapore, uses images and text - often in a provocative way - to make observations about international affairs,’ writes Rosenthal.
 
‘We apologize to readers who were offended by the choice of images in this cartoon. Mr. Heng was in no way trying to impugn India, its government or its citizens. We appreciate that readers have shared their feedback, which we welcome,’ he concludes.
 
India in September joined the United States and Russia in successfully sending probes into orbit around Mars.
 
The Mars Orbiter Mission, or MOM, cost Rs 450 crore ($74 million), a fraction of the $671 million the US space agency NASA spent on its newly arrived MAVEN Mars mission.
 
The Mars Orbiter Mission is India's first interplanetary mission to planet Mars with an orbiter craft designed to orbit Mars in an elliptical orbit.
 
After a nine-month long journey, the Orbiter entered Mars’ orbit on September 24.
Recommend

iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus to hit stores in 10 daysApple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to hit Indian stores in another 10 days
By Gulveen Aulakh , ET Bureau | 7 Oct, 2014, 02.44AM IST
0
Share More
Apple will sell the smartphones from October 17 in three storage variants through its official distribution partners Redington, Ingram Micro and Rashi Peripherals.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Large format retailers are busy lining up easy payment options while top carriers Bharti Airtel and Reliance Communications are finalising data bundling offers as Apple begins pre-orders of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones from 12:01 am on October 7, and starts selling them 10 days later.
Apple will sell the smartphones from October 17 in three storage variants through its official distribution partners Redington , Ingram Micro and Rashi Peripherals . The 4.7-inch 16 GB iPhone 6 will costRs 53,500, the 64 GB storage variant will come for Rs 62,500, while the 128 GB has a price tag of Rs 71,500, according to Redington's website. The 5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus will be priced higher than its smaller counterpart with the 16 GB variant priced at Rs 62,500 and the 64 GB model costing Rs 71,500. The 128 GB variant is the most expensive, at Rs 80,500.
"The devices will be available at all leading modern trade stores and retail outlets across India," Ingram Micro said in a statement on Monday. Infibeam, the sole authorised online retail partner of Apple for iPhones in India , said that it will begin taking pre-orders of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus online, for deliveries on October 17.
Interestingly, the prices for iPhone 6 are the same as those of the iPhone 5S launched last year, the 16 GB variant of which helped Apple cross the 1 million-mark in India iPhone sales within its financial year ended September 2014, for the first time ever.
Some retailers that ET spoke to said that they have received a rush of inquiries for the latest devices which it launched in the US on September 9, even as Apple is yet to decide on the stocks that will be given to each of the retail chains. Some caution that limited stocks — thanks to continuing strong global demand and start of the devices' sale in China on October 17 - may leave many aspiring buyers disappointed.
"We've been getting inquiries since the US launch and this time, pre-orders are beginning 10 days in advance, which is a big surprise because usually pre-orders in India are limited to 3-4 days that we've seen in the past," said Himanshu Chakravarti, CEO of The Mobile Store, India's largest retail chain with 450 stores selling mobile phones.
The long pre-order period, some say, is aimed at cornering a chunk of buyers in the premium segment as Diwali approaches. Recent weeks have seen a slew of launches in the high-end segment, with Sony launching its flagship products Xperia Z3 and Xperia Z3 Compact last week at Rs 51,990 and Rs 44,990, respectively.
BlackBerry launched its Passport smartphone a week back forRs 49,990 while Samsung introduced the Galaxy ALPHA smartphone for Rs 39,990, and is scheduled to launch the Galaxy Note 4 before Diwali.
To push Apple sales, The Mobile Store will offer EMI scheme to buyers who use credit cards to make the purchase, and it is also planning to accept pre-booking of the iPhones at its retail stores for a token amount which could be as low as a few thousand rupees,Chakravarti said.
Satish Babu, founder of Chennaibased retail chain UniverCell, said that the demand has been "very good, irrespective of the bending issues or grey market pricing", but added that Apple had not confirmed the number of units that will be given to the larger retailers.
The technology major may offer fewer stocks to India since it faces far higher international demand and also since the company will on October 17 begin selling the iPhones in China which is a much bigger market compared to India, say sector watchers.
"Stocks will be very low," said a top executive at another large retailer on the condition of anonymity. He added that an expected sales forecast would be done this week after which stock will be deci ded a few days before October 17. Despite a number of smartphone launches before Diwali, sector trackers feel Apple is best placed to capitalise on the festive demand in the premium segment. "They (Apple) will take a large share of the premium smartphone segment, without doubt," said Chakravarti.
Mobile phone service providers Bharti Airtel and Reliance Communications, which had partnered with Apple during the launch of the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C last year, will also sell the new models through their offline and online stores, bundled with some data plans.
People aware of the plans of the telcos said that the companies were firming up staggered payment options and financing schemes from banks for consumers who would be lining up to buy the smartphones despite the ongoing tussle between online and offline retailers.
"For a quarter (the iPhone) sales will jump, because of EMI schemes," said Sanchit Vir Gogia, founder CEO at Greyhound Research.
He, however, added that sales would dwindle after a quarter or two and would not be dramatically high, like in the US where Apple sold 10 million in the first weekend, since the market in India will be limited to Apple users, many of who are still not ready to move beyond the iPhone 5S.
"We spoke to about 400-450 iPhone users, did a small study and we found that 60-70 per cent of iPhone users are not comfortable moving on. First, the iPhone 6 Plus is too big, it bleeds into the iPad Mini . Second, many don't find anything revolutionary different in the new devices," he said.

Intex Technologies launches new smartphone at Rs 4 333Intex Technologies launches new smartphone at Rs 4,333
By ET Bureau | 6 Oct, 2014, 02.10PM IST
0
Share More
Operating on Android 4.4.2 Kitkat, the smartphone targets the youth with a 1.0 GHz Dual-core processor, a 5 MP rear camera and a front VGA camera that supports video calling.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Intex Technologies Monday launched its latest smartphone, Aqua Y2 PRO, priced at Rs 4,333 to tap into the demand, especially from the youth, for mobile devices during the festival season.
Operating on Android 4.4.2 Kitkat, the smartphone targets the youth with a 1.0 GHz Dual-core processor, a 5 MP rear camera and a front VGA camera that supports video calling. This dual-SIM handset has a 4 GB inbuilt memory, expandable up to 32GB.
Sanjay Kumar Kalirona, Mobile Business Head at Intex Technologies said, that the new Y2 PRO "is the most reasonably priced 3G smartphone in 4.5 inch screen".
Aqua Y2 PRO is available in two colors - Black & Navy Blue and is available through Intex's strong distribution network comprising of over 1100 distributors and 50,000 dealers besides more than 250 dedicated counters of hyper market chains and specialty stores across the country.
Apart from that, the handset can be bought via TV shopping channels and e-commerce websites too.

Ajit Pawar projects himself for chief minister s postAjit Pawar
(Pawar was on tour of Marathwada…)
MUMBAI: NCP leader Ajit Pawar has launched himself as his party's chief ministerial candidate through a special television commercial campaign. Ajit Pawar admitted publicly during his tour of Marathwada that projecting a CM candidate and effective media campaign could get his party desired results.
Pawar was on tour of Marathwada region over the weekend. Pawar told ET: "It was perhaps my mistake to underestimate the impact of the media. In the Lok Sabha campaign too I saw that an effective television campaign helped BJP a lot. I used to depend more on direct contact with people and my activists but I have realised that proper projection can make all the difference".
Pawar had targeted former CM Prithviraj Chavan for his solo appearance in a television commercial which showed him as the chief ministerial candidate and projected him Maharashtra's leader. However, now Ajit Pawar too has launched a similar campaign which shows him connecting with people and projects him as the top leader of NCP. The TV campaign claims that Ajit Pawar has a proven track record of capable leadership and swift decision making.
"Whenever I used to go to meet my mother in my village during the festive season or some special occasion, I used to go there quietly, meet my mother and return. But recently I discovered that some leaders take media and all television cameras along with them to meet their mother in their village. They make sure that their meeting with their mother is recorded on camera and shown on national channels. This gets them popularity. I have realised that projection on television makes all the difference," said Pawar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Female candidates get only 10% tickets in Maharashtra pollsAshok Chavan
(Although the state has reserved…)
AURAGABAD: Just about one in ten candidates in the upcoming assembly elections in Maharashtra is a woman, belying claims of women's empowerment among political parties across the spectrum and the state's rich history as home to social reform movements.
Although the state has reserved half the seats in local self government units such as panchayats and municipal corporations for women, just 82 or 10.6% of the 7,701 contestants that have filed nominations for the assembly elections are women.
While the Congress has given 27 tickets to women candidates, the BJP has fielded 21 women, the Nationalist Congress Party has 19 women candidates in the fray and the Shiv Sena just 10.
"It's not like our party has not given any seats to women in these elections. Our party has kept 19 seats quota for women. This is on the higher side compared to other parties," said Chitra Wagh, president of the NCP's women's wing.
However, she added candidly, "But every party also has to look at whether the candidate will win in a particular constituency. After all, we contest elections to win them so we have to go according to what the people want."
The NCP is contesting 284 seats while the Congress has fielded candidates from all 288 seats, the BJP has 257 candidates in the fray and the Shiv Sena is contesting 286 seats.
Even among the few women candidates in the fray, most are daughters of established political leaders. In Solapur, Sushilkumar Shinde's daughter Prantati Shinde is contesting, In Nanded, Ashok Chavan's wife Amita Chavan is contesting while in Beed, Gopinath Munde's daughter Pankaja Munde-Palve has filed the nomination.
However, leaders claim this is a step in the right direction.
"I don't think there is any discrimination between relatives of leaders and other women. We have given almost 10% tickets to women and there are many like Rajani Pawar or Susieben Shah who are not relatives of established politicians. But the ability to win is also an important consideration," said Congress leader Neela Limaye.
Maharashtra has had a tradition of political leaders' daughters or wives taking up social work and later following into their father's or husband's footsteps. Sharad Pawar's daughter Supriya Sule contested the Lok Sabha polls from Pawar's home turf of Baramati while Congress leader Sunil Dutt's daughter Priya Dutt contested general elections from Mumbai North-East constituency, as did BJP leader Pramod Mahajan's daughter Poonam Mahajan-Rao, and Gopinath Munde's second daughter Preetam is now contesting Lok Sabha bypolls from Beed. The pattern is much the same in the upcoming assembly polls as in the April-May general elections.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vadra land deal: Electoral Commissioner summons Modi s speech CDBhupinder Singh Hooda
(After Modi made the allegations…)
CHANDIGARH: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday accused Haryana's Bhupinder Singh Hooda government of clearing a contentious land deal between Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-inlaw Robert Vadra and real-estate giant DLF after the model code of conduct for elections came into force.
After Modi made the allegations at election rallies at Hisar and Faridabad , Haryana's chief electoral officer summoned a recording of his speech to examine the comments. Chief Minister Hooda dubbed the comments as "false propaganda" by the PM and said he would quit politics if it is proven that the land involved was owned by the government.
Modi questioned the "haste" shown by the Haryana government in clearing the deal, and "hoped" that the Election Commission would take note of it.
"We will scrutinise the comments of the PM regarding the purported clearance given by the state government and then take a decision," Chief Electoral Officer Shrikant Walgad told ET. "We are not concerned with something if it has happened before the model code of conduct was invoked."
A senior government official, requesting anonymity, said there was no violation of the code as the decision was made in July, two months before to code of conduct came into force.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Givers like Amit Chandra helping to build NGOs  capacityYou are here: Home > Collections > Programme
Merely funding NGOs not enough; philanthropists like Amit Chandra helping to build their 'capacity'
Naren Karunakaran, ET Bureau Oct 7, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Insurability
(Amit Chandra's years of…)
The week-long programme on strategic perspectives in non-profit management (SPNM) that Zeena Johar of SughaVazhvu Healthcare attended at Harvard Business School (HBS) in Boston recently left her bleary-eyed and exhausted. Her typical day would start at 4 am and continue till late in the evening; the class went through 26 case studies in a week.
For Johar, who drives an innovative primary healthcare programme in 50 villages of Thanjavur district in Tamil Nadu, SPNM exposed her to radical new thinking and to the challenges — and allures — of scaling. She came away impressed with a new financing mechanism — social impact bonds — that is gaining currency in the West. "The peer conversations were also quite enriching," she says.
Johar was part of a small group of NGO leaders who were at this HBS course courtesy Dasra, a Mumbaibased strategic philanthropy foundation, and Amit Chandra, managing director of Bain Capital Advisors and a philanthropist. "Building abilities to scale is core to our interventions," says Deval Sanghavi of Dasra.
Chandra picked up the entire programme tab and he wants to make it an annual event. It fits into his new giving journey of focusing exclusively on capacities of NGOs after having funded numerous projects in healthcare, education and skills for over a decade. His years of exposure to the Indian social sector have left him with the belief that the sector can reach the next level only if a sustained effort in supporting NGO capacities is made. The development challenges in India are huge. All along we have had a few deeply passionate individuals trying to make a difference on the back of their charisma and some capabilities. This, he says, is not enough.
Capacity Depletion
The trigger for him to set his sights on capacities was the new Companies Act, which mandates companies of a certain size spend 2% of their net profit on corporate social responsibility activities. The impediments are many. Where are the social-sector vehicles to address issues on scale? Do our NGOs even have the mindsets, organisational structures or human capital to forge collaborations with government and corporates on developmental challenges?
Development experts say the situation is grim. "In fact, over the years, there has been a significant capacity depletion of NGOs," says Rajesh Tandon, president of the New Delhibased Participatory Research in Asia. "Capacity building is reduced and equated to mere training programmes." More often than not, the socalled capacities enabled by institutional donors, and even the government, are only about how to spend — keeping books, and adhering to monitoring and other needs of funders.
Support for real capacities, he says, are ignored. The capacity-building ecosystem has been distorted. Perhaps the involvement of professionals and philanthropists from the corporate world, with their hands-on feel of the fundamentals of capacities, may alter the scenario.
Understanding Capacity
The complex nature of capacity building has kept philanthropy away from this space all along. Donors would like their monies to be linked to measurable outputs: number of children in school, litres of water treated, skills and jobs provided, or medicines/services delivered. But how do you measure capacities? It rarely occurs to donors that unless the organisation itself is robust, it will struggle to deliver the goals sought of it. Lending inner strength to an NGO also requires money and support. Even institutional donors prefer to fund programmes and squirm if an NGO seeks money to spend on itself.
The 'invisibility' of capacity is quite galling to most. Answers to questions — is it a learning organisation; how does it relate to other actors; is it endowed with team spirit; is it resilient — can be quite elusive and difficult to pin down. Sometimes, experts say, it's not visible to the organisation itself, leave alone outsiders.
  The intangible nature of capacity is implicit in one of the most acceptable definitions of capacity: the ability of a human system to perform, sustain itself and self-renew. Capacities can also be influenced by many factors, including local conditions, resources available, and even by leadership ambitions or the lack of it. "NGO leaders are often heavily constrained by the system and also their own imagination," says Chandra. "We have to break out of this."
Today, in India, there are millions of small NGOs slowly chipping away at huge developmental challenges. The multitude doesn't even have the capacity to absorb a budget above `10 crore. Even Bangladesh has a BRAC, a development organisation with an annual expenditure of $718 million in 2013 (about `4,000 crore) and reaching an estimated 135 million people. It is perhaps the largest NGO in the world. Tandon, though, attributes the growth of BRAC to the political economy typical to Bangladesh.
Scaling Up

How India Inc s are driving philanthropic initiativesHow India Inc's top names like Azim Premji, Ratan Tata, others are driving philanthropic initiatives
Naren Karunakaran, ET Bureau Oct 2, 2014, 03.37AM IST
Tags:
Anand Mahindra
(Ratan Tata, chairman emeritus…)
These 33 Indians and 3 NRIs are defining Indian philanthropy, be it with their money, the areas they are working in, the approaches they are taking or the attitude shifts they are trying to bring about. ET traces their giving:
The Quiet Benefactors
The first Tata benefaction— the JN Tata Endowment — in higher education was in 1892. One of the many who drew on this particular benefaction was the late president KR Narayanan, a Tata scholar, who hailed from a poor Dalit family.
Ratan Tata, chairman emeritus of the group, believes India is still feudal in its mindset and that much of the inequity in society can be attributed to the debilitating caste system. Dalit issues, therefore, were integral to his giving. And now, his successor, Cyrus Mistry, too is experimenting with innovative platforms to drive Dalit entrepreneurship.
The duo is part of a distinguished cohort of Indian philanthropists— that also includes Adi Godrej of the Godrej Group, Anu Aga of Thermax and Farhad Forbes of the Forbes Marshal Group—attempting to comprehend, unravel and act on complex issues of Dalit empowerment.
It can be witnessed, to varying degrees, in some of their companies in the form of skills delivery, or supplier diversity, and also, of late, in their never-talked about personal giving.
When the fledgling Dalit Indian Chamber of Commerce & Industry (DICCI) was struggling to hold a convention and trade fair a couple of years ago in Mumbai, it was Adi Godrej who helped stage it.
His forebear Ardeshir Godrej's first donation, in 1926, was for a Dalit cause.
When DICCI was a small, ragtag bunch of entrepreneurs from Pune, some even reluctant to come out of the closet as Dalits, Anu Aga, and her daughter Meher Pudumjee, with their personal resources, helped them showcase the community.
 
More than anything else, it was a face-the-world and a confidence-building exercise for DICCI.
Farhad Forbes, who witnessed the black empowerment movement in the US as a student, is one of the most ardent advocates of Dalits, both within his companies and outside. He has institutionalised a successful skills programme for Dalits and the underprivileged.
The heft and visibility that this small group of business leaders has offered to affirmative action in the private sector is much more than what money can achieve. Their giving to the Dalit cause, despite the raised eyebrows of peers, is understated, and transformational.
The Science of Giving
Infosys co-founder Kris Gopalakrishnan is seeking to unravel the mysteries of the human brain by combining medical research and computing. For this, he has committed Rs 225 crore over 10 years by seeding the Centre for Brain Research at the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore.
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw of Biocon, who has been chaperoning a 1,400-bed cancer hospital, is now keen on research in cancer care, with a focus on new drug-delivery mechanisms.
NRI philanthropist Romesh Wadhwani has also been endeavouring to improve the research ecosystem in India through funding of centres of innovation. He is supporting research in biosensors and cancer cell motility at IIT, Mumbai, and cardiac and neural research at the Institute for Cell Biology & Regenerative Medicine. The focus is on low-cost solutions with high global impact.
Mavens in Collective Giving
Giving away portions of your wealth and spending time on the causes you cherish is a good thing.
Better still is drawing on your considerable sphere of inf luence and channelling the combined energy into a single or multiple causes. This set of philanthropists is doing, learning and setting the ground rules for collectivism.
It's not a trifling thing.
Ashish Dhawan, venture capitalist-turned-philanthropist, along with a bevy of co-founders he roped in over a long period, has raised enough to build a modern campus and launch the maiden academic session in August this year of Ashoka University, India's first liberal-arts university.
Ramadorai, post his tenure at Tata Consultancy Services, has trudged this path, raising over Rs 85 crore to build a paediatric hospital in Mumbai, set to be the country's largest.
Rajashree Birla of the Aditya Birla Group has, over the years, raised over $14 million for polio eradication alone.
Nimesh Sumati and Rajesh Kacholia, both Mumbai businessmen, have catalysed Caring Friends—an eclectic, informal and expanding giving group of people who fraternise, raise and channel over Rs 25 crore each year into high-impact NGOs.
Inspiring, marshalling and sustaining the power of a collective towards a common goal can indeed lead to phenomenal outcomes.
  New Approaches

Attendance.gov.in: Website tracks babus  attendanceAttendance.gov.in
(The system also gives a dynamic…)
NEW DELHI: Using UIDAI, Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led NDA government has launched a Biometric Attendance System (BAS) for government employees. Attendance.gov.in has been launched to keep a track on the attendance records of employees.
Under the system, an organisation needs to register on the website. According to the website, "A back-end administrator will check the details of the organisation submitted and make the organisation active by assigning it a unique sub-domain which will be the first name of the website."
Aadhaar number is essential for registering an employee in BAS. The Attendance IDs of employees will be generated from their Aadhaar numbers. The 6 digit number will be generated based on the last 6 or first 6 digits of the person's Aadhaar number. The attendance ID will only be active when the employee's Aadhaar information has been verified by UIDAI and activated by the Nodal officer.
The employees will be required to enter their 6-digit Attendance ID on the terminal and subsequently the system will ask for finger print verification. The staff will be able to mark attendance in any bio-metric terminal installed in various Central Government buildings.
Since network connectivity is essential for marking attendance, the government is planning two types of connectivity with each attendance terminal; wi-fi on NICNET/broadband and SIM based GSM connectivity on tablets.
The system will not only help track the number of registered organisations and employees, but also give a dynamic interface to know the number of people attending office and the count of active devices.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jitendra Singh asks states to promote self-attestation of documentsAjit Kumar Seth
("Introducing a single,…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre has written to states asking them to promote self-attestation of documents in place of notarised and gazetted officer-signed affidavits required for majority of government-related works.
Terming it a good governance initiative, Minister of State for Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions, Jitendra Singh today said introducing a single, self-attested affidavit would go a long way in simplifying processes and revolutionising governance in the country.
"It is one of the good governance initiatives taken by the government. We are promoting self-attestation of documents in place of affidavits. We have written to states and sought their views too," Singh said.
The government is yet to come out with an official order in this regard. "The intent of declaration has been made very clear. We cannot give any timeline for it (implementation of self-attestation of documents)," Singh told reporters here after inaugurating two-day symposium on 'Excellence in Public Service and Public Administration' here.
He said the government need to focus on maximising and simplifying governance.
"It has been our endeavour to ensure maximum governance and minimum government. We will continue to simplifying government processes," the Minister said.
At present, an individual has to spend about Rs 200-500 to get a notarised affidavit, whereas, getting a certificate or affidavit from a gazetted officer remains a herculean task for common man, especially those living in remote areas of the country. (MORE) PTI AKV PRM 10071436 NNNN
Cabinet Secretary Ajit Kumar Seth , who was also present at the function, said the government is determined to improve public service delivery system.
"We are working towards meeting our government's priority to bring innovation, energy and drive to transform public service delivery in the country," Seth said.
Underlining the importance of partnerships in improving public service, N Ravi Shankar , Secretary, Administrative Reforms and Public Grievances, said, "In today's time, government institutions and civil society cannot stand alone. Collaborative efforts between government, private sector and civil society are needed to sustain progress towards development goals."
The two-day event showcases outstanding global examples of best practices and reforms which have made a significant impact in improving public administration and public service delivery.
Countries presenting innovative reforms include Bangladesh, Brazil, Bahrain, Canada, Dubai, Ethiopia, Ecuador, Ghana, India, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Nepal, Peru, Senegal, Singapore, Tanzania , Turkey, Thailand, Trinidad and Tobago , and Uruguay.
Gujarat's online grievance redressal mechanism or 'Swagat' is amongst 21 global innovations in public administration which are being showcased at the symposium.
By creating a direct interface between citizens and the Chief Minister of Gujarat, 'Swagat' has enabled ordinary citizens to seek redressal for their grievances through an online platform.
The initiative received the prestigious United Nations Public Service Awards in 2010. In addition to Gujarat, most of the other participating initiatives are recipients of either the United Nations Public Service Awards or the Commonwealth Association for Public Administration and Management Awards, said a press release issued by United Nations Development Programme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Efforts to strengthen bond with overseas Indians: Narendra ModiInsurability
("Am very glad to share that…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi Monday said efforts for overseas Indians being undertaken by the government will help "further strengthen our bond with the diaspora".
In a series of tweets, Modi said: "Am very glad to share that government of India has moved swiftly on the announcements I had made on consular and visa issues during my US visit."
"Am sure these efforts will further strengthen our bond with the diaspora and give an impetus to our development journey," he added.
The prime minister said that a Sep 30 Gazette notification said that all Person of Indian Origin (PIO) cards are valid for lifetime of cardholders. Earlier it was for 15 years.
"The gazette notification fulfils the announcement that all PIO cardholders will now enjoy a lifelong visa to India," he said.
He said that the gazette notification also says that PIO card holders would not have to report to police stations, even if their visit exceeds 180 days.
"Instructions have been issued to embassies and consulates that apart from special circumstances, US nationals should get visas for 10 years," he said, adding that the ministry of home affairs is working on the new scheme which will merge the People of Indian Origin (PIO) and Overseas Citizenship of India (OCI) schemes.
Modi had made a number of announcements on consular and visa issues during his address at the Madison Square Garden in New York Sep 28, while he was on a five-day sojourn to the US.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty fall 1%; metals  capital goods  banks dragMoneycontrol Bureau
03:30pm Market Closing
The market extended its southward journey for the second trading session of the October month with the Sensex falling 296.02 points or 1.11 percent to 26271.97 on Tuesday.
The Nifty closed way below the 7900, down 93.15 points or 1.17 percent to 7852.40. About 1120 shares advanced while 1762 shares declined on the BSE.
Hindalco Industries, Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, Dr Reddy's Labs, HDFC, DLF, Jindal Steel and Cairn India were top losers, falling 3-6 percent while NTPC, Gail India and Power Grid bucked the trend, up 1-1.5 percent followed by Tata Motors, Wipro and Tata Power with marginal gains.
02:55pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks extended losses in last hour of trade with the Sensex falling 277.62 points or 1.04 percent to 26290.37 and the Nifty shedding 84.10 points or 1.06 percent to 7861.45.
Decliners beat advancers on the Bombay Stock Exchange by a ratio of 1718 to 1071.
HDFC, Dr Reddy's Labs, Sun Pharma, Hindalco Industries, Sesa Sterlite, DLF, Cairn India and Jindal Steel topped the selling list, down 3-6 percent.
02:30pm Interview
KK Mohanty, managing director, Gammon Infrastructure says the company has pared the promoter share by 15 percent to 65 percent.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Mohanty says the company is not into corporate debt restructuring (CDR)  and has more than 6 operational projects.
Furthermore, he adds that while the company’s Nasik and Mumbai tollway has seen a dip in traffic, the company expects to log in a revenue of Rs 1000 cr.
02:00pm Market Check
The market slipped further with the Sensex losing 211.53 points to 26356.46 and the Nifty falling 63.55 points to 7882 weighed down by capital goods, healthcare, metals, and banking and financials stocks.
About 1163 shares have advanced, 1560 shares declined, and 115 shares are unchanged.
Shares of HDFC, L&T, Sun Pharma, M&M, Sesa Sterlite, Dr Reddy's Labs and Hindalco Industries lost 2-4 percent while  Tata Motors and NTPC gained 1-2 percent.
In the midcap space, Apollo Tyres, Hathway Cable, Shipping Corporation, Sobha Developer and Religare Enterprises rallied 4-7 percent while Den Networks, Trinity Trade, Petronet LNG, Gujarat State Petronet and Blue Star lost 4-6 percent.
Among smallcaps, Cera Sanitary, Shree Global, Heidelberg Cement, OCL India and Sundram rose 6-16 percent whereas ESS DEE, Oscar Investment, Venkys, Bodal Chemicals and Orissa Sponge slipped 5-6 percent.
13:00

Its up  up and away for IT stocks; TCS  HCL Tech outperform benchmark SensexIt’s up, up and away for IT stocks; TCS, HCL Tech beat Sensex
Devangi Gandhi | Mumbai | Updated:  Oct 08 2014, 10:34  IST
Oct 08 2014, 10:34  IST
 

Hero Cycles calls off deal with German co MIFAHero Cycles calls off deal with German company MIFA
By ET Bureau | 8 Oct, 2014, 07.47AM IST
Tweet
The proposed acquisition, Pankaj Munjal-owned company’s first attempt to venture out of India, was aimed at acquiring cutting-edge technology. 
NEW DELHI: Hero Cycles, the world's largest bicycle maker by volume, has called off its proposed acquisition of Germany's leading cycle maker Mitteldeutsche Fahrradwerke AG (MIFA) citing non-fulfilment of a condition of the agreement by the company.
The two manufacturers had on August 22 entered into a definitive agreement, under which the Delhi-based Hero Cycles was expected to invest about 19 million euros (about Rs 160 crore), including working capital of 4 million euros, in buying a little over 60% stake. The proposed acquisition, Pankaj Munjal-owned company's first attempt to venture out of India, was aimed at acquiring cutting-edge technology and entering the premium markets in Europe and elsewhere.
"Hero Cycles and MIFA entered into binding agreement in August 2014 and MIFA had to fulfil closing conditions for Hero Cycles to invest in the company maximum of 15 million euros for shareholding in MIFA. However, MIFA could not complete the closing conditions and has filed for insolvency," Rohit Maheshwari, chief financial officer of Hero Cycles said.
He added: "Hero Cycles is the leader in bicycle segment for the last 60 years and has automotive technology and supplies to all majors. The European strategy of Hero Cycles remains intact."
Failing to consummate the deal, MIFA has filed for bankruptcy in a local court. "An essential element of the basic agreement, which was concluded on August 22 with OPM Global, a subsidiary of the Indian bicycle manufacturer Hero Cycles Limited to financially restructure MIFA could not be implemented despite the covenants given," MIFA said.
"Despite intensive negotiations with those responsible at Hero it has so far not been possible to achieve an ultimate solution in one part of the agreement. For this reason, I have decided in view of my responsibility for the MIFA employees to file an application with the district court," said Stefan Weniger, the MD of MIFA said.

KFC parent cut profit expectations in halfKFC parent cuts profit expectations in half
By Melvin Backman   @CNNMoney October 7, 2014: 6:48 PM ET
 
KFC's spoiled meat dogs Chinese consumers
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Yum Brands cut its profit expectations in half as it continues to deal with the fallout of a Chinese meat scandal over the summer.
It initially expected earnings to grow more than 20%. It now is warning of only 6% to 10% growth.
As the scandal unfolded, the parent of KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut said sales were slumping and cautioned investors it would take a hit.
Yum said Tuesday that "sales typically take six to nine months to recover from these types of events."
Related: KFC's China sales tanked over the summer after food safety concerns
China is hugely important to Yum ( YUM ), providing more than a third of the company's overall profits. But profits at the China division have fallen nearly 40% since last year.
This summer's fiasco, involving tainted and expired meat, was the second big food scandal for the company in as many years .
A company spokesman insisted that the meat supplier behind the mishandled product — Shanghai Husi, a subsidiary of Illinois-based OSI Group — was only involved in a couple of unspecified breakfast products.
Related: Chinese regulators expanded fast food supplier disclosures after the scandal
Yum cut ties with company after the scandal broke and is considering legal action, the spokesman said.
McDonald's ( MCD ) stood by OSI and is dealing with similar issues. It said last month that the scare led to a 14.5% same-store sales dip in Asia, Africa and the Middle East.
The breakfast connection could be especially painful for Pizza Hut, which has opened nearly 1,400 new locations in China, a 20% bump from last year. Breakfast is an important part of Pizza Hut's strategy there.
On this side of the Pacific, Taco Bell's breakfast provided considerably better news. That division's profits, largely derived in the states, were up 16% mainly on the back of the new offerings.
The spokesman said protests in Hong Kong , a strengthening dollar and lower economic growth weren't big concerns for the company.
Yum's earnings per share came in at 87 cents, a penny short of expectations. The stock was flat in after-hours trading.
First Published: October 7, 2014: 6:48 PM ET
Most Popular

Americans sour on SodaStreamBy Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN October 7, 2014: 1:10 PM ET
SodaStream named Scarlett Johansson as its first-ever Global Brand Ambassador at in January 2014.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Investors in SodaStream ( SODA ) probably won't be breaking out the bubbly anytime soon.
Shares of the home carbonation machine maker sunk 21% to an all-time trading low Tuesday after the company released poor preliminary results for the third quarter.
The culprit: Americans aren't buying SodaStream's products anymore.
Related: Americans aren't eating their Wheaties
"While we were successful over the last few years in establishing a solid base of repeat users in the U.S., we have not succeeded in attracting new consumers to our home carbonation system at the rate we believe should be achieved," said SodaStream's CEO Daniel Birnbaum in a press release.
The stock is down over 55% this year and now trades around $21 a share -- only slightly above its 2010 $20 IPO price. This from a company that hit a record high of almost $80 per share in August 2011 and was still trading about $60 this time last year.
 
Surge soda: History and comeback
The bad news comes just as things were starting to look a bit more buoyant for SodaStream. The Israeli-based manufacturer reported a 6% increase in second quarter revenue, and the stock popped over the summer on rumors that it was in talks to go private or team up with a company like Pepsi ( PEP ).
But since then it's fizzled.
One issue hurting SodaStream may Americans' decreasing appetite for soda . In a July Gallup Poll, 63% of Americans claimed that they avoid including soda in their diet. That's up from 41% in 2002.
Related: American soda goes on a diet
To that end, the company said Tuesday that its has "begun a strategic shift of the SodaStream brand towards health & wellness, primarily in the U.S., where we believe this message will resonate more strongly with consumers."
But Anton Brenner, an analyst at Roth Capital Partners thinks SodaStream's woes go beyond Americans' changing tastes. In a research note Tuesday, he called the firm's advertising "unfocused." He pointed out that a "major portion" of SodaStream's marketing budget went to its 2014 Superbowl commercial. "This was entertaining...but ultimately failed to generate many new users," he wrote.
Brenner additionally claimed that SodaStream's product lineup is "cluttered," and old models sit on the shelves even though newer products have been released. "So even when a consumer intends to purchase a soda maker, they are presented with a diverse lineup of products without any clear explanation of the attributes of each, and, we believe, often walk away confused and empty handed," he said.
Related: Smart people buy generic brands
SodaStream may also be facing pressure from Keurig Green Mountain ( GMCR ), which has also been working on a soda maker for home use. Coke ( KO ) owns a 16% stake in Keurig.
Besides its recent performance issues, SodaStream has come scrutiny in the past because one of its main plants is located in part of the West Bank considered by Palestinians to be occupied territory.
Activists have even urged actress Scarlett Johansson, SodaStream's celebrity spokeswoman, to relinquish her role. She balked at the suggestion, however, instead noting that the company pays above-average wages for the region and acts as an economic cooperation model for Israelis and Palestinians working side by side.
First Published: October 7, 2014: 11:44 AM ET
Most Popular

http://usat.ly/1xmWLlDFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Authy app steps into data-breach war
With data breaches on the rise, a two-factor authentication app called Authy is gaining traction as a means to secure information without coming up with zany passwords.
Post to Facebook
Authy app steps into data-breach war With data breaches on the rise, a two-factor authentication app called Authy is gaining traction as a means to secure information without coming up with zany passwords. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xmWLlD
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Authy app steps into data-breach war
Marco della Cava , USA TODAY 7:33 p.m. EDT October 7, 2014
A two-step authentication application called Authy, which is backed by Cameron Winkelvoss, has 1 million users. It competes with Google. Chris Kievman, Marco Della Cava
Marco Della Cava interviews Authy COO Marc Boroditsky about the two-step authentication app.
(Photo: Chris Kievman)
21 CONNECT 70 TWEET 95 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO – Credit card security breaches are becoming the frightening norm. That's worrying news for customers of Chase Bank and Target, but good news for Authy, which aims to put so-called two-factor authentication on every cell phone.
"Passwords are horse and buggy technology, actually they're not really even a technology," says Marc Boroditsky, COO of Authy, a free app that, once registered via your mobile phone, generates a constantly changing number – the second factor after a password —  that's required to gain access to sites you want to keep secure.
"With all of our lives migrating to the cloud and mobile, keeping that information secure is more important than ever," says Boroditsky. Authy has been integrated into 5,600 apps to date and has more than 1 million users.
Competitors in the space include Google, which provides two-factor authentication solutions to its developer community. Authy charges per user and per authentication, while Google's service is free. But Boroditsky adds that while developers have to work to integrate Google's system into their apps, "our solution is plug and play."
While consumers can use the Authy app to double down on security for their Facebook, Gmail, Box and other accounts, the company's growth strategy is to go after midsize enterprises that don't have the resources for their own custom security systems. It hopes to migrate into healthcare and financial services next.
Protecting banking information is of growing concern. According to the 2014 Verizon Data Breach Investigations Report, there were more than 63,000 confirmed security breaches in 2013. "It was a year of transition from geopolitical attacks to large-scale attacks on payment card systems," notes the report's introduction.
Last July, Authy completed a $3 million seed round, triple what they had anticipated. Authy investors include Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, famous as the twins who sued Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg. Winklevoss Capital's investments in the online currency Bitcoin is what led them to Authy.
"Two-factor authentication may sound like a new concept to many, (but) it is actually a well-known and proven fix within the security community," says Cameron Winklevoss. "The challenge is increasing awareness. People are going to demand it just like we now demand seatbelts in cars."
A screenshot of Authy
(Photo: Authy)
Using that analogy, part of the reason we embrace seatbelts is their use requires but a tug and a click. If we had to strap into a racer's five-point harness each time we got in the car the task might be ignored. Boroditsky says Authy's extra-step is a small price to pay for peace of mind.
"No matter how complicated a password you think you have, it is vulnerable to breaches by the legions of hackers out there," he says, noting that the password is a vestige of a time when to get into a room with computers you had to literally go through security guards and doors,. The password just identified the user to the computer itself.
"We are so far beyond that era now," he says. "But the password isn't."
MORE ON CYBERSECURITY

RBI Promotes 3 Senior Officials as Executive DirectorsYou are here: Home Industries
RBI Promotes 3 Senior Officials as Executive Directors, Reshuffles Portfolios
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 07, 2014 22:53 (IST)
DDA Housing Scheme: Draw to be Held on Tuesday
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday promoted three senior officials as executive directors.
Those elevated as EDs are M D Patra, Principal Adviser in the monetary policy department, and principal general managers K K Vohra and G Mahalingam.
"One promotion is in lieu of an existing vacancy and the other two are against additional vacancies," the RBI said in a release.
After the fresh set of appointments, the number of executive directors in the apex bank is 11.
The RBI, which is seeking to carry out various organisational changes under Governor Raghuram Rajan, also reshuffled portfolios of EDs.
Patra will look after the communication, economic policy and research and monetary policy departments, while D K Mohanty will handle financial stability unit, inspection department and risk monitoring departments.
Mahalingam will head the statistics and information management department along with financial market operations and international department.
Vohra will be in charge central security cell, corporate strategy and budget department, human resources, Rajbhasha and RTI.
Among incumbent EDs, whose portfolios have been restructured include Vijaya Bhaskar, who will now handle internal debt management, external investments and operations and government and bank accounts.
G Padmanabhan will now oversee information technology, payment and settlement systems, foreign exchange and financial markets regulation departments.
Jasbir Singh will look after the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation, while Deepali Pant Joshi will will handle currency management, legal, premises and RTI departments.
N S Vishwanathan will manage affairs related to banking regulation, co-operative banking regulation and non-banking regulation departments.
For consumer education and protection, financial inclusion and development, and secretary's departments, the RBI has given charge to U S Paliwal.
Chandan Sinha will look after departments of banking supervision, co-operative banking supervision and non-banking supervision.
The restructuring exercise will be completed by the end of October and the full allocations of the revised portfolios will be effective November 3.
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 19:04 (IST)

Banks Can Shift Excess Bonds From Held-to-Maturity 3 More Times in 2015Why Rupee Hit Nine-Month Low against Dollar
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India has allowed banks to shift their excess bond holdings to trading portfolios from the held-to-maturity (HTM) basket three more times in 2015 to adhere to its roadmap on HTM cut.
Usually banks are allowed to transfer bonds to and from HTM to available-for-sale and held-for-trading once a year in April.
The transfers can be done in January, July and September next year and will be excluded from the 5 per cent cap prescribed for selling or transferring securities to and from HTM in a year, the RBI said.
At the monetary policy review on September 30, the apex bank had prescribed the roadmap for lowering HTM gradually, starting from January till September.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

UltraTech Eyes Jaypee s 3 Cement Plants in Madhya Pradesh: ReportKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New Delhi: Aditya Birla group firm Ultratech Cement is believed to be looking at possible acquisition of Jaypee Group's three cement plants in Madhya Pradesh in a deal that could be worth about Rs 5,500-6,000 crore, according to sources.
While investment banking sources involved in the talks said that the discussions are currently underway for a possible deal, a spokesperson for UltraTech declined to comment on queries in this regard.
When contacted, Jaypee Group spokesperson Askari Zaidi denied any plans for sale of these plants.
"This information is not correct. The company has no plan to sell its Reva cement plants," he said.
Sources, however, maintained that UltraTech is looking to acquire the three cement plants of Jaypee Group in Reva, Madhya Pradesh and pegged the valuation at around Rs 5,500-6,000 crore. They added that the discussions are currently focussed mainly on valuation part.
In the June quarter, UltraTech had completed the acquisition of Gujarat units of Jaypee Cement Corp comprising an integrated unit at Sewagram and a grinding unit at Wanakbori with a combined capacity of 4.8 million tonnes per annum.
A leading market player, UltraTech is into manufacturing grey cement, ready mix concrete and white cement in the country. The company has an installed capacity of 62 million tonnes per annum for grey cement.
Ultratech has 12 integrated plants, 16 grinding units and six bulk terminals, among others, as per its website.
A diversified entity, Jaypee Group has good presence in the cement sector.
According to its website, it produces special blend of portland pozzolana cement and has an aggregate capacity of 33.8 million tonnes per annum.
In recent times, Jaypee Group has been looking to divest some of its assets across sectors, as part of larger efforts to bring down its debt burden.
On the BSE, shares of UltraTech fell over three per cent to close at Rs 2,558.90 while the scrip of Jaiprakash Associates gained more than two per cent to close at Rs 27.30.
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 20:33 (IST)

Nokia to Shut Down Chennai Facility From NovemberYou are here: Home Corporates
Nokia to Shut Down Chennai Factory From November 1
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 07, 2014 23:33 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New Delhi: Telecom gear maker Nokia on Tuesday said that it will shut down its Chennai plant from November 1 as Microsoft has terminated mobile purchase agreement from the factory and it is left with no business.
"Microsoft has informed Nokia that it will be terminating the manufacturing services defined in the agreement with effect from 1 November 2014. In absence of further orders from Microsoft, Nokia will suspend handset production at the Sriperumbudur facility from 1st November," Nokia said in a statement.
In September 2013, Nokia announced it would sell its devices and services (D&S) business including assets in India to Microsoft for $7.2 billion by March 2014.
The deal was completed on April 25 but Chennai facility could not be transferred to Microsoft because of legal issues related to tax demand by Indian government.
Nokia started manufacturing in Chennai in January 2006 and exported to markets including in the Middle East and Africa, Asia, Australia and New Zealand from there.
In March, the Tamil Nadu government served a Rs 2,400 crore notice on Nokia, saying the firm had also sold products from the Chennai plant in the domestic market instead of shipping them overseas.
In a separate tax case, the Supreme Court had ordered Nokia India on March 14 to provide a Rs 3,500 crore guarantee before it transfers the plant to Microsoft.
As a consequence, Nokia entered into a transitional services agreement with Microsoft to address their immediate production needs and keep the factory operational.
"Unfortunately, the continuing asset freeze imposed by the tax department prevents Nokia from exploring potential opportunities for the transfer of the factory to a successor to support the long term viability of the established, fully functional electronics manufacturing ecosystem," the statement said.
Nokia said that it will be informing all stakeholders including the Labour Commissioner of the suspension.
"As a responsible employer, Nokia is currently evaluating options to minimise the impact on existing employees at the manufacturing facility. It will share further information once details have been finalised," Nokia said.
The exact number of employees at present in its Chennai factory could not be ascertained but in March, out of 6,600 permanent employees, about 5000 had opted for a voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) offered by Nokia.
According to union officials, majority of employees at the factory are women. The plant was also providing employment to 10,000 people indirectly in the Sriperumbudur region.
The plant became one of the landmarks in the Sriperumbudur industrial belt as it was one of the few companies apart from auto maker Hyundai Motor India to set up plant, employing large number of people.
"Production of phones like Asha range has shifted to other countries and the plant which was operating in three shifts has come down to two shifts," union sources said.
The factory also witnessed tense moments post the deal with Microsoft as several employees who were working at the unit since it began operations in 2006 staged protests urging the management to include them on the payroll of Microsoft.
About 3,000 employees affiliated to Nokia India Thozhilalargal Sangam (Nokia India Employees Union) staged a one-day fast in Chennai early this year, seeking to draw the attention of the central and state governments to their plight.
Nokia also offered 'Bridge initiative' offering consultancy services and employment outlook training besides providing the VRS.
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 14:32 (IST)

Finance Ministry  RBI to decide on monetary policy framework by December endOct 07, 2014 at 06:49pm IST
Finance Ministry, RBI to decide on monetary policy framework by December end
5
0
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry and the RBI will finalise a new monetary policy framework by December end under which the central bank will pursue the retail inflation target to be decided by the government.
According to official sources, the internal work for the new monetary policy framework is in advanced stages and the government will have to take a final view on it in consultation with the RBI.
Under the new framework, the interest rate will be decided by a monetary policy committee with a view to ensure that inflation remains within the targeted levels. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had in his Budget speech on July 10 said: "It is also essential to have a modern monetary policy framework to meet the challenge of an increasingly complex economy. Government will, in close consultation with the RBI, put in place such a framework".
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has been pursuing hawkish monetary policy stance to keep inflation under check.
#rbi #finance ministry #raghuram rajan #arun jaitley
The new framework, sources said, have to be decided by December end so that the initiatives could be included in the Action Taken Report which has to be tabled in Parliament by January 15.
On fixing a target for inflation, sources said: "What is the appropriate inflation target for India cannot be decided by the RBI, it has to be decided by the government. Government may decide in consultation with Parliament, Government may decide on its own".
The decision to develop a monetary policy framework follows from the recommendation by the Urjit Patel Committee which had suggested that the RBI should target to bring down retail inflation to 8 per cent by January 2015 and 6 per cent by January 2016.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has been pursuing hawkish monetary policy stance to keep inflation under check. It has not reduced rates in four consecutive policies despite pressure from the industry and the Finance Ministry to cut rates to boost growth.
4

Ignored medical advice against campaigning to save Haryana from corrupt Congress: Chautala2
0
Chandigarh: Under attack for campaigning in Haryana polls while out on bail on health grounds, senior INLD leader Om Parkash Chautala on Tuesday said that he decided to "ignore" medical advice to rid the state of "corrupt" Congress.
"My health is not permitting, but just to ensure that people of Haryana get rid of the corrupt Congress government and elect their own INLD government, I am canvassing," he said.
Chautala was addressing a series of election meetings in Karnal, Yamunanagar, Kurukshetra, Ambala and Panchkula districts for the October 15 Assembly elections. He campaigned even as CBI moved Delhi High Court seeking immediate cancellation of his bail on medical grounds, saying he has violated its terms by participating in rallies.
"My health is not permitting, but just to ensure that people of Haryana get rid of the corrupt Congress government and elect their own INLD government, I am canvassing," Om Parkash Chautala said.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #om prakash chautala #inld #bhupinder singh hooda
The 79-year-old leader, who suffers from heart and other ailments, is currently on bail on health grounds after his sentencing last year in a teachers' recruitment scam.
Chautala said, "A team of doctors have advised me complete bed rest, but how can I leave you in lurch when it is the only time to get rid of the corrupt, anti-farmer and anti-youth Bhupinder Singh Hooda-led state government. "That is why I decided to come to you to remind you that let us drive the last nail in the coffin of this government by ensuring its ouster from the state."
Chautala, who is engaged in hectic electioneering for the past two weeks, came under sharp attack from Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda after he recently said that he will take oath from Tihar Jail as the state's next Chief Minister of Haryana.
"I can sacrifice my health and my life for the people of Haryana as our ideologue late Chaudhary Devi Lal did it throughout his life," he said. "I want to make one thing clear that we (INLD) are not power hungry. We do not want to grab power. Our mission is to fulfil the dreams and vision of Devi Lal. We are also seeking votes for the performance of our government when we were in power," Chautala said.
INLD, which has been out of power for the past 10 years, is fighting on 88 seats, while two seats are being fought by its ally SAD.
16

A new device that can slow  reverse heart failureOct 07, 2014 at 05:28pm IST
A new device that can slow, reverse heart failure
6
0
Washington: A new, implantable device to control heart failure is showing promising results in the first trial to determine safety and effectiveness in patients, scientists say.
"Heart failure is one of the fastest growing forms of heart disease and it's one of the most common reasons people are hospitalised," said Dr William Abraham, director of the Division of Cardiovascular Medicine at Ohio State's Wexner Medical Center.
"The optimal drug therapies we have today often aren't enough to manage this disease for some patients, so we are always looking for new types of therapies," Abraham said. Abraham and other cardiovascular researchers at seven US centers examined an extra-aortic counterpulsation system called C-Pulse, made by Sunshine Heart Inc.
A new, implantable device to control heart failure is showing promising results in the first trial to determine safety and effectiveness in patients, scientists say.
#device #heart failure
It's a cuff that wraps around the aorta and syncs with the patient's heartbeat, rapidly inflating and deflating a small balloon to help squeeze blood through the aorta to circulate throughout the body.
It's powered through a wire that exits the abdomen and connects to an external driver worn by the patient. The driver can be plugged in or battery-powered.
In the pilot study, 20 patients with New York Heart Association (NYHA) functional class III or ambulatory functional class IV heart failure were implanted with the device. Patients were evaluated at six months and one year. At both times, 16 of the patients showed significant improvements in NYHA functional class.
"At the one year mark, three of the patients had mild or no symptoms of heart failure. They went from class III or IV down to a functional class I, effectively reversing their heart failure," Abraham said.
Additionally, patients were able to walk an average 100 feet farther during standardised measures and average quality of life scores improved nearly 30 points.
"Drug and device therapies that are currently available for heart failure improve that same quality of life score by only five or 10 points. So, this is truly a significant improvement," Abraham said.
The most common adverse effect during the trial was infection of the exit site, experienced by 8 out of 20 participants.
Researchers noted that stricter guidelines for exit site management, wound care and antibiotic therapy could reduce that risk in future studies.
The study is published in the Journal of American College of Cardiology Heart Failure.
16

India  four other countries to build world s biggest telescopeOct 07, 2014 at 05:24pm IST
India, four other countries to build world's biggest telescope
12
0
Tokyo: India along with Japan, the US, China and Canada will start work on the world's biggest telescope on Hawaii Island that will enable to identify an object as small as coin from a distance of 500 kms.
The 30-meter telescope, or TMT, will be established near the summit of the Mauna Kea volcano with a cost of $1.4 billion.
They plan to complete the construction in March 2022. Japan will cover about a quarter of the construction costs. To mark the start of construction, some 100 astronomers and officials from the five countries were scheduled to attend a ceremony held tomorrow at a location 4,012 meters high on Mount Mauna Kea, Kyodo news agency reported.
India along with Japan, the US, China and Canada will start work on the world's biggest telescope on Hawaii Island that will enable to identify an object as small as coin from a distance of 500 kms.
#tmt #telescope #worlds biggest telescope
The TMT will be larger than Japan's Subaru Telescope, one of the world's biggest, which was also built on the summit of Mauna Kea and started observation in 1999.
The Subaru Telescope's single main mirror measures 8.2 meters in diameter, while the TMT will be composed of 492 hexagonal mirrors, each measuring 72 cm across.
The TMT's light-condensing capabilities will be 13 times greater than the Subaru telescope's, enabling the identification of an object as small as a coin from a distance equivalent to 500 kms, distance between Osaka and Tokyo.
Astronomer Masanori Ie, a professor at the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan who leads the Japanese team on the TMT project, said the new telescope will broaden the understanding of the cosmos.
A telescope with greater light-condensing capabilities can search for stars that are less bright or farther from Earth. The most distant and oldest star observed to date was born some 800 million years after the Big Bang.
The TMT will help astronomers observe stars which were born 200 million to 400 million years after the Big Bang.
The TMT will also have the potential to help identify whether planets outside the solar system have atmospheres that are capable of supporting life.
85

Stocks tumble on European woes; Dow sheds 272Tuesday,  7 Oct 2014 |  4:45  PM ET
CNBC.com
Market concerns colliding: Pisani
CNBC's Bob Pisani dissects Tuesday's market action, and looks at the weakness in industrial stocks.
U.S. stocks fell sharply on Tuesday, extending losses into a second session, as investors fretted slowing economic growth in Europe and the potential impact on coming third-quarter earnings from U.S. corporations.
Read More After-hours buzz: Kraft, Yahoo, Yum & more
"We could see a continuation of these 100-plus-point-day moves as investors worry about could this be the end of a three-year run without a correction," said Kate Warne, investment strategist at Edward Jones.
The CBOE Volatility Index jumped 11 percent to 17.22 and the Russell 2000 Index of smaller-cap companies shed 1.7 percent.
General Motors declined after Morgan Stanley cut its outlook on GM earnings and as the auto manufacturer's fund chief raised the count of those killed in crashes related to defective ignition switches. CF Industries Holdings rallied after Yara International canned its chief executive, saying it was not suited to leading merger discussions with the fertilizer maker.
Read More The new mediocre: Stocks end at lows
"It's heightened concern about the slowdown in global growth, highlighted by the IMF forecast this morning, and whether earnings will keep growing," said Warne of the factors propelling stocks lower.
The International Monetary Fund downgraded its global growth forecast for this year and 2015, with the organization that represents 188 countries now projecting world growth to come in at 3.3 percent in 2014, down 0.1 percent from its July forecast. Next year, it expects growth of 3.8 percent.
"The economic data from Germany and France in particular has been weaker than expected," said James Liu, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Funds.
German industrial output fell by 4 percent in August, with the worse-than-expected drop coming a day after the country's industrial orders had their largest monthly decline since the global financial crisis in 2009.
"Our chief concern is how much will the slowdown in the European economy impact the earnings outlook for the third quarter and, more importantly, guidance for the fourth," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities.
"The dollar is stronger against the euro for a reason," Hogan added.
"The reality is the U.S. on a relative basis is looking a lot better," Nick Raich, CEO of The Earnings Scout, said. But there's a "lot of fear and speculation that a strong dollar and weak growth are going to affect earnings."

Karnataka HC denies bail to Jayalalithaa in DA caseEYE BROWSE
Karnataka HC denies bail to Jayalalithaa in DA case
The Karnataka High Court has refused  to grant bail to former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa, who was sentenced to four years in jail in a high-profile corruption case that has lasted nearly two decades.
Yahoo India –  Tue 7 Oct, 2014
Print
BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court has refused to grant bail to former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa, who was sentenced to four years in jail in a high-profile corruption case that has lasted nearly two decades.
Justice AV Chandrashekara, who heard Jayalalithaa's petition, also declined to suspend the four-year jail term even after Special Public Prosecutor G. Bhavani Singh submitted he had no objection to the bail.
Earlier reports had stated that Jayalalithaa had been granted 'conditional bail' leading to AIADMK supporters celebrating by bursting crackers and dancing.
However, their joy was shortlived as the Karnataka HC verdict finally said that Jayalalithaa would have to stay in jail and there was no reason to grant her bail.
Ram Jethmalani, Jayalalithaa's lawyer, had sought immediate bail for her on health grounds that she has diabetes, low blood pressure and acute back pain, and is aged.
In his 90-minute deposition, Jethmalani also assured the judge that his client (Jayalalithaa) would abide by any condition put forth for bail, as she was a law-abiding citizen and would not disappear or escape from the country.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam Tuesday urged people to be calm after the Karnataka High Court denied bail to jailed former chief minister J. Jayalalithaa.
He also asked people not to hold protests in ways that would affect the life of ordinary citizens and said the government should not be blamed for demonstrations organised by Jayalalithaa supporters.
A special court on September 27 found Jayalalithaa guilty of disproportionately amassing about Rs 66 crore outside her known sources of income.
The bail petitions were posted for hearing by regular bench Tuesday by a special bench of the high court Oct 1 due to week-long public holidays for the Dasara festival after the vacation bench Sep 30 adjourned these to Oct 6 before the state government declared holiday for Monday on account of Eid-ul-Zuha.
Section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code has been enforced within a one kilometre radius of the High Court and Parapanna Agrahara Prison, where Sasikala, Sudhakaran and Elavarasi are also lodged.
Meanwhile, the Madras High Court has directed the the Tamil Nadu Government to ensure public safety and maintain public law and order so that no untoward incidents take place.
The court also directed that schools and colleges function as usual today.
On September 27, the 66-year-old Jayalalithaa and three others was convicted in the Rs 66 crore disproportionate assets case and was sentenced to four years in prison with a fine of Rs 100 crore.
Pronouncing his verdict on a legal battle that began in 1996, judge John Michael Cunha held Jayalalithaa and three others guilty of amassing wealth disproportionate to known sources of income.
The other three are VK Sasikala, a long-time associate, now disowned foster son VN Sudhakaran and J Illavarasi, a former aide. All three were also sentenced to four years in prison and fined Rs 10 crore each.
The convictions came under the Prevention of Corruption Act and the Indian Penal Code.
Jayalalithaa was charged with acquiring assets worth around Rs 66 crore which is disproportionate to her known sources of income.
During her first tenure (1991-96) as chief minister, Jayalalithaa drew Re 1 as salary. The charge against her was that her assets rose from about Rs 3 crore in 1991 to around Rs 66 crore in just five years.
On June 14, 1996, Subramanian Swamy, then Janata Party leader, filed a complaint before the principal sessions judge here alleging that Jayalalithaa had assets disproportionate to her known sources of income. Swamy, was then the president of the the Janata Party, which has since merged with BJP.
When the AIADMK returned to power in 2001 several witnesses turned hostile. On a petition filed by DMK leader K. Anbazhagan in the apex court, the case was transferred to Bangalore from Chennai.
Recommend

Overseas bids: BPCL clarifies to BSEHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Overseas bids: BPCL clarifies to BSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 8:  
Responding to a query by the BSE, Bharat Petroleum Corporation has clarified to the exchange that the company, Indian Oil Corporation, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation and Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation are in discussions with international gas suppliers for long term supply arrangement based on market conditions which are part of regular business process.
“There is no proposal at present for bidding jointly for blocks abroad. Bharat Petroleum Corporation has not so far signed any agreement with foreign players for import of gas,” the company said.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Godrej to acquire hair extension biz of Darling Group GhanaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Godrej to acquire hair extension biz of Darling Group Ghana
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 8:  
Godrej Consumer Products has informed the stock exchanges that it has entered into an agreement with the Darling Group for acquisition of 100 per cent stake in the hair extension business in Ghana.
In February, the company had completed the acquisition of 100 per cent stake in Darling Nigeria. With this acquisition, Godrej will own 100 per cent of the hair extensions businesses of both Nigeria and Ghana in West Africa.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Markets open weak; Pharma shares lose sheenMarkets range bound; Nifty hovers around 7,850
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 10:30 AM IST
Benchmark indices continued to trade in a narrow range after the first hour of trade as losses in IT and pharma stocks capped impressive gains in L&T and ITC shares.
At 10.30 AM, Sensex is trading at 26,243  with a loss of  28  points while Nifty is trading at 7,841 with a loss of 10 points.
In the broader market, BSE Mid cap is down 0.1%  and Small cap is flat.
The market breadth is positive with 1071 advance against 972 declines.
manwhile, IMF has increased India's growth projection for FY15 to 5.6% from 5.4%, while cutting global growth forecast from 3.4% to 3.3%
Rupee is holding steady and is trading at 61.43 against US Dollar. The weakness in the domestic stock markets are offset by the positive growth forecast for India from the International Monetary Fund.
 
Asian markets are trading lower on Wednesday amid growth concerns in China. Further, China's services sector growth slipped in September as new business cooled, a private survey showed on Wednesday, reinforcing signs of a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy. The services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
Shares in Japan are down on the back of a stronger yen. The benchmark Nikkei is down 1.3%. Hang Seng has slipped 0.7% while shares in Shanghai Index  is trading with a gain of 0.3%. Further, Straits Times is  down 0.4%.
Among sectors, BSE IT is the biggest loser declining around 2.5% while Healthcare has lost around 1.5%. Shares of information technology (IT) and pharmaceutical companies are under pressure, falling by upto 3% after the International Monetary Fund (IMF) cut its outlook for global growth. BSE Bankex, Capital Gods and OIl & Gas have gained close to 0.5%.
L&T is biggest gainer with surging around 2%. Competition Commission has cleared L&T Technology Services' proposed acquisition of IT company Dell International Services India certain assets related to engineering services business.
ITC and Tata Motors are other big gainers with advances around 1%.
Bank shares are in demand with SBI leading the pack with 1.2% gains. Axis Bank, HDFC bank and ICICI Bank have gained 0.4-0.7% each. Finance Secretary had earlier declared government's intention to allow Public Sector banks to tap markets to procure funds required for the aditional capital under Basel III.
Maruti Suzuki has gained 0.3%. Maruti Suzuki India has  announced that the company's production rose 26.17% to 1.16 lakh units in September 2014 over September 2013.
Infosys has lost around 3%.  Investors will keenly watch Infosys' commentary regarding changes in its strategy under the new CEO, Dr. Vishal Sikka, when the company unveils its Q2 September 2014 results on Friday.
Pharma stocks are under pressure after 14 generic drug manufacturers were asked to submit detailed information related to price hikes in the US. Sun Pharma has lost around 2% while Dr Reddy and Cipla have lost moe than 2.5%.
___________________________________
(Updated at 9:45AM)
After a nervous start tracking weakness in global peers, the markets continue to trade range-bound with marginal gains.
At 9:45am with the S&P BSE Sensex hovering at 26,233 levels while the CNX NIfty is trading at 7835 levels.
In the broader market, BSE Mid cap and Small Cap are trading with loss of about 0.2%
Market breadth is marginally positive with 836 advances against 819 declines.
Among Sensex stocks, Dr Reddy's Laboratories, Sesa Sterlite, Sun Pharma, Cipla, Infosys, Hindalco and Tata Steel are aomng the top losers that slipped between 0.9 - 2.5%. On the other hand, Larsen and Toubro, NTPC, ONGC, Mahindra and Mahindra, ITC and Hindustan Lever have moved up between 0.7 - 1.3%.
"The Sensex has to cross and hold above 26,500-26,555 zone to see the up move towards 26750 levels. On downside immediate support exists at 26,250-26,200 and below that profit booking may drag the index towards psychological 26,000 levels," points out a report from Anand Rathi Research.
Later in the day market movement is likely to get affected by the minutes of the Forward Open Market Committee's last policy meeting.
“The global correction that is happening is finally catching up with Indian markets. There are worries regarding global liquidity, with the US stimulus programme ending and talks of an interest rate hike,” said Hemant Kanawala, head of equity, Kotak Life Insurance.
The WEO however, is bullish on the growth outlook of India. It revised growth forecasts of India for this financial year from 5.4% to 5.6% while attributing its new stance to  the favourable policies of the National Democratic Alliance government. Next year forecast remains at 6.4%.
“India has recovered from its relative slump and, thanks in part to policy and a renewal of confidence, growth is expected to exceed five per cent again,” IMF chief economist Olivier Blanchard said in a statement released by the Fund on Tuesday.
Global markets
Asian markets were trading lower on Wednesday amid growth concerns in China. Further, China's services sector growth slipped in September as new business cooled, a private survey showed on Wednesday, reinforcing signs of a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy. The services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
Shares in Japan were down on the back of a stronger yen. The benchmark Nikkei was down 1.5%. Hang Seng slipped 0.8% while shares in mainland China were trading marginally lower. Further, Straits Times was down 0.5%.
US stock ended lower on Tuesday amid growth concerns in Germany industrial output in August slumped to 4%, the highest fall in 5 1/2 years. The Dow Jones ended down 272 points at 16,719.39, the broader S&P 500 slipped 30 points to close at 1,935.10 and the tech-laden Nasdaq ended down 70 points at 4,385.20
Sector and Stocks
BSE Health, IT and Teck are the biggest losers with declines around 1.5% while BSE Capital goods and FMCG have gained the most.
Pharma stocks are under pressure after 14 generic drug manufacturers were asked to submit detailed information related to price hikes in the US.
Sun Pharma,Dr Reddy  and Cipla have lost around 2% to 3%.
L&T is up aound 1.7%.On Tuesday, the infra major had bagged a  a contract worth Rs 1600 Crores from UP governmnent.
M&M is gainig around 1%. Market analysts have termed the finacial impacts of its deal with Peugeot to be limited and atleast  not imminent.
Despite decline in global crude prices ONGC shares are up 1%. The company's wholly owned subsidiary ONGC Videsh reaffirmed its interests in Iranian Farsi offshore block, now named Binaloud.
Among other shares,  National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) is trading higher by nearly 2% in early morning deals on National Stock Exchange (NSE) after the company said it has received constructions order worth of Rs 338 crore from IIT Kanpur.

Nokia to suspend manufacturing operations in India from November 1Nokia to suspend manufacturing operations in India from November 1
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Oct 08, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Mobile telecom handset maker Nokia announced it was suspending manufacturing operations in the country within weeks of the Narendra Modi government unveiling a Make-in-India campaign.
The company will suspend operations at its Sriperumbudur plant near here which once employed 8,000 people and still has 1,200-1,500 on its rolls.
The plant was excluded from Nokia’s deal in April with Microsoft to sell its devices and services business because of a Rs 21,000 crore tax claim. The income tax department refused to allow the plant to be transferred till its dues were paid.
Nokia had a transitional services agreement with Microsoft to keep the factory working. Microsoft has now informed Nokia it will terminate the agreement from November 1. Without orders from Microsoft, Nokia will suspend production.
The tax department’s asset freeze prevents Nokia from “exploring opportunities for the transfer of the factory to a successor to support the long-term viability of the established, fully functional electronics manufacturing ecosystem”, the company stated.
Nokia would be informing the labour commissioner about the suspension, the statement added. The company said it was trying to minimise the impact on employees.
“The company’s decision is illegal. They have cleverly used the world suspension, which does not require government approval,” said A Soundararajan, general secretary of the Centre of Indian Trade Unions and member of the state legislative.
SWITCHING OFF
1995: Sriperumbudur factory gets incorporated
Investment: Nokia Finland made an initial investment of Rs 35.6 crore in Nokia India, starting in 1996, and later increased it to Rs 1,858.95 crore
Number of employees: Till 2014, the Chennai factory employed around 8,000 (50% of those women) directly & another 25,000 indirectly
The tax notice: The facility was excluded from the deal between Nokia and Microsoft for the former’s devices and services business, as the Income Tax Department at the Centre had frozen the facility.
The I-T dept had slapped a Rs 21,000-crore tax notice on the company
Turnover/sales: During the period 2005-06 to 2011-12, it had cumulative turnover/ sales of Rs 1,50,700.44 crore
The produce: Till March 2014, around 800 million units of mobile phones had been produced
Plant’s significance: About 50% of Nokia handsets were manufactured in India and 40-50% of the production was exported
CITU is one of the unions that represents workers in the factory.
Soundararajan said CITU would approach the state government. “The state government has to act now. We will be meeting ministers. We will also file a dispute plea with the labour department in the next two days,” he added.

1 killed  324 injured as strong earthquake shakes southwesternChinaIn this photo released by China's Xinhua News Agency, villagers take refuge in the open air at Mangla Village of Yongping Township at Jinggu County of Pu'er City, southwest China's Yunnan Province Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Beijing | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:56 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 11:24 am
A strong, shallow earthquake shook southwestern China overnight, killing at least one person, damaging buildings and prompting thousands to camp outside as aftershocks continued to strike the area, officials said Wednesday.
The earthquake with a magnitude of at least 6.0 hit the Weiyuan city area of Yunnan province at 9:49 p.m. when most residents would have been in their homes. At least 324 people also were injured, eight of them seriously, the Yunnan provincial government said.
Chinese paramilitary policemen set up tents for quake victims on the grounds of a primary school in Yongping township of Jinggu county in southwest China’s Yunnan province, Wednesday Oct. 8, 2014. (Source: AP)
“The whole building was shaking terribly with a loud cracking sound. Plates fell off in the kitchen,” the official state Xinhua News Agency quoted Weiyuan resident Li Anqin as saying.
“We all ran out and the streets now are packed with people,” Li said.
The U.S. Geological Survey said the earthquake measured magnitude 6.0 at a depth of 10.1 kilometers (6.3 miles). Its shallow focus was likely to cause greater damage, but there were no immediate reports of serious destruction.
China’s national earthquake monitoring agency gave the quake’s magnitude as 6.6 and said it struck just 5 kilometers (3.1 miles) below the surface. It said the quake was followed by eight aftershocks, the strongest of which registered at magnitude 4.2.
In this photo released by China’s Xinhua News Agency, villagers check the damaged house at Mangla Village of Yongping Township at Jinggu County of Pu’er City, southwest China’s Yunnan Province Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014. (Source: AP)
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang ordered an “all-out effort” to rescue quake victims, ensure the delivery of food, water and other supplies, and fix disruptions to transportation and communications.
Worst hit was the town of Yongping, 5 kilometers (3 miles) from the epicenter, where some houses had collapsed, Xinhua said.
Yongping has a population of 54,000, while the surrounding county of Jinggu closest to the epicenter has a population continued…

NTPC up 1% on plans to buy stranded power assetsYou are here: Home > Collections
NTPC rallies over 1% on plans to buy stranded power assets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 09.47AM IST
Tags:
Arup Roy Choudhury
(NTPC Ltd rose as much as 1.5…)
NEW DELHI: NTPC Ltd rose as much as 1.5 per cent in trade on Wednesday after media reports suggested that the state-owned power utility company is evaluating a proposal to buy stranded power assets worth $5 billion, or Rs 31,000 crore, in contrast with its earlier strategy of taking the greenfield route to add capacity.
The country's largest power developer has received responses from 34 private sector power plants across the country and has shortlisted eight of them so far for acquisitions, TNN reported.
At 09:40 a.m.; NTPC was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 142.30. It hit a low of Rs 141.25 and a high of Rs 142.75 in trade today.
"We have mandated KPMG to look at their fuel supply linkages, power purchase agreements, land acquisition, environment clearances and list those eight plants in terms of profitability," NTPC chairman Arup Roy Choudhury told TOI without disclosing the names of potential sellers.
The company is willing to invest up to Rs 10,000 crore for 30% equity in these projects. The rest would be funded by debt.
FEATURED ARTICLES

With loved ones lost  businesses hit  Srinagar residents stare at dubious futureOct 08, 2014 at 09:48am IST
With loved ones lost, businesses hit, Srinagar residents stare at dubious future
12
0
Srinagar: A month after the Kashmir floods, the ravaged state is beginning to count it's losses. Homes and businesses have been wiped away, the tourism sector has suffered losses to the tune of Rs 3000 crores.
Once a piece of art is now reduced to a pile of garbage. This is what remains of this 200-year-old silk carpet at Srinagar's handicraft hub of Polo View. "This carpet is around 200 years old, costs around Rs 30 lakh. We are going to throw it away now. All the handicrafts, Pashmina, everything has been destroyed. We are left with nothing now," says Abdul Ali Bhatt, shopkeeper in the Polo View market.
The floods have been equally unkind to Srinagar's biggest market- Lal Chowk. Water levels rose to almost 18 feet there, submerging everything in sight. Only piles of damaged goods and silt is what remains.
The state government estimates that the floods have caused damages to the tune of a trillion rupees.
#jammu and kashmir floods #floods #srinagar #tourism
As he gingerly steps over piles of sludge, Farook Ahmed Shah surveys the damage at his godown in Lal Chowk. He says he has suffered a loss of Rs 2.5 crore but it is best to get back to business. His shop is one of the few that has opened it's shutters.
"It is marriage season, festival season and winter season. So wholesalers stock up things. Now everything is gone. We stock up things three months in advance in godowns. Everything has been washed away. People, traders are in depression here. I don't know when they will return to work," says Shah.
Barely 5 kms away at the breathtaking Dal lake, Gulam Nabi is back at work with his shikara. But not a single tourist has come after the floods, he says, despite this being peak tourist season.
"This is peak season, flowers used to bloom here during this time but the flood waters have taken it all. It has taken away our work too. It has taken away our happiness. All the houseboats are empty," says a disappointed Ghulam Nabi.
The calm waters of the lake belie the fury and destruction it caused a month ago. Losses to the tourism industry stand at Rs 3000 crores. This at a time when the industry was on the upswing after a decade of terrorism.
The state government estimates that the floods have caused damages to the tune of a trillion rupees. As the sun sets off the Kashmir valley, the darkness hides the trail of destruction the floods have left behind. But ahead is the long and arduous task of reconstruction.
4

Anil Ambani completes PM s clean India challenge  nominates Amitabh Bacchan  Hrithik RoshanOct 08, 2014 at  12:06pm IST
Anil Ambani completes PM's clean India challenge, nominates Amitabh Bachchan, Hrithik Roshan
28
6
Mumbai: Two days after Master blaster Sachin Tendulkar accepted Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Clean India Challenge, industrialist Anil Ambani has picked up a broom urging the nation to follow suit.
He was one of the 9 people nominated by the PM to take the 'Clean India' message forward. Ambani was seen cleaning the streets of Mumbai early on Wednesday morning.
He has in turn nominated 9 other people including actor Amitabh Bachchan, boxer Mary Kom and tennis super star Sania Mirza to take up this challenge. He has also nominated Shobha Dey, Shekhar Gupta, Prasoon Joshi, Hrithik Roshan and southern actor Nagarjuna for the challenge.
#clean india #clean up india #narendra modi #anil ambani
"This is my privilege and honor to be part of the PM Narendra modi call to the nation swachh Bharat Abhiyan. Many of my friends Bombay club who are participating in clean India mission," he said while he nominated nine other names for the challenge.
374

Hairgate: iPhone 6 traps users  hair0
Frankfurt: First there was bendgate... now brace yourself for hairgate.
Fresh from the online uproar over whether the shiny new iPhone 6 bends when carried around in pockets, Apple has been hit by a new complaint - that the handset traps users' hair or beards when they make calls.
It is difficult to gauge whether there is any real issue, but Twitter users have made #hairgate a rising social media trend, leading major news outlets to pounce on the story.
It is difficult to gauge whether there is any real issue, but Twitter users have made #hairgate a rising social media trend.
#bendgate #hairgate #iphone 6 #iphone 6 plus
"The seam on my iPhone 6 where the aluminum meets the glass is definitely catching my hair and pulling it out," one user tweeted.
Bearded iPhone users have jumped on the bandwagon complaining that their facial hair gets yanked during calls, leading to spats over whether to treat #beardgate as a separate trend, or simply as a subset of #hairgate.
Apple was not immediately available to comment.
Jokers are having a field day, with the Twitter account of the Atlanta International Fashion Week speculating that it may be an elaborate plot against hipsters for whom facial hair has become de rigeur. Another user tweeted: "Congrats, Apple, for finally getting hipsters to shave."
For some it is a heaven-sent marketing opportunity; Gillette Co. [PGGIL.UL] was quick to tweet: "Your phone may be smarter than ever, but leave the shaving to the experts."
However, many iPhone 6 users were left to wonder what all the fuss was about.
"I have iPhone 6. Doesn't bend and doesn't snag hair. Who thinks up these things? Apple haters? Competitors?" tweeted Dr. John Wooten, a Virginia-based technical consultant.
9

Rupee depreciates against dollar to trade at 61.46Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

WIFW: Sania Mirza to walk the ramp for RituPandeRitu Pande (left) will launch a collection titled "Lady in Lace", inspired by the layered nuances and hidden beauty of quintessential Victoriana. Tennis player Sania Mirza (right) will turn showstopper for her on Friday.
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 10:36 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 10:46 am
Tennis star Sania Mirza has been chosen by Ritu Pande as the showstopper for her show on Friday at the Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week (WIFW) Spring-Summer 2015, starting here Wednesday.
The designer will launch a collection titled “Lady in Lace”, inspired by the layered nuances and hidden beauty of quintessential Victoriana. The French and Italian laces will witness a mixed play of layering and embroidery.
Colours like white, coral and midnight blue will present the story of the collection.
“It is wonderful to be back and in fact a great honour to be doing the seventh season at WIFW. It gives great exposure and a serious and creative mix to any designer to express oneself through a collection that reflects pure sense of aesthetics without any constraints,” Pande said in a statement.
The designer plans to woo the fashionistas with her new collection that consists of shift dresses, saris, slim draped pants and dhoti skirts.

Hong Kong protests dwindle  but talks with govt likely to gonowhereStudent protesters sleep and wait at the entrance of the government complex where Hong Kong's Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying's office is located. (Source: AP)
Hong Kong | Posted: October 8, 2014 10:27 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 10:31 am
Hong Kong pro-democracy protests that brought tens of thousands on to the streets last week dwindled to a few hundred on Wednesday after activist leaders agreed to talks with the government which are all but certain to go nowhere.
The student-led protests have calmed since clashes with police more than a week ago and the number of protesters calling for universal suffrage has fallen dramatically since violent scuffles broke out at the weekend between demonstrators and pro-Beijing opponents.
Protesters cheer on the announcement of the official occupation of streets surrounding government headquarters in Hong Kong, China, Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014. (Source: AP)
Friday’s talks will focus on “the basis for political development”, the government said, referring to plans for a 2017 election of the chief executive, Hong Kong’s leader, but it was unclear how discussions could reconcile two such polarised positions. Protesters had called on the city’s current leader, Leung Chun-ying, to step down and any breakdown in the talks is widely expected to trigger another cycle of protests.
READ: Hong Kong protests subside after tumultuous week, but few still remain on streets 
“The lack of room for the government to back away from (China’s) decision will make it difficult for the government to satisfy the student leaders’ requested demands,” Citi Group said in a research note. China’s Communist Party leaders rule Hong Kong through a “one country, two systems” formula which allows wide-ranging autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed on the mainland and specifies universal suffrage as an eventual goal.
But Beijing ruled on Aug. 31 it would screen candidates who want to run for chief executive in 2017, which the democracy activists said rendered the universal suffrage concept meaningless. China, with separatist headaches in Tibet and Xinjiang, is concerned that calls for democracy might spread on the mainland and is unlikely to give an inch of ground after the worst unrest in the former British colony since it returned to China in 1997.
“OUTSIDE FORCES”
Several Western countries, including Britain, have urged China to keep its promise about universal suffrage, though activists have urged Britain, with strong trade ties with Beijing, to take a stronger stand. “One country, two systems has made great contributions to Hong Kong’s prosperity and stability and has garnered broad international approval,” Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Li Baodong told reporters on Wednesday.

An apple a day boosts sexual pleasure amongwomenFor women, having an apple a day can enhance sexual pleasure, reports fascinating research. (Source: Imagesbazaar)
Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: October 8, 2014 10:24 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 10:46 am
For women, having an apple a day can enhance sexual pleasure, reports fascinating research.
After analysing 731 Italian women aged 18 to 43, researchers found that women who ate more apples on a regular basis reported overall satisfaction with their sex lives.
The participants were asked to complete the Female Sexual Function Index (FSFI) that included 19 questions about their sexual activities including frequency and overall satisfaction.
The team from Santa Chiara Regional Hospital in Trento, Italy, found that eating an apple a day was linked with higher FSFI scores.
“The reason may lie in the compound phloridzin which is found in apples and is similar to the female sex hormone estradiol that plays a crucial role in sexual arousal,” researchers noted.
Apples also have polyphenols and antioxidants that can stimulate blood flow to the genitalia.
The paper appeared in the journal Archives of Gynecology and Obstetrics.

CISF jawan shoots dead three colleagues at Kalpakkam nuclear powerplantPrint
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: October 8, 2014 10:21 am
Three CISF soldiers were killed and two severely injured after a colleague opened fire on Wednesday morning at the Kalpakkam nuclear power plant, 80 km south of Chennai.
Though the reasons behind the firing is yet to be ascertained, head constable Vijay Prathap Singh, who opened the fire, has been arrested and now being interrogated.
A senior police officer at Kancheepuram said the incident happened at around 5.15 am at the nuclear establishment. “He used his service rifle, a 9mm carbine weapon, to shoot his colleagues. An assistant sub inspector Ganesan, head constables Subburaj, and Mohan Singh were killed at the spot. Another assistant sub inspector, Pratap Singh, and head constable Govardhan Singh are injured and being treated at a private hospital near Chennai city,” the officer said.
The Kancheepuram district police has registered a case and started investigation.

Bang Bang! conquers box office  earns over Rs.200croreBang Bang!”, an out-and-out entertainer, continues its tremendous run at the box office having minted a gross of Rs.201.51 crore in five days.
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 10:15 am
It has bullets flying, cars exploding, stunning locations and an ensemble of good looking actors who will make you drool. ‘Bang Bang!’, an out-and-out entertainer, continues its tremendous run at the box office having minted a gross of Rs.201.51 crore in five days.
The Hrithik Roshan and Katrina Kaif-starrer has collected Rs.156.41 crore in India. In the international markets, “Bang Bang!” raked in Rs.45.10 crore, read a statement.
It’s clearly raining money for Siddharth Anand’s directorial that has been produced by Fox Star Studios.
The Rs.140 crore film, which released Oct 2, also stars Danny Denzongpa, Jaaved Jaaferi, Deepti Naval, Kanwaljit Singh and Jimmy Sheirgill.

Canadian Parliament authorizes air strikes in Iraq against IslamicStateCanadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper is applauded after speaking on the government's motion on a combat mission in Iraq following Question Period in the House of Commons in Ottawa on Friday, Oct. 3, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Toronto | Posted: October 8, 2014 10:11 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 11:20 am
Canada’s Parliament voted Tuesday to authorize airstrikes against the Islamic State militant group in Iraq following a U.S. request.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s Conservative Party introduced the motion last week and it was debated this week. Harper has a majority of seats in Parliament so the vote was all but assured. The motion passed 157-134.
The motion authorizes air strikes in Iraq for up to six months and explicitly states that no ground troops be used in combat operations.
READ: Syrian border town of Kobani poised to fall to militants, warns Turkish president 
The combat mission includes up to six CF-18 fighter jets, a refueling tanker aircraft, two surveillance planes and one airlift aircraft. About 600 airmen and airwomen will be involved.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper speaks about the government’s motion on a combat mission in Iraq following Question Period in the House of Commons in Ottawa on Friday, Oct. 3, 2014. Canada plans to launch airstrikes against the Islamic State militant group in Iraq following a U.S. request and may extend airstrikes into Syria if invited by President Bashar Assad’s government, Harper announced. (Source: AP)
Canada is among dozens of countries that have joined the U.S.-led coalition fighting the Islamic State militant group.
“The threat posed by ISIL is real,” Harper said in a statement, referring to the Islamic State by one of its acronyms.
“If left unchecked this terrorist organization will grow and grow quickly. They have already voiced their local and international terrorist intentions and identified Canada as a potential target.”
The White House welcomed Canada’s deployment.
“Canadians and Americans have fought alongside each other in several major conflicts over the past century, and we are grateful for Canada’s further contribution against terrorism,” a White House statement said.
Canada has more than two dozen special forces advisers already in Iraq and has plans for up to 69 advisers as part of an effort to advise Kurdish forces against Islamic militants after a request from President Barack Obama. The U.S. followed that up with another request for an air combat role.
Although the mission didn’t need parliamentary approval, the government continued…

Nifty fails to defend 7 850; IOC  HPCL up 3%; top stocks in focusSensex rangebound, Nifty tests 7840; top fifteen stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 10.25AM IST
Tags:
Aditya Birla
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a narrow range with a negative bias in trade on Wednesday, led by losses in Infosys , TCS, Sun Pharma and DRL.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was trading near its crucial support level of 7840. Metals, tech and pharma led the decline while capital goods, banks and auto moved higher.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,255.86, down 17 points or 0.06 per cent. It touched a high of 26,334.35 and a low of 26,187.81 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 7,841.65, down 11 points or 0.14 per cent. It touched a high of 7,869.90 and a low of 7,826.70 in trade today.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are in focus today:
UltraTech Cements & Jaiprakash Associates: Aditya Birla group firm Ultratech Cement is believed to be looking at possible acquisition of Jaypee Group's three cement plants in Madhya Pradesh in a deal that could be worth about Rs 5,500-6,000 crore.
At 10:15 a.m.; UltraTech Cements was trading 0.4 per cent higher at Rs 2570 and Jaiprakash Associates was up 2.9 per cent to Rs 28.10.
Can Fin Homes: Can Fin Homes, promoted by Canara Bank has sought capital market regulator Sebi's approval to raise up to Rs 300 crore through a Rights Issue to shore up its capital base.
At 10:15 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.8 per cent higher at Rs 449.10.
Canara Bank: Canara Bank will raise Rs. 1,500 crore Tier-I capital to support asset growth in the current financial year (2014-15) and maintain comfortable capital adequacy.
At 10:15 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 351.90.
Karnataka Bank: City based private sector bank - Karnataka Bank Ltd has joined hands with M/s TVS Motors Ltd, by entering into a memorandum of understanding for extending inventory funding/channel finance facility to the authorised dealers of TVS Motors Ltd.
At 10:15 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 111.50.
Neyveli Lignite: An end to the 35-day old strike by contract workers of Neyveli Lignite Corporation remained elusive as the tenth round of tripartite talks held here today to break the impasse failed to yield any positive result.
At 10:15 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.1 per cent lower at Rs 82.
Coal India Ltd: Prices of coal sold through e-auction are set to rise amid increased demand from power producers that are set to lose coal blocks following the Supreme Court order quashing 214 of the 218 allotments and the government's decision to reduce the quantity of fuel sold through this route.
At 10:15 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent higher at Rs 341.05.
L&T Ltd: Competition Commission has cleared L&T Technology Services' proposed acquisition of IT company Dell International Services India certain assets related to engineering services business.
At 10:15 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.8 per cent higher at Rs 1440.
NTPC: State-owned power utility NTPC is evaluating a proposal to buy stranded power assets worth $5 billion, or Rs 31,000 crore, in contrast with its earlier strategy of taking the greenfield route to add capacity.
At 10:15 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 142.30.
DLF Ltd: Real estate major DLF has moved the Supreme Court challenging the Punjab and Haryana High Court order that cancelled the allotment of 350 acres of prime land by the Haryana government to the realty bigwig for developing golf villas and a golf course in Gurgaon, said media reports.
At 10:15 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.5 per cent higher at Rs 142.85.
IVRCL: Infrastructure major IVRCL is planning to sell its entire 75% equity stake in its Chennai desalination project to shore up its finances and reduce debt burden.
At 10:15 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 16.70.
Adani Power Ltd: Adani Power said on Tuesday that it has demerged its transmission business from itself and its subsidiary, Adani Power Maharashtra, to form another wholly-owned subsidiary, Adani Transmission (India), in order to improve operational efficiency and focus on growth opportunities in the power transmission business, said media reports.
At 10:15 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 42.25.
Texmaco Rail & Engineering: The Saroj Poddar-promoted Texmaco Rail & Engineering said on Tuesday that it has entered into an agreement with US-based leading rail industry parts maker Wabtec for setting up of a joint venture facility, said media reports.
At 10:15 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 83.90.
RIL & Punj Lloyd: A small change in foreign investment rules-by doing away with minimum 51% holding by a single Indian entity in a defence venture-has helped Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Aerospace and Punj Lloyd bag licences that they had been waiting for, TNN reported.
At 10:15 a.m.; RIL was trading 0.6 per cent higher at Rs 932.50 and Punj Lloyd was up 5.4 per cent to Rs 37.75.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jaiprakash Associates up 4% on reports of plant saleJaiprakash Associates rallies nearly 4% on reports of cement plant sale in MP
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 10.03AM IST
Tags:
Aditya Birla
(Jaiprakash Associates…)
NEW DELHI: Jaiprakash Associates Ltd rallied as much as 3.8 per cent in trade on Wednesday, after media reports highlighted that Aditya Birla group firm Ultratech Cement is believed to be looking at possible acquisition of Jaypee Group's three cement plants in Madhya Pradesh in a deal that could be worth about Rs 5,500-6,000 crore.
At 09:50 a.m.; Jaiprakash Associates was trading 3.4 per cent higher at Rs 28.20. It hit a low of Rs 27.50 and a high of Rs 28.35 in trade today.
While investment banking sources involved in the talks said that the discussions are currently under way for a possible deal, a spokesperson for UltraTech declined to comment on queries in this regard, PTI said in a report.
Sources, however, maintained that UltraTech is looking to acquire the three cement plants of Jaypee Group in Reva, Madhya Pradesh and pegged the valuation at around Rs 5,500- 6,000 crore. They added that the discussions are currently focused mainly on valuation part, added the report.
In the June quarter, UltraTech had completed the acquisition of Gujarat units of Jaypee Cement Corp comprising an integrated unit at Sewagram and a grinding unit at Wanakbori with a combined capacity of 4.8 million tonnes per annum.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Punj Lloyd up 10% on fund raising plans  defence dealsYou are here: Home > Collections
Punj Lloyd rallies 10% on fund raising plans, defence deals
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 09.36AM IST
Tags:
endorsements
(Punj Lloyd Ltd rallied as…)
NEW DELHI: Punj Lloyd Ltd rallied as much as 10.05 per cent in trade on Wednesday after media reports suggested that the engineering firm plans to divest assets that aren't key to its main business by the end of October.
Punj Lloyd seeks to raise upwards of Rs.1,000 crore to pare debt and make new investments. The company may sell its 17% stake in Medanta Medicity Hospitals and some of its offshore barges, added the report.
At 09:20 a.m.; Punj Lloyd was trading 7.8 per cent higher at Rs 38.60. It hit a low of Rs 37.60 and a high of Rs 39.40 in trade today.
In a bid to boost domestic defence manufacturing, the commerce ministry Tuesday said it has cleared 33 proposals in the sector. Of the 33 proposals, Punj Lloyd managed to bag licences that they had been waiting for.
"Similarly, the promoters of Punj Lloyd together have a 37 per cent stake, which restricted a wholly owned subsidiary's ability to bag licences to manufacture torpedoes, rocket launchers and combat vehicle," TOI reported.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys slips 3% after Citi downgrades stock to  neutral  from  buy  ahead of Q2 resultsYou are here: Home > Collections > Citigroup
Infosys slips after Citi downgrades stock ahead of results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 01.02PM IST
Tags:
Analyst Recommendation
(Infosys Ltd plunged as much…)
NEW DELHI: Infosys Ltd plunged as much as 4.88 per cent in trade on Wednesday, after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "buy." However, they have increased the 12-month target price to Rs 4065 from Rs 3875 earlier.
Infosys has outperformed the market by 10 per cent post the 1Q results and the stock is now trading at 17x 1-year forward earnings. The IT major is scheduled to report its results for the quarter ended September 30 on Friday.
"The company has done well on the cost initiatives and a new management team is in now in place - these positives are adequately discounted in the multiple and consistent pick-up may not be easy - post the rerating, we downgrade to Neutral," said the global investment bank.
At 12:03 p.m, Infosys was trading 3.9 per cent lower at Rs 3681. It hit a low of Rs 3667.10 and a high of Rs 3800 in trade today.
Citigroup expects Infosys to deliver 3.2 per cent QoQ revenue growth, decent in the context of the volatility the company has faced in the past many quarters. The upper end of the FY guidance may be revised lower given the cross-currency movements.
"We expect margins to improve 80 bps due to INR depreciation and lower visa costs qoq. Comments on any strategic changes by the new CEO would be a key investor focus," said the report.
The global investment bank has revised estimates marginally by 5%, incorporating revised currency forecasts (Rs61/$ now vs Rs59.5/$ earlier) and some changes to our revenue/margin assumptions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

AAP leaders submit photos of filth to MayorsNEW DELHI, October 8, 2014
Updated: October 8, 2014 10:50 IST
AAP leaders submit photos of filth to Mayors
Staff Reporter
Tweet
The Hindu Garbage dumped outside Delhi University campus. Photo: Sushil Kumar Verma
The Aam Aadmi Party leaders and MLAs on Tuesday submitted photos of filth and garbage around the Capital to the Mayors of the three Bharatiya Janata Party-led municipal corporations.
AAP leaders, including Manish Sisodia, Ashutosh, Sanjay Singh and Rakhi Birla, met Yogender Chandolia, Meenakshi and Khushi Ram, the Mayors of the North, East and South civic bodies respectively.
Helpline
The AAP had launched a WhatsApp helpline for the public to send in photographs of garbage after the Swachh Bharat campaign was launched on October 2. Mr. Sisodia said the helpline received around 2,500 photos, which have been uploaded online as well.
He added: “We got a complaint about building materials that had clogged sewers and blocked roads. For three months, the officials did not do anything. These are the kind of issues that need to be addressed.”
The AAP leaders gave about 30 photos to the Mayors and shared the link of the website where the rest have been uploaded. They also asked the municipal leaders to give regular posts to temporary safai karamcharis.
“The Prime Minister has given a call for a clean India. Our volunteers have also started working after October 2, but ultimately it is the responsibility of the municipal corporations,” Mr. Singh added.
The Mayors, for their part, welcomed the photographs.
Mr. Khushi Ram said: “We’re all working for the country, so the AAP leaders can be rest assured that the problems they have pointed out will be addressed.”
Mr. Chandolia added that the photos will be sent to the Commissioners and zonal officials for action.

Cipla to Set Up Manufacturing Plant in IranYou are here: Home Corporates
Cipla to Set Up Manufacturing Plant in Iran
Reuters | Updated On: October 07, 2014 17:00 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Mumbai: Generic drug maker Cipla Ltd has agreed to set up a manufacturing plant in Iran, as part of its strategy to boost its presence in the country's $4 billion pharmaceuticals market that is growing at about 13 per cent annually.
Cipla, which will own 75 per cent stake in the plant being set up in partnership with its local distributor, will invest about Rs 225 crore ($36.65 million) over three years on areas including machinery and equipment for the facility.
The Indian pharma company, which made headlines in 2001 by making antiretroviral medicines to treat AIDS in Africa for under $1 per day, gets more than half its revenue from markets outside India, including the United States and Europe.
Although the sanctions regime, imposed by the United States and European Union over Tehran's nuclear programme, allows trade in humanitarian goods such as food and medicine, not many Indian drugmakers have significant presence in Iran.
"Cipla has been providing medicines to patients in Iran for several years and believes that Iranian patients cannot be denied to medicines due to sanctions," the company said in a statement to Reuters on Tuesday.
"We have observed a high prevalence of respiratory disorders and cancer cases in Iran. There were also patients suffering with diseases like thalassemia, HIV/AIDS and heart diseases, who have been at a risk due to the impact of sanctions."
Setting up the plant will help in faster registrations of new products and will improve its competitive position, the company said, adding that it does not expect any impact on its US and European businesses due to its investments in Iran.
(1 dollar = 61.3950 rupees)

Commodity price fall to benefit India; like Hero: HDFC Sec08:00 am
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Dipen Sheth, Head-Institutional Research, HDFC Securities shared his reading and outlook on the market and stocks across various sectors.
The recent fall in commodity prices like gold and crude will benefit India, he said. On specific stocks, he is bullish on cement player Sanghi Industries .
From the auto sector, he is betting two-wheeler player Hero . Among the four-wheeler pack, Sheth is not much comfortable with  Maruti’s current valuations. He feels that much of delta is already built in Maruti’s stock price.
Below is the transcript of Dipen Sheth's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Are you getting a sense that we could be ripe for a correction or do you think the correction is over?
A: I do not know what you mean by correction.
Latha: We came down from 8,200, so it is a 350 points.
A: 200-300 points off the Nifty in an 8,000 kind of regime -- stock markets do not move in a straight line and there is always going to be a little bit of a push and pull once in a while. So I don’t see what the excitement is all about.
Latha: Can it broaden because there is a lot of chatter that the Modi honeymoon is over and the government has not done enough to sustain the magic?
A: So honeymoons do get over. They don’t continue forever. The business of marriage is messy and the nitty-gritties will start.
Latha: Does the Nifty go to 7,400 or 7,500?
A: Another 200-300 points is not ruled out because the Nifty is a composite of various kinds of stocks volatile and not so volatile, secular and not so secular, cyclical and not so cyclical, government policy dependent and not so government policy dependent and so on. But you have to keep in mind that any correction that will set in the Nifty at this point of time will be seen by solid long-term India investors particularly index investors as an opportunity to enter what is clearly a magnificently healing economy and investing story. So it is this classic trade-off or conflict between weather and climate.
The weather can get a little murky once in a while and it is not even anywhere near murky right now, it is just that you have had a straight line kind of run up and there is a little bit of a sell-off, people are booking profits and some unrealistic valuations are probably giving way. So I am okay with this. I don’t see the big India story having changed materially at all in the last few months.
Reema: The big story of the last one month has been the decline in crude prices as well as in various commodities. So how have you altered your portfolio to account for this because on one hand, it is negative for commodity linked stocks but it is positive for sectors and stocks in which the commodities feed into, particularly cyclicals like autos?
A: Oil prices coming off is structurally good for India, commodity prices coming off is structurally good for India. Apart from the developments such as elections and the new government and a pro-business tilt and a promise of better governance and so on and so forth, any reduction in commodity prices globally is going to work to India’s advantage because we are a net and a very large net importer of commodities. So I don’t see whether the worry is on that count.
The second thing is that fuel prices were kept artificially low through government profligacy which was reflected in fiscal deficits and if commodity prices come off, fuel prices need not necessarily come off, you might see a minor adjustment here and there and that is what has happened that a Rs 12-13 under-recovery in diesel has gone to zero and perhaps even negative. So maybe some past sins can get made up a little bit, I don’t think we should reduce diesel prices at this point of time.
The bigger picture is that macro-healing will set in magnificently and this promise of bringing the deficit to 4 percent or thereabouts and then finding a path, which takes it meaningfully down from there as well becomes that much less challenging. The industries and sectors that lower prices of commodities feed into, more than autos I would say sectors like construction would gain because I suspect lower steel prices would have a salutary effect there.
The steel is also a globally traded commodity, so it is very easy to get in a large amounts of steel into the country should that be required, although we do have very competitive manufacturers of steel in this country as well. So whether it is not so integrated player like a JSW or integrated or mostly integrated player like Tata Steel’s Indian capacity. So I don’t see commodity prices coming down as being bad at all for India. I think it is very good news.
Latha: Let me come to midcaps. Do you see the out performance continuing and rather than the macro speak to us about some of the more interesting stocks in your list. We haven\\'t heard so much about Sanghi Industries, LG Balakrishnan and Brothers, yes, but you see it as the relative out performer in that auto ancillary space?
A: I would disagree with you. I have spoken on our channel earlier about Sanghi Industries but be that as it may. The larger picture to look at in the midcap space is to obviously find companies which are aligned with this cyclical and structural healing in the Indian economy. Some of the stories in the classic domestic cyclical such as auto and cement do arguably look fully valued as of now. So it is surprising that we should be talking about stocks like LG Balakrishnan or Sanghi and what have you.
So on Sanghi specifically, the story is that for years they have been an over-leveraged and underperforming company. However, over the last three or four years they have steadily generated enough cash to be able to partly and slowly retire some of the debt overhang that the balance sheet was creaking under the weight of. Also it must be kept in mind that the biggest issue in setting up a moneymaking cement venture in this country today is the access to limestone and the access to large bits of land where you can keep on expanding capacities. On both fronts Sanghi is very well positioned and their limestone deposits would support a 10 million tonne capacity versus the two odd million that they have has of now.
So there are stock specific issues at Sanghi, which made the stock look optically worse than where it was really. For example they have cement and clinker mismatch. This is one company which has more clinker capacity than grinding. So they are putting that right. This was a company which was at an odd location which was suffering from the burden of a high transport cost. They are looking into that and investing in sea-bond transport and so on. So there are multiple levers which are playing out at Sanghi and no wonder the stock has kind of doubled in the last three or four months.
Even now I would say if you look at name plate capacity yes on enterprise value (EV) per tonne they might look fully valued but versus what they can do by retiring debt or retiring part of the debt and then reinvesting into building more capacity knowing that adequate limestone is available and the market is going to support them in terms of prices, this is actually a multi-year story.

Market remains in midst of big macro trade: Ridham DesaiLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Market remains in midst of big macro trade: Ridham Desai
"The market remains in the midst of a big macro trade, which means sector positions should be wider," says Ridham Desai, Morgan Stanley.
Post your opinion here
 
Ridham Desai, Morgan Stanley says for the past three months or so, quality has made a strong comeback underscoring a patient and rational market, something the brokerage house thinks that augurs well for those bullish on equities.
“In our view, the market remains in the midst of a big macro trade, which means sector positions should be wider. Our stock-picking approach remains to buy cyclicals and as usual, we would avoid beta,” he adds.

How Indian drug makers are taking on the Chinese challengePrint
When M. Narayana Reddy set up Virchow Laboratories in Hyderabad in 1981 to make Sulfamethoxazole, an antibacterial drug used as a low-cost, broad-spectrum antibiotic, there were 30 others in that city alone making the same product. Today, Virchow Labs, the flagship company of the Rs 2,000 crore Virchow Group which makes numerous drugs, drug intermediates and biopharmaceuticals, is the biggest producer of Sulfamethoxazole in the world, manufacturing around 9,000 tonnes per annum.
"There is no other company making it except one in China. But that one can barely meet 50 per cent of the Chinese domestic requirement. All the rest, across the world, is supplied by us," says Reddy. The starting point for Sulfamethoxazole are substances as common as sugar and sulphur.
How did Virchow thrive while all the others fell by the wayside? Over the years many found the making of Sulfamethoxazole uneconomical and faced declining profit margins. They turned to making other products with higher margins. But Reddy saw every such setback as a challenge and looked for ways to become more efficient, altering his production processes in many small ways so his margins were not affected.
Most air-conditioners, for instance, use compressors. Reddy, instead, installed the more economical vapour absorption chillers in his plant - which run on steam that would otherwise have been wasted. He brought in fuel efficient boilers instead of ordinary ones. He set up a captive power plant which not only generated power for his unit but also produced high pressure steam for use in the manufacturing process.
"Each time a company stopped production I would proportionately increase my capacity, and invest all my profit either in advanced equipment that would get us tax benefits, or in other ways which improved efficiency," says Reddy. What also helped was that Sulfamethoxazole, though an old product, continues to be in use - patients have not developed resistance to it as often happens with antibiotics. It is used in combination with a small quantity of Trimethoprim, which Virchow also produces. The drug is sold as Septran by GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals and as Bactrim by Roche. Indeed, this range of antibiotics is now even being considered as a second line of treatment for AIDS.
Reddy's success with Sulfamethoxazole is not unique, though it bucks the prevailing trend. Increasingly, faced with stiff competition from China, Indian bulk drug makers - those who produce the so-called Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) that go into the making of finished medicines which the trade calls 'formulations' - are shrinking or abandoning their business. Chinese bulk drug makers, with the active support of the state, have built gigantic capacities which allow them economies of scale their Indian counterparts cannot match.
Most Indian formulation makers prefer to import bulk drugs from China because it is cheaper to do so, and in fact, in the last few years, have become heavily dependent on Chinese imports. A report in July this year by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM) notes: "This lack of self-sufficiency poses significant risk? Any deterioration in the relationship with China can potentially result in severe shortages in the supply of essential drugs to the country. Additionally, China could easily increase prices of some of the drugs where it enjoys a virtual monopoly."
Process innovation, as Reddy's Virchow has shown, is the way out, but only a handful of bulk drug makers have been able to succeed at it so far. Another is the Rs 11,086-crore Lupin Ltd, the largest producer of Lisinopril in the world, used in the treatment of high blood pressure and sold to around 30 pharma companies, both in India and overseas. It makes Lisinopril in both bulk drug and finished drug form as well as Lisinopril formulations. Last year, Lupin produced 105 tonnes per annum of Lisinopril API, and this year is ramping it up to 120 tonnes.
And it is not just Lisinoprils and statins (drugs used to prevent heart diseases or to check cholesterol) that Lupin leads in. "We have global scale in about a dozen products," says Kamal K. Sharma, Vice Chairman. "This has been achieved through a combination of process innovation, project management - the speed and economy with which a project is executed - and productivity enhancements, controlling the cycle time while at the same time keeping an eye on by product recovery, quality and cost." He maintains that Lupin looks at a healthy mix of "vertical integration and vertical specialisation", where the focus is on processes in which the company has an edge over others.
Another instance is the Hyderabad-based Divi's Laboratories, global leader in the manufacture of two bulk drugs: Dextromethorphan - used in cough suppressants - and Naproxen that goes into anti-arthritis formulations. "We supply 60 per cent of the world's requirement of both," says L. Kishore Babu, Chief Financial Officer. "We have markets in the US and Europe." The company can produce around 1,000 tonnes a year of Dextromethorpran and 3,000 tonnes of Naproxen, the two drugs contributing around 25 per cent to its turnover of Rs 2,500 crore.
A fourth success is Jubilant Life Sciences, a leading manufacturer of Pyridine and its numerous derivatives at its plant in Gajraula, Uttar Pradesh, about 120 km from New Delhi. These are used in the production of a range of agrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, dyes, solvents, metal finishes, fine chemicals and more, and sold to 275 customers across the globe. Pyridine is usually made from petrochemicals, but the the Rs 5,803-crore company employs agricultural feedstock instead, which makes the production process environment friendly, its carbon footprint being 46.7 per cent lower than that of manufacturers using the conventional process. With both backward and forward integration, it also produces Pyridine at the lowest cost globally. "Our manufacturing process uses ethanol, a renewable biomass, and hence our Pyridine qualifies as a green product," says Pramod Yadav, CEO (Advance Intermediates and Nutritional Products).
Is process innovation the only way to stand up to China's might? Glenn Saldanha, Chairman and Managing Director, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, believes so. "Our strength is in process chemistry and that is where India is adding most value globally," he says. "This is what we need to focus on to maintain our competitive advantage." Some others, however, fear it may not last. "While India has traditionally had its strength in process chemistry, in the last couple of years, China has overtaken India in this sphere as well," says Swati Piramal, Vice Chairperson, Piramal Enterprises. "China has invested heavily in resource building and manpower development whereas our country has gone in the reverse direction with no incentive being given to the bulk drugs industry."
Many feel the government needs to act soon to stem the Chinese bulk drugs flood. "The best way is for India to create industry clusters with state support which enjoy common, basic facilities like power at competitive prices," says Satish Reddy, President, Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance (IPA) and Chairman of drug maker Dr Reddy's Laboratories. "This will induce industry to look to investing in capacities that achieve scale and reduce costs."
Reproduced From Business Today. © 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Five economic trends you should pick up from IMF forecast for IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex falls on capital outflows in early tradeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Asia Pacific Market: Stocks surges after Fed commentsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Punj Llyod stock surges 6% on fund raising plansThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US-led airstrikes aid Syrian efforts to curb IS advance in KobaneThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Play your Cards well this Festive Season with American ExpressThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Yahoo to lay off employees in Bangalore to cut costsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Motherson sumi is among the top losers in fo segment  383.4 is down by...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

170 target today.don`t sell .bonus and land sale news may come at any ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Jbm auto is about to flyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Do not get worried with momentary downfall. volumes are very low. some...New Member
3 Followers
Do not get worried with momentary downfall. Volumes are very low. Some people are just scaring away long term investors. Buy at current value or lower if one could and see the double gains within three months time.
10.58 AM Oct 8th  | Track

If I am not a leftist  I am not an artistUpdated: October 5, 2014 16:50 IST
‘If I am not a leftist, I am not an artist’
ANUJ KUMAR
PTI Bollywood director Vishal Bhardwaj.
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
As “Haider” garners applause over the first weekend of its release, director Vishal Bhardwaj talks about his relationship with Shakespeare
For a guy who grew up in the machismo-driven environs of Meerut, Vishal Bhardwaj’s fascination for the lilting text of William Shakespeare is baffling. “In school I was scared of Shakespeare,” says Bhardwaj settling for an exclusive chat on a Sunday afternoon. Unlike his peers, he doesn’t come firing quotable quotes. Like his film you have to be patient with him. “In school and college everything that needs to be mugged scares you. It was like let’s finish it and then we will go and play. The fact that I was more inclined towards cricket than academics made me wary of Merchant of Venice,” reflects.
Be it Maqbool or Omkara, even a student of literature will find it difficult to find that these films are adaptations of Macbeth and Othello. They come across as original stories on screen. As he completes the trilogy by adapting “Hamlet” as Haider has it become a marketing tool for him? “From my side it is like giving credit to the original source. If it becomes a marketing tool than nothing like it! I know if I don’t tell people they won’t get it. Many have not read it and most have forgotten. These days people don’t tend to move beyond the synopsis and character introduction. I am talking about the general film going audience in the country. But I am not the first one to give credit to the great writer. In Gulzar sahib’s Angoor, we get to know that the film is based on Comedy of Errors only when Shakespeare winks from a photograph. In fact it made me realise that Shakespeare was not all that boring as I used to think. That he wrote such comic double roles. Even after that I didn’t go to bookshop to buy Comedy of Errors.”
Many years later, during a train journey he came across an abridged version of Shakespeare through a child and read Macbeth.
Vishal says he wanted to adapt “Hamlet” against the backdrop of militancy in Kashmir for a long time. “But I am not from Kashmir and have not been to Kashmir. Whatever Kashmir I have seen it is through television and films. Whosoever is slightly awakened about today’s India would know about the problems of Kashmir. But the issue doesn’t make a film. I used to feel alien about the everyday life.”
Then he came across Basharat Peer’s “Curfewed Night”. “After reading his account of growing up in those conflicted times, I got the link I was looking for. I literally went back in time with Basharat to understand the mid ‘90s. The fear of that time….” Basharat in fact proved to be a model for Haider. “Like many Kashmiris when he was growing up his parents sent him to Aligarh to study to keep him away from militancy. Haider also goes to Aligarh.” Dedh Ishqiya
As part of the research he watched different adaptations of Hamlet on screen. “Akira Kurosava made a nice adaptation of ‘Hamlet’. Then I watched Mel Gibson’s version. I really liked the Russian adaptation by Grigori Kozintsev. Almost all of them use Shakespearean language. Even the one made in 2004, which is set in contemporary corporate world uses the same kind of language. I think the West hasn’t come out of the Shakespeare’s shadow. I have no such hangovers.”
Many find Shakespeare, akin to a master screenplay writer for a Hindi blockbuster. “He wrote for the masses at that time. Many of us miss that point. His greatness was that he never lost touch with human consciousness. If somebody is a king, he doesn’t cease to be a human being.”
Whosoever has read “Hamlet” can figure out that while Shakespeare suggested that there is no point in blindly following the king. Vishal has replaced the king with the leadership of separatists. While Claudius killed his brother for the throne, here Khurram colludes with State to eliminate his brother to get political mileage. “I am not making a political point. I am trying to look at the problem with a human eye through the turbulent life of a family. But at the same time I haven’t turned the eye from political issues. AFSPA, half widows, which is a step ahead of what our films have made of Kashmir problem. I hope the film will make audience rise above the jingoism and understand that the situation is not as simple as it is made out to be.” Isn’t he asking the Kashmiris to look within? “Not just them, every stakeholder. Indians should also look within. What we have been doing in the State is not right all the time. Everybody has to look within. At least I have looked within.”
One asks him if that was reason behind a section of Kashmiris protesting against shooting in the Valley? “No. If you don’t get to see the shooting it can happen anywhere, Omkara” he reasons hoping the Kashmiris will get to watch the film as soon as life gets on track after the floods.
Over the years literary commentators and psychoanalysts have read multiple meanings in the Bard’s play. And one of them is Oedipus complex. “It is not there on the surface. At least I have never found it on the surface. It is much later that some people have analysed it in different ways. Some analysts have said that ‘Hamlet’ is angry more because his mother has married his uncle and less because the uncle has killed his father. If you want to look it that way then certain things start to appear. I have explored whatever can be within the parameters of our society.” Also, he adds, Oedipus complex is not part of the conscious mind. “The moment you know about the feeling the feeling goes away. It is a complex as long as you are not aware of it.”
He is one of the few Indian filmmakers, who captures the whimsical side of life on screen but sometimes the absurd loses touch with reality as in Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola, an adaptation of Brecht’s play.
“We are all so complex from inside and we all live in a real world but still it doesn’t reflect in our mainstream films. I try to be real. May be in Matru I didn’t present it the way it should have been but at the time of production I was sure. You never really know….that’s the curse of the art.” Of late the chasm between the acting standards of his lead actors and the supporting actors is increasing. If one could notice it in Saat Khoon Maaf, it became glaring in Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola. Vishal admits that he loves supporting actors more than the lead actors. Many feel that if two actors of different calibre are on screen, mainstream film audience usually don’t get it.
“In commercial films the standard of acting is usually abysmal but people find the difference in my films. Once in the Censor Board some members were against the climax of Kaminey. They found the bloodshed too much. I contested that you give U/A certificate to films which show much more violence and in my film it is more of a comic book kind of climax. They said they also understand this but the violence is so real that we get worried. In those films people feel they are watching a film. In your film they feel they are watching reality. I think this is my fortune as well as my misfortune. The audience might not know the reason but they feel the difference in the level of acting because I try to be realistic. When they find that difference in the so-called commercial films they ignore it because there they don’t go to watch acting. They go to pass time.” So he casts these stars for commercial concerns? “Of course, otherwise why will I do it,” he laughs.
His films are assuming leftist leanings. “If I am not a leftist I am not an artist. The kind of inequality India has if that were to happen in a European country it would have faced six revolutions. For centuries we have played with the psyche of the masses. That your deeds in the last birth are responsible for your present miserable state of affairs. It is given a religious tinge so that he should not revolt. What if he said he wants the same bread that the rich are having? It is like I have been told that your films don’t make 100 crores because your cinematic vision doesn’t appeal to the popular taste. And I say is janam mein hi 100 crore bana ke dikhayenge.”
And if it doesn’t happen we will bring your stars into our fold. Perhaps it is because of this streak that his critics feel that he has been diluting since Maqbool. “I am the same kind of man. You can’t lie on screen. I don’t care about the audience.” Really? “Why should I? The audience hasn’t given me anything. I have been appreciated by the intellectuals, the critics and the connoisseurs of cinema. And it is because of them what I am. I don’t follow the popular taste. I want to hold out the hand. It’s up to them whether they want to hold it or not. I don’t make something that I won’t be able to own publicly.”

Iran Frees Journalist On BailPrevious Story
Next Story
Yeganeh Salehi Freed On Bail; Husband Jason Rezaian, Washington Post Reporter, Remains In Detention In Iran: Report
Posted:
reddit
In this photo taken on April 11, 2013, Jason Rezaian, right, an Iranian-American correspondent for the Washington Post, and his wife Yeganeh Salehi, an Iranian correspondent for the Abu Dhabi-based daily newspaper The National, smile as they attend a presidential campaign of President Hassan Rouhani in Tehran, Iran. They have been held in custody for a month since their detention July 2014 in Iran. (AP Photo/Vahid Salemi)
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Iran has released the wife of a Washington Post reporter after arresting the two journalists in July, her newspaper and officials said Monday.
Abu Dhabi-based newspaper The National said Yeganeh Salehi, 30, was released on bail late last week, while her husband, Washington Post correspondent Jason Rezaian, 38, remains in detention. The newspaper cited Ali Rezaian, Jason's brother, for that information, and quoted him as saying that the two were "physically healthy" and that Salehi had been allowed to visit her husband recently. Jason Rezaian has American and Iranian citizenship.
The two were detained along with two other journalists on July 22. The two other reporters were later freed. Iranian officials have not said why the four were detained. Officials were not available for comment on the reported release. Iran's official IRNA news agency put out a brief report quoting an unidentified official as saying Salehi had been freed, without providing details.
Ali Rezaian said neither Salehi nor her family in Tehran would be speaking to the press and asked that their privacy be respected, according to the newspaper. It also cited him as saying that Salehi is no longer allowed to work as a journalist in Iran, without providing further details.
In Washington, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki welcomed the release, and declined to comment further "out of respect for the privacy of her and her family."
"We, of course, continue to call on the Iranian authority government to immediately release all of our detained U.S. citizens in Iran, including of course Mr. Amir Hekmati and Mr. Saeed Abedini," she said. Abedini, a Christian pastor, has been in Iranian custody since September 2012 and is serving an eight-year sentence for undermining state security. During a trial in January, he was convicted of trying to establish a network of Christian churches in private homes. Hekmati is a former U.S. Marine imprisoned in Iran since his arrest three years ago on spying charges.
"Our focus is doing everything possible to secure their return, but I don't have any updates," Psaki said.
President Hassan Rouhani, a relative moderate elected last year on promises to engage with the West, has vowed to expand freedom of expression in Iran. But he has faced stiff resistance from hard-liners in the government who fear that liberalization would undermine the Islamic Republic.
More:

Samsung Heads for Annual Profit Fall After Weak Q3 GuidanceYou are here: Home Corporates
Samsung Heads for Annual Profit Fall After Weak Q3 Guidance
Reuters | Updated On: October 07, 2014 08:11 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Seoul: Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is heading for its first annual earnings drop since 2011 after it revealed its July-September profit would be the lowest in more than three years and said short-term prospects for smartphones were uncertain.
The world's smartphone leader has seen its global market share decline in annual terms for the past two quarters, according to Strategy Analytics, out-classed by Apple Inc's iPhones in the premium segment and undercut by Chinese rivals like Lenovo Group Ltd and Xiaomi Inc at the bottom end.
Samsung said in a regulatory filing on Tuesday that operating profit for the third quarter likely fell 59.7 per cent to 4.1 trillion won ($3.8 billion), well below a mean forecast of 5.6 trillion won tipped by a Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S survey of 43 analysts.
This would mark the South Korean giant's weakest quarterly profit since the second quarter of 2011 and the fourth consecutive quarter of earnings declines on a yearly basis.
Samsung said in a statement that although "uncertainty" persisted in the mobile business, which accounted for nearly 70 per cent of its 2013 operating profit, it "cautiously expects" higher shipments of new smartphones and strong seasonal demand for TV products.
Many analysts and investors believe the best days are behind Samsung's mobile division as it will need to sacrifice margins to keep cheaper Chinese handsets grabbing more of its smartphone turf, even though new products like the Galaxy Note 4 will help nudge profits higher in the current quarter.
"Samsung was too drunk on the memories of its past victories, which kept it from catching onto how the world was changing," HMC Investment analyst Greg Roh said before the guidance was released.
Even so, Samsung's shares were up 2.1 per cent as of 0021 GMT despite the weak guidance. IM Investment analyst Lee Min-hee said investors appeared to be betting that the company's profits have bottomed in the third quarter.
Operating margin for the smartphone business fell in the quarter due to higher marketing expenditure and lower average selling prices, as the proportion of shipments for high-end devices fell and prices for older models dropped, Samsung said.
Samsung's chip division is a lone bright spot. The world's top memory chip maker said returns from its memory business in the third quarter improved sequentially due to strong seasonal demand.
On Monday Samsung revealed plans to spend $14.7 billion on a new chip facility - its biggest investment in a single plant - as it leans on its semiconductor business to offset weakness in smartphones. The plant in Pyeongtaek, south of Seoul, would create 150,000 jobs.
The firm has released new premium smartphones such as the Galaxy Note 4 in recent months, featuring metal frames in a bid to address complaints about the use of plastic in the past.
Samsung aims to launch more cost-competitive devices in the mid-to-low end segments. Analysts expect these products to appear by the end of October.
Nomura said in a note to clients in late September that Samsung would likely sacrifice margins for market share.
The brokerage tipped the company to release a new mid-tier product late this month valued at between $300 and $400, and using similar components to the flagship Galaxy S5 smartphone , which it says is priced for around $500.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

BNP Asks Banks for Help as Dollar Clearing Ban NearsYou are here: Home Corporates
BNP Asks Other Banks for Help as Dollar Clearing Ban Nears
Reuters | Updated On: October 07, 2014 10:43 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
London/New York: BNP Paribas has asked at least three banks to help it clear certain energy transactions in US dollars next year to make sure it can keep its energy trade finance division operating after a ban imposed for violating US sanctions, sources said.
The French bank made the requests to JP Morgan Chase and Co, Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Citi in July and August, according to sources who asked not to be named because talks are confidential.
Four sources with banks and trading houses in Europe and the United States said JP Morgan decided against accepting the request but other sources said talks were still going on.
"Discussions are ongoing and the process is moving forward in a constructive way," a source close to negotiations said.
BNP Paribas, JPMorgan, BAML and Citi declined to comment.
BNP's request to other banks is legally permissible.
However, experts say banks may be reluctant to clear for BNP Paribas because they could be opening themselves up to risk or the perception of risk which could hurt their reputations. One said BNP Paribas may be reluctant to give up as much info as the other bank needs to be comfortable processing transactions, for fear of losing clients.
A New York banking regulator suspended the French bank from clearing transactions in energy trade finance for the whole of 2015 as part of a punishment for violating US sanctions against Sudan, Cuba and Iran. The suspension also included financial penalties of nearly $9 billion.
"Without getting help with the clearing, BNP will simply not be able to operate its energy trade finance division," a source at a trading company which works with BNP said.
The energy trade finance business accounted for as much as 5 per cent of BNP's revenues in 2006 but was scaled back after the 2008 financial crisis and then again after the US probe. It now only represents 1 per cent of overall revenues although still accounts for hundreds of jobs.
US dollar typically transactions pass through one of two major clearing systems in New York where large volumes of the main currency for global commodity trades are readily available.
Despite the suspension imposed by the New York regulator, the terms of the punishment left the door open for the French bank to pay others to do the job.
The suspension of dollar clearing was on business lines that were the central points of wrongdoing, according to the New York Department of Financial Services.
Any bank temporarily taking on clearing on behalf of BNP would be able to charge a high rate for the service and they might also gain new clients if switching back to the French bank in 2016 proved complicated or otherwise less desirable, sources familiar with talks said.
Major global banks such as BNP hold dollar accounts with the two main US payment systems - CHIPS and FedWire - so that foreign companies can make or receive payments to or from suppliers in dollars or do transactions with American clients.
BNP mainly clears dollars on behalf of its own clients, and not on behalf of other banks. CHIPS is owned by 23 large commercial banks and supervised by the US central bank, the Federal Reserve. FedWire is operated by the Fed.
Reduced role
Commodities exporters, importers and trading houses all rely on bank funding to manage capital intensive international trade flows in areas such as oil, metals or coal.
BNP Paribas has been the leader in energy trade finance for decades and trading houses such as Glencore, Trafigura and Mercuria have long relied on the French lender for up to 40 to 50 per cent of their credits lines.
But that business has been scaled back. BNP Paribas, along with other banks, has pulled back from some lending businesses which are seen by regulators as more risky and therefore require banks to hold more capital in case they encounter problems.
Sources at those trading houses said BNP was currently providing around 10-15 per cent of their credit lines as banks from the United States to Europe and Australia - such as Citi, and ABN Amro - expanded in trade finance.
Spokespeople for Glencore, Trafigura and Mercuria declined to comment.
In Europe, dozens of senior managers and BNP's front office staff in energy trade finance left the bank between 2011-2013, according to insiders and trading sources. BNP declined to comment on staffing.
Earlier this year BNP exited its role of coordinating mandated lead arranger on Glencore's $1.275 billion facility. It has stopped new lending to trader Trafigura and is cutting trade finance lending in Africa, according to trading sources. Glencore and Trafigura declined to comment.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Govt seeks AG opinion on ordinance for coal blocksGovt seeks AG opinion on ordinance for coal block deallocation
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 7, 2014  | 11:39 IST
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi
The coal ministry has sought attorney general Mukul Rohatgi's opinion on whether the government needs to bring out an Ordinance to deal with the issues arising from the Supreme Court's (SC) decision decision to cancel the allocation of 214 coal blocks.
"The issues that need to be sorted out by the government in the coal mine case include forfeiting of bank guarantees and title deeds of the land mines purchased by the companies," a senior official said.
The ministry is seeking advice of the attorney general on the issue of bank guarantee forfeited/imposed on the allocatee companies, the cancellation of mining leases, the right and title of the land purchased by the allocatee companies. Once the advice of the attorney general comes in, the ministry will take a view on the Ordinance so as to deal with the implications of SC's order in the coal case. The apex court had last month quashed the allocation of 214 coal blocks allotted to various companies since 1993.
The ministry has said that with SC clearing the air regarding the coal blocks, it will make efforts to ensure that the fuel is made available for electricity generation and the crisis at power plants is eased. The coal stock position at thermal power plants is critical as more than half of the generating stations have less than a week's supply.
A senior official said that the coal ministry is keen to move forward in the matter of allocating the coal blocks which stand reverted to the government. The government appreciates the gesture of the court in granting six months to the allottees as also to the government to complete the process of fresh allocation. The government is conscious of its obligations and responsibilities to ensure maximum coal production, the official added.
Meanwhile, the policy of coal mines auction and methodology is being revisited under the direction of Advisory Council headed by Suresh Prabhu.
According to sources, the ministry, which is awaiting recommendations of the council, will finalise the policy with changes within a month as part of the future course of action following SC's judgment on coal mines. There is also a proposal to form an inter-ministerial committee (IMC) under the chairmanship of additional secretary, coal, to explore all options on the way forward in light of SC's judgment.

Facebook Closes WhatsApp Deal Now Worth $21.8 BillionYou are here: Home Corporates
Facebook Closes WhatsApp Purchase Now Worth $21.8 Billion
Associated Press | Updated On: October 07, 2014 07:47 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New York: Facebook has completed its acquisition of the mobile messaging service WhatsApp for almost $22 billion, up from the original $19 billion when the cash-and-stock deal was struck early this year thanks in part to the rising price of Facebook shares.
Facebook named WhatsApp co-founder and CEO Jan Koum to its board Monday. WhatsApp is by far the largest acquisition for the Menlo Park, California company, and bigger than any deals made by Google, Microsoft or Apple.
The price that Facebook was willing to pay raised eyebrows when the buyout was announced February 19, though analysts agreed that landing the popular site made sense. Including cash, stock and restricted stock awarded to WhatsApp employees, the deal is worth $21.8 billion based on Facebook's stock price on Monday.
WhatsApp has been growing rapidly, especially in developing countries like Brazil, India, Mexico and Russia, and now has more than 500 million users.
WhatsApp lets users chat with their phone contacts, both one-on-one and in groups. It also allows people to send texts, photos, videos and voice recordings over the Internet and lets them text or call people overseas without heavy charges. Free to use for the first year and costing $1 per year after that, the service has no advertising.
Facebook, which has its own mobile messaging app called Messenger, plans to keep WhatsApp as a separate service.
The acquisition was approved by antitrust authority of the European Union on Friday.
Facebook's shares climbed 32 cents to $77.76 in afternoon trading on Monday
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 07:45 (IST)

Sikka to outline strategy at Infosys  Q2 resultsYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Vishal Sikka to outline strategy at Infosys' Q2 results
ET Bureau Oct 7, 2014, 08.06AM IST
Tags:
Infosys
(It will mark the last time…)
BANGALORE: When Infosys declares its second quarter numbers this Friday it will attract a lot of investor and media attention for more than one reason.
For one, it will mark the last time cofounder Narayana Murthy , who returned more than two years ago to steady the ship, will be present when the company announces its results. Two, the management's commentary on business will be a primer for what to expect from results of other software exporters, including TCS and Wipro. Finally, its first nonfounder chief executive Vishal Sikka will outline his strategy to help Infosys retain its bellwether tag.
Although Infosys has stopped giving quarterly guidance, analysts believe that the company should comfortably record decent numbers that will help it retain its earlier annual guidance of 7%-9% for this fiscal. A weak rupee should also help the company record a marginal growth in its bottom line. Consequently, the company should better the 2% sequential growth for the first quarter ended June 30.
"Relative under-penetration of offshore delivery in infrastructure services keeps this a prime sector growth driver," CLSA analysts Ankur Rudra and Rohit Kadam said in a note last month. Infosys continues to see good traction in banking, financial services and insurance space, as well as manufacturing and telecoms.
Although there are some pockets of slowness in retail, clients continue to spend in America and Europe - two geographies that account for over two-thirds of Infosys' revenues.
However, street does not expect Infosys to announce addition of new large clients (50 million+) since Sikka took charge on August 1.
"So it will be interesting to see the impact of client mining (or getting new revenues from existing clients)," said a Mumbai-based analyst at a domestic brokerage.
Despite Sikka reaching out to employees more than once since taking charge on August 1, the company continues to battle high attrition rate. During the first quarter, attrition peaked at 19.5% and analysts and former company executives maintain that attrition for the quarter will remain high. For this reason, the Mumbai-based analyst pegs the attrition number to be at a high of 21-22%. Still, the consensus is that the company should be able to arrest this exodus of employees by the end of the third quarter ending December.
However, one headwind facing almost all IT firms has been slow growth in new deals being signed.
"One peculiar thing during this quarter has been a lower number of contracts has come on board," said an executive at a large Bangalore-based IT firm, adding that it is a "secular trend" witnessed across sectors.
Nonetheless, Infosys could see some headwinds in its BPO service line and core banking product, Finacle as many banks holding back on investing in integrated solutions.
For this reason, Sikka's strategy, including Infosys positioning in social, mobile, analytics and cloud, and the roadmap for the recently spun-off products, platforms and solutions business, Edgeverve will be crucial.
To be sure, the company has already extended the time it will spend to brief analysts about its new strategy from sixty to ninety minutes. Though the new CEO is expected to continue with Murthy's initiatives, including cost optimisation, sales effectiveness and delivery effectiveness, Sikka is expected to "double" Infosys investment in Intellectual property-led revenues and its Finacle.
After Sikka's key note address at Oracle event last month, Tony Baer, IT analyst with London-based research firm Ovum tweeted: "Interesting seeing Vishal Sikka discuss new role & vision for IT svcs (services). Formerly rebel in disguise at SAP, let's see if history repeats." It needs to be seen if Baer and other experts' hope is answered by Sikka.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys to create position of CTO for Navin BudhirajaInfosys set to create position of chief technology officer for Navin Budhiraja
By Shilpa Phadnis, TNN | 7 Oct, 2014, 10.35AM IST
Budhiraja, who had previously worked with Sikka in SAP and who joined Infosys recently is designated as a senior vice president.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: Infosys may have its first ever chief technology officer (CTO) in Navin Budhiraja , former chief architect of SAP's SuccessFactors.
The matter is still under discussion, but the debate suggests that Infosys, under its new CEO Vishal Sikka , wants to move more aggressively towards the new digital technology imperatives — social, mobile, analytics and cloud — that are altering the way traditional IT services are delivered.
Budhiraja, who had previously worked with Sikka in SAP and who joined Infosys recently (TOI was the first to report this development), is designated as a senior vice president. Sources told TOI that the management is contemplating giving him the functional designation of a CTO, but are considering the repercussions it could have on some of the senior management.
Asked if Budhiraja would be designated as CTO, Infosys said, "We don't comment on speculation."
A CTO typically has responsibility for all technology policy and related matters such as research and development (R&D).
The creation of a CTO's office puts the spotlight on Infosys' ambitious roadmap to redefine the existing IT services landscape using artificial intelligence, automation and natural language processing (NLP) and engaging with the startup ecosystem to differentiate its product offerings.
"Sikka is building a strong core team focused on solving critical customer challenges leveraging technologies, not merely focused on technology for technology's sake. Sikka wants to excite customers and the Infosys team. This means raising the bar in terms of what Infosys' clients and Infoscions have come to expect. If Infosys is to offer competitive advantage to its clients, it must lead with technology solutions that raise the bar," said Dave Gardner , founder of US-based Gardner & Associates Consulting.
Budhiraja, who has spent over two decades in the technology industry, was most recently a consultant in Riverwood Capital, a US-based private equity firm targeting middle market technology firms. Prior to that he led the transition of the SuccessFactors platform to support multiple other technology platforms. SAP acquired SuccessFactors, a cloud-based business software provider, in a deal valued at $3.4 billion in 2011. Budhiraja, an IIT-Kanpur and Cornell University alumnus, was the co-founder of technology startup Coral Tree and was the CTO of CubeTree that was subsequently acquired by SuccessFactors.
Sikka articulated the company's strategy of renewing the core business and innovating into new businesses at Oracle Open World in San Francisco last week.

Sikka ropes in SAP colleague Michael Reh to revive Infosys  FinacleYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Vishal Sikka ropes in former SAP colleague Michael Reh to revive Infosys' Finacle
Neha Alawadhi & Varun Sood, ET Bureau Oct 6, 2014, 04.37PM IST
Tags:
Finacle
(Reh, who joined Infosys…)
NEW DELHI/BANGALORE: Vishal Sikka has tasked his former colleague from SAP , Michael Reh to help revive the fortunes of Infosys's core banking, Finacle, thereby underlying the significance of the division after the first non-founder CEO said that he aims to double company's investment to revive the struggling solutions vertical.
M Haragopal, senior vice president and head of Finacle, decided to end his over two decade stint with the Bangalore-based company, prompting Sikka to anoint Reh, who joined Infosys on October 1. Reh, formerly EVP for business information and technology at SAP, will continue to be based out of Hamburg, Germany, ET learns.
This change in leadership at Finacle is effective October 20.
"Haragopal...has expressed his desire to move from Infosys to pursue his entrepreneurial ambitions. The management has accepted his request and has appointed Michael Reh as Senior Vice President and the new Global Head of Finacle," Infosys said in an internal email sent to employees on Monday.
An Infosys spokesperson declined to comment, saying: "As a matter of policy we do not comment on the appointments or exits other than Members of the Board or Executive Officers"
Although Infosys does not share revenues generated from its core banking product, over the last three years Finacle has seen revenues dip from from $314 million in 2012 to $297 million by the end of March 2014, estimates advisory firm Nelson Hall. This was mainly on account of poor demand from banks to invest in next generation core banking solutions and company's inability to tap into the large US market, said one former Infosys executive.
For now, Infosys clubs revenues from Finacle along with its clients from the banking, financial services and insurance space, which accounts for a little over 33.5% of company's $8.25 billion revenues.
Last week, Sikka told industry participants at an Infosys customer event in Berlin that among other things, he plans to double investments in Finacle, without sharing details. Some experts, including Rachael Stormonth, senior vice president at Nelson Hall, believe that Infosys may look at expanding Finacle brand to include insurance, something which Mumbai-based TCS has done with its core banking product BaNCS.
For now, Infosys has been successful in selling Finacle to 170 banks in emerging markets, including Asia Pacific, Middle East and Latin America, and has built customer base in Ireland, the Netherlands and the UK. These geographies account for about over 90% of Finacle's revenues while US accounts for remaining 8-9%, according to an executive at banking financial and services space at Infosys. Experts at Forrester and Nelson Hall believe that Sikka could help expand Finacle's reach in the US as there is "pent-up demand" for replacement of core banking systems from both large and small banks.
"Finacle is also one of a small group of solutions that offer more than basic social media support," said Frederic Giron, VP and Research Director, Forrester Research.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ciaz to take on rivals Honda City and Hyundai VernaMaruti Suzuki's cheaper Ciaz to take on rivals Honda City and Hyundai Verna
By ET Bureau | 7 Oct, 2014, 08.09AM IST
The Ciaz is priced between Rs 6.99 lakh and s 9.80 lakh, before local levies and insurance. Verna starts at Rs 7.39 lakh and go up to Rs 11.72 lakh for the top-end variant.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Maruti Suzuki on Monday priced the Ciaz aggressively - a strategy it has successfully adopted on many of its cars — to take on sprightlier rival models Honda City and Hyundai Verna that rule the country's crowded market for mid-size sedans. The Ciaz is priced between Rs 6.99 lakh and Rs 9.80 lakh in Delhi, before local levies and insurance.
The Hyundai Verna starts at Rs 7.39 lakh and go up to Rs 11.72 lakh for the top-end variant, while the Honda City costs between Rs 7.19 lakh and Rs 11.05 lakh. Maruti is playing the price card to gain traction over the rivals.
The City leads the local market, accounting for one in every two cars sold. In the first five months of the current fiscal year starting April, Honda sold 30,447 City sedans, while Hyundai's Verna followed with 15,462 units. Maruti had sold 802 units of the SX4 sedan, which the company stopped producing in August, before it launched the Ciaz.
Maruti and its vendors together had investedRs 620 crore for developing the Ciaz, which has 98% of its contents sourced locally. It offers two engine options: a 1.4-litre petrol power plant and a 1.3-litre diesel engine. According to the company, the diesel variant delivers 26.21 kilometers to a litre of fuel, the highest for any car manufactured locally.
Maruti is banking high on the Ciaz to keep its sales momentum going after posting a 15% jump in sales so far in the current fiscal year.
"We have designed this car keeping in mind the needs and expectations of the Indian sedan customer. The diesel Ciaz is India's most fuel efficient car today and comes with great looks, plush interiors, and offers generous room and comfort," managing director and Chief Executive Kenichi Ayukawa told reporters on the sidelines of the launch. "We aim to sell around 80,000 Ciaz in the first year and would also export it to the Middle East, Latin America and Africa. "Maruti has started taking orders for the car last month and has got so far got around 10,000 bookings.

Fiat says merger with Chrysler effective as of Oct. 12Fiat says merger with Chrysler effective as of Oct. 12
By Reuters | 7 Oct, 2014, 12.01PM IST
Tweet
MILAN: Italian car maker Fiat said on Tuesday the merger with its U.S. unit Chrysler will be effective as of Oct. 12 after all conditions for the tie-up to go through were met.
Fiat said no creditors had opposed the merger and the amount of money to be paid to shareholders that chose to sell their shares had not exceeded a 500-million euro cap set by the company.
Shares in the new holding Fiat Chrysler Automobiles will start trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 13, Fiat said in a statement.

Can Aditya provide a new lease of life for Shiv SenaAditya Thackeray
(Old timers recall how Bal…)
MUMBAI: When Shiv Sena was so completely sure of winning the 2014 polls along with its 25-year-old ally, the party—if some senior functionaries of Shiv Sena are to be believed—had even toyed with the idea of fighting the 2019 elections with Aditya Thackeray as chief minister of Maharashtra. Now, all those ideas need to be reworked. But, there is no doubt how important Aditya is to the party.
Even as a child, Aditya was interested in politics. Old timers recall how Bal Thackeray's eldest grandson would always be around for photo-ops when bigwigs of national politics came knocking at the doors of Matoshree. Old Shiv Sainiks remember seeing a an adolescent Aditya, always in the thick of action, offering tech tips to help his father Uddhav handle a new gadget or as he grew older get involved in animated discussions on politics.
Though there was no doubt about Aditya's place in Shiv Sena as Uddhav's political heir, his entry into the party was a rushed affair in 2010 after Uddhav and Shiv Sena were challenged by the cousin, Raj Thackeray , who split the party and founded the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena in 2006. What rocked the Sena was the phenomenal support Raj had among the youth.
The Sena believed that Aditya could be an effective counter to Raj and undoubtedly the strategy has succeeded to a large extent. As the head of the Yuva Sena, Aditya, has managed to lure a large number of youngsters into the Sena. The 24-year-old has become so big in the family-run party that insiders say that he effectively controls the Sena and devises its strategy. For instance when BJP declared publicly that it was breaking its alliance with the Sena, it was not Uddhav, but Aditya who first responded on Twitter.
Aditya is supremely confident of his abilities and about the role that he has assumed for himself and hence, has already made a mark in the party. He has consciously nudged the party away from violence to have an image makeover and has strictly instructed Sena functionaries not any undertake violent agitations.
The Sena always drew its strength and sent political messages out through its strong local network of Shakhas spread across the state. But Aditya has taken the party beyond its shakhas to the cyber networks on "watsapp", twitter and other social media platforms. He supplemented the old political networking tools that his grandfather and the great grandfather Pabodhankar used with new age social networking tools. So, even the Michael Jackson song that plays on his mobile as one dials his number does not really come across as cultural shock for the Shiv Sainik or anyone else who engages with Aditya.
And his second cousin Amit Thackeray is one of the many who used to meet up with him frequently.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MNS  Amit Thackeray being groomed for full-time politics(Unlike Aditya, his younger…)
MUMBAI: A team of MNS leaders is said to be furiously 'polishing' Amit Thackeray's political skills.
MNS leaders like Nitin Sardesai, Shirish Sawant and Rita Gupta, to name a few, are the ones who are teaching Amit the ropes. His mentors obviously want him to copy his father's mannerisms from the way Raj Thackeray looks, talks and even how he gives the occasional menacing glare.
Unlike Aditya, his younger cousin Amit is said to be an 'introvert' who keeps to himself and his close circle of friends who have nothing to do with politics. Aditya was brought up in a politically charged household with close interactions with Bal Thackeray and Sena's top leaders, but Amit's engagement with politics began just about now, during the eve of the polls.
The MNS leaders are egged on by Raj's enthusiastic wife, Sharmila, which is another similarity that Amit shares with his cousin. Uddhav's wife Rashmi is also learnt to have played a huge role in encouraging Aditya to enter politics.
Amit is now expected to attend all party meetings, but no one seeks his suggestions nor does he volunteer any. He was even present a week ago when his dad interviewed potential candidates at Aurangabad, though he didn't venture to ask a single question.
His importance in the scheme of things is not in question as party leaders treat him with as much respect as they do his dad.
In the run up to the Lok Sabha polls, Raj had quashed speculation of son Amit being 'launched' into the political scene, sarcastically asking the media if his son were a rocket that had to be 'launched'. He did, however, say that his son would be 'brought into politics at the right time'. And, the right time has just begun.
MNS officials said that they got the first hint of Amit getting politics soon after the LS polls, when during a party meeting of sampark pramukhs at Nashik, Amit was introduced in the conclave by Mahim MLA and one of the closest aides of Raj, Nitin Sardesai.
According to a party functionary who was present at the meeting, Sardesai told them, 'he will learn only if he sees all this." By 'all this' Sardesai obviously meant party discussions, meetings and strategies, and Amit is part of it all, now. But Sardesai, when contacted by ET, denied that he had made this statement but admitted that Amit was attending a number of meetings.
"He has been attending a number of meetings and has shown interest (in politics) , " s a i d Sardesai. When asked about Amit's entry in to politics, S a rd e s a i had this to say, "that is up to him and his family to decide."
A senior MNS functionary revealed that while Amit was present at party meetings, there is one golden rule that he is not supposed to violate. "He has been forbidden to make any speeches or any official interactions with any of the party functionaries, his father has given specific instructions both to Amit and some of his top leaders," said the MNS functionary.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uddhav compares BJP poll campaign in Maha to Afzal Khan s invasionYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Uddhav Thackeray compares BJP poll campaign in Maharashtra to Afzal Khan's invasion
ET Bureau Oct 7, 2014, 04.22AM IST
Tags:
Afzal Khan
(On Monday in one of the shrillest…)
NEW DELHI: Though PM Narendra Modi while campaigning for the BJP in Maharashtra has said that he won't attack the Shiv Sena as a 'mark of respect for Bal Thackeray', the Shiv Sena has had no such qualms.
On Monday in one of the shrillest attacks on the BJP and Modi, Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray called Modi and the BJP leaders an 'army of Afzal Khan .'
Speaking at a rally in Tuljapur in Osmanabad , Uddhav said, "What are they trying to accomplish? First Modi came, then his entire cabinet has come to campaign, its as if the whole Afzal Khan's army has landed here to conquer the state."
The Sena President claimed that the real intention of Modi and other BJP leaders camping in Maharashtra was to break the state.
"Modi is talking of developing the state, but on the pretext of development they actually want to break Maharashtra in to pieces, but the people of the state would not tolerate such attempts and the BJP "said Uddhav, who said that just like Afzal Khan's army the BJP would also be defeated in its' attempt.
Uddhav's talk of the BJP breaking up the state was a reference to its former alliance partner supporting the demand for the creation of a separate state of Vidarbha.
Uddhav also took pot shots at Modi's call for electing a strong BJP government so that it could be in sync with that in the centre and lead to more progress in the state. " Do you want a CM who shakes his tail to those sitting in Delhi? Maharashtra needs a strong Chief Minister.
Having a Chief Minister from a different party in the state to that of the centre, does not mean that the state's progress would be hampered."claimed Uddhav.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wait on for Narendra Modi to spur economy: Jim RogersBrent crude oil
("Many global investors…)
Many global investors are still somewhat exuberant about India's prospects after Narendra Modi became the prime minister, but some of them are beginning to worry in the absence of results, said legendary maverick investor Jim Rogers.
In an interview with ET, Singapore-based Rogers, who co-founded Quantum Fund with another celebrity investor George Soros in the 1960s, got candid when he said he is buying India's stock index while staying away from gold for a while. Excerpts:
How do you rate the performance of the new government under Narendra Modi?
So far, Modi does not seem to have produced results, which we all expected him to do. He said a lot of wonderful things, but so far nothing has happened, other than a lot of public relations.
Do foreign portfolio investors share your view? What is the mood among these investors because their inflows have slowed in the last two months?
The mood about India is still somewhat exuberant because Modi is still very popular since the last elections. But some people have begun to worry about how long this honeymoon period will go on.
Modi has not done much to change the economic outlook of India. People are waiting to see when Modi is going to change its economic policy, or start opening up of India to outside world. The expectations are very high because Modi at some point of time has to come up with some concrete proper actions.
What will be the impact of interest rate hikes by the US Fed next year on markets?
Most central banks follow the market, and the market dictates what has to happen. In the US, interest rates have already started going up a bit, and they will continue to go higher, in my view. The US central bank will be forced to cut back its bond purchases and probably they will, and that will lead to higher interest rates.
At some point, we are going to have interest rates that will affect markets though that may not happen for a while. But when it happens, central banks will panic, the US central bank will panic and then they all will again start buying bonds in order to calm down the markets. Then again, interest rates will come down for while, and there will be bubble in the markets.
How do you see emerging markets like India getting impacted from the US Federal Reserve interest rate hike?
Emerging markets will get impacted from the US Federal Reserve interest rate hike. Last year, it scared lot of people, including the best of the emerging markets, when the tapering of quantitative easing was announced. When the market goes down by a fair amount, central banks will panic, and they will say "Don't worry, we will help you". Yes, it's going to affect everybody, especially the emerging markets.
 
You have been a big Gold Bull for a while. What is your view on it (gold prices have tumbled to its lowest level in 15 months to below $1,200/ounce)?
I have not been buying gold for a long time. I hope that I may get another chance to buy gold some time this year or next. If gold prices drop below $1,000/ounce, I hope to buy a lot more gold. Meanwhile, I have not bought nor sold gold though I have hedged some of my gold.
So, what are you buying these days?
I am buying stock index in India, stock index in Russia. I am long on fertilisers and agriculture commodities as I expect prices to go up. I am overweight on the US dollar. I am overweight on Japanese blue chips as pension funds there are adjusting their portfolios. I am overweight on China as the government is emphasising its economic plans for the next 20-years.
Why are you buying US dollars now? Are you betting on the US economic recovery?
The US dollar is partially gaining strength because there is turmoil in the markets; people are worried about the Middle East, Russia, and when people are worried, they quickly resort to the US dollar to make payments. The US dollar is not safe haven anymore, but people don't understand that. As long as there is turmoil in the world, the dollar will go higher and higher, and this will hurt many countries and economies. And my plan is when the dollar goes higher and higher, I will sell the dollars. Having said that, currently I am long on dollars.
Do you think Brent crude oil will fall further from the current levels (it has fallen over 20% since June this year to hit a 27-month low)?
We are going to have a bit more correction in crude oil prices and some commodities. I hope to buy some commodities when this correction goes far enough. The world is running out of oil in most countries, and the bull market in crude oil is still not over in my view. When crude oil goes down further, I would rather buy the commodity than sell.
Some of the emerging economies, including India, are showing signs of recovery. Is it sustainable?
Well, that has been true for most part of the world because vast amount of money has been pumped into Japan, America, Europe, and the UK. Whether the recovery will last or not I don't know. But these are all artificial money which has been pumped in to rest of the world.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Samsung Electronics heads for annual profit fall after weak Q3 guidanceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi dividend may push up growth  says World BankCare Ratings
(The World Bank calls for…)
NEW DELHI: A 'Modi dividend' could lift India's economic growth to 6.4% in 2015-16, the World Bank has said, referring to a possible boost to the animal spirits of entrepreneurs due to the coming to power in May of a government perceived to be more market-friendly than the previous one.
"The Indian economy , 80% of the (South Asia) region's output, is set to grow by 6.4% in 2015-16 after 5.6% in 2014-15...India is benefiting from a 'Modi dividend'," noted the World Bank's bi-annual report, South Asia Economic Focus. Apart from the rather unusual personalisation of the sources of India's economic growth, the report is otherwise along conventional lines.
China's Growth Will Slow to 7.2%
The World Bank calls for structural reforms and prudent macroeconomic management for a better medium-term outcome. "The Modi effect is definitely playing out as far as capital inflows are concerned. Inflation needs to trend downwards, but the external and fiscal positions look very promising," said Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief economic adviser at SBI.
He added that the current year's growth could turn out to be higher than the 5.6% estimated by the World Bank. As far as India's giant neighbour is concerned, the World Bank has estimated that China's growth will slow to 7.2% next year, a cut from the 7.5% estimated in April this year. The bank also does not see any threat for India because of the likely withdrawal of US monetary stimulus over the rest of 2014 and 2015, as the economy is now stronger in terms of its ability to manage current account.
India's economic growth will accelerate to touch the 7% mark in 2016-17, according to the report, which took note of recent policy measures undertaken. These include liberalisation of foreign direct investment in railways and defence, disbanding of the Planning Commission and its replacement by an economic advisory body, financial inclusion as well as actions to simplify land acquisition and reform labour laws.
India's economy turned around sharply in the first quarter of 2014-15 to grow at 5.8%, bucking the dismal sub-5% growth of the last two years. "India's growth performance remains strong vis-a-vis emerging market peers," the World Bank said. Private investment is expected to pick up thanks to the new government's business orientation and declining oil prices should boost private sector competitiveness, it added. "The 'Modi Dividend' is coming out from the positive sentiment, as reflected in the stock market .
All economic indicators look positive, aided by the base effect and actual recovery in some areas. But there is a lot of resolution shown by the government in areas like fiscal deficit and current account deficit. We expect economy to see an all round recovery soon," said Madan Sabnavis, chief economist at CARE Ratings .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Impressed by Narendra Modi s commitment to fighting poverty: Bill GatesBill Gates
("We came away impressed…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's commitment to improve health services and his focus on ending open defecation has "impressed" Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates who said it is "inspiring" to see India move to the forefront of providing such services to the underprivileged.
"Modi has India talking about toilets...This is not the kind of issue that most politicians like to talk about. But I would guess that in the short time he has been in office, Prime Minister Modi has done more to raise the awareness of the need for toilets than any other leader since the country gained independence," Gates said in a blog post titled 'Meeting the New Prime Minister.'
In the blog, Gates writes about his meeting with Modi in New Delhi last month when he and his wife Melinda focussed on toilets, vaccines, bank accounts and health clinics in their "more than an hour" long discussions.
"We came away impressed by his commitment to fighting poverty and improving health for India's poorest people," Gates said.
"This is an exciting time, not just for India, but for everyone who cares about giving the poorest people a chance to lead healthy, productive lives. With all the attention and innovation going on in these areas--from health to financial services--we have a fantastic opportunity to make an impact. It's inspiring to see India moving to the forefront of these efforts," he said.
Gates said Modi "made it clear" that he is "frustrated" with the slow pace of improvement in expanding and improving sanitation services across the country.
Modi, who wants to end open defecation by 2019, shared with the billionaire couple few of his ideas, including installing toilets in bus and rail stations in 500 towns.
Gates said Modi has been "quite outspoken" on open defecation, a subject one hears much less about.
"It may seem surprising when you think about all the innovation coming out of India, but 630 million people there defecate in the open because they don't have access to a commode. Worldwide, the number is 2.5 billion people," he said, adding that creating good sanitation options for people is a big focus of the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation.
Gates discussed with the Indian leader the opportunity to design 21st century toilets that do not need big sewage systems and water treatment plants.
He praised Modi for being "generous" with his time with them even though his office was busy with the visit of Chinese President Xi Jingping and the floods in Jammu and Kashmir.
"Judging from our time there, it sounds like he's setting aggressive goals and pushing people to get them done quickly. He's having a lot of intense meetings with various ministers, asking them, 'What can you do in 100 days? Can you make your goals more concrete? More ambitious?'," Gates wrote.
FEATURED ARTICLES

It s family over husband for Aishwarya Rai Bachchan; will skip Happy New Year s Dubai premierePrint
The premiere the much awaited movie 'Happy New Year' on October 23 which clashes with Diwali.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 7, 2014 2:15 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 3:13 pm
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has proved to be a true blue Bachchan bahu and this time around she cements the fact further.
The festive season has just begun and it’s the time of the year when the Bachchans celebrate Diwali and other festivals with glitter and glamour. But this year, Abhishek Bachchan will be missing from the festivities as he would be flying to Dubai to attend the premiere of his much awaited movie ‘Happy New Year’ on October 23 which clashes with Diwali.
One would expect wifey Aishwarya to join him at the premiere night, but the Bachchan bahu has decided to skip it. Explaining the reason why the doe-eyed beauty chose to absent herself from this big moment from her husband’s life, a source says, “The Dubai premiere clashes with Diwali on October 23. Everybody knows Diwali is celebrated with great gusto in the Bachchan household every year. It’s an open-house at the Bachchans’ residence Jalsa for Diwali each year with the entire entertainment industry dropping in through the evening and night. Abhishek cannot be at home for Diwali because he must attend the Dubai premiere of Happy New Year. Aishwarya has decided to opt out of this big moment from her husband’s life so that one of the couple could represent both at the Diwali celebration at Jalsa.”
The source goes on to say that though Aishwarya knows how important the movie is for Abhishek, Diwali is an annual occasion at the Bachchan household and either of the two has to be present at ‘Jalsa’ to bring along the festival. Aishwarya would represent Abhishek in all the ‘rasams’ and ‘pooja’.
Shah Rukh Khan is known for his unique marketing ways, hence for ‘Happy New Year’ too, he has kept the scale grand enough to ensure that the movie doesn’t fall below the standard set by himself. The whole team, which includes himself, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood, Vivaan Shah and Farah Khan, would be missing Diwali and attending the premiere
Here’s hoping that the team gets to celebrate Diwali once they are back and the crackers be the huge box office collections of the movie.
(With inputs from Bollywoodhungama.com)

Flipkart  Snapdeal Sell Products Worth Rs 600 Cr Each in a DayYou are here: Home Corporates
Flipkart, Snapdeal Sell Products Worth Rs 600 Crore Each in a Day
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 07, 2014 09:45 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New Delhi: In one of the biggest sales days in Indian online retail market, Flipkart and Snapdeal on Monday sold products worth an estimated Rs 600 crore each even as customers complained about technical glitches, while global e-retailer Amazon continued its own pre-Diwali campaign.
Flipkart claimed it sold products worth $100 million (over Rs 600 crore) within 10 hours, while Snapdeal pegged its sales at Rs 1 crore a minute-- which translates into a figure similar to Filpkart's. There was no sales figure from Amazon which is running a three-day discount campaign.
"We got a billion hits on our site today and achieved our 24 hour sales target of $100 million in GMV (gross merchandise value) in just 10 hours," Flipkart co-founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal said in a joint statement.
Sale on Flipkart started at 8 am and most of the products under scheme were sold by afternoon.
"The Big Billion Day is an unprecedented day for us as this is the biggest sale ever in India. With a range of exciting offers on quality products at disruptive prices available throughout the sale period, we have created history in Indian e-commerce," the joint statement said.
"Snapdeal had a record breaking day of sales on October 6, 2014. We witnessed sales of over a crore rupees a minute, with lakhs of products being sold in a single day," its co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl said.
Customers, however, complained of technical glitches and slow response on Flipkart website. They took to social media websites to express their dismay over the performance of the Flipkart website during the sale scheme.
Some customers complained that they did not receive their order details despite paying for the product they bought.
"Our technology team has been dedicated towards addressing errors and providing constant support to accommodate the largest scale of traffic and customer visits e-commerce has witnessed across the country," the Flipkart statement said.
The company offered huge discount on mobile phones, consumer electronics, gold coins and other merchandise products.
Under the sale, Flipkart offered Nokia 1020 at Rs 19,999 which is about 60 per cent less than its launch price.
Similarly, the company offered heavy discounts on books. Some products were on offer at discount of over 90 per cent.
Snapdeal claimed it sold 10 products per second across categories between October 3 and October 5 but did not disclose the total sales value.
The company claimed it sold a smartphone every 6 seconds, laptop every 20 seconds, tablet every 30 seconds, saree every 30 second, a pair of footwear every 10 seconds etc.
"We saw a great wave of enthusiasm from the shoppers and have witnessed a spectacular growth of over 100 per cent in sales across categories in a short period of time.
While categories like Fashion and Electronics continued to deliver record sales, the results of other categories like Home Decor and Furnishings have beaten our expectations as well," snapdeal.com Senior vice president Sandeep Komaravelly said.
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 09:41 (IST)

Good start on our mind: MS DhoniIndia captain MS Dhoni and his deputy Virat Kohli at the practice session ahead of their first ODI match against West Indies in Kochi. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Kochi | Posted: October 7, 2014 6:57 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:01 pm
The series against West Indies will be India’s only chance to iron out any flaws before embarking on the tough tour of Australia and skipper Mahendra Singh on Tuesday hinted that the hosts will try out a few things in the home rubber against the Caribbeans starting in Kochi on Wednesday.
The West Indies are presently touring India for five ODIs, three Tests and one-off Twenty20 International.
On the eve of the first ODI at the Nehru Stadium, Dhoni, however, made it clear that although he will look to experiment with a few things, winning the series is of
paramount importance for India.
“We want to see the bigger picture here. We want to do a few things (in the series) because you don’t want to go to Australia and say we should have done this, we should have done that. We will see what our cricketers can offer (against West Indies) and I will also see what best I can do,” Dhoni said at the pre-match press conference ahead of the first ODI.
“But it is important to start well and look to win the series. This is first and foremost in our minds,” he stressed.
After the conclusion of the series against the West Indies, India will tour Australia from December 2014 to January 2015, for four Tests followed by an ODI tri-series
that also features England.
So understandably, queries on India’s preparation for the Australia tour took most of the attention.
In the absence of injured Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane is expected to take up the responsibility of opening the batting.
But Dhoni did not mince words when he said he always prefers Rahane over Rohit in the opening slot and even hinted that the former can be asked to take up the role in Australia.
“I personally feel Anjinkya (Rahane) has really held through his job as an opener, even in IPL he opens. He has been very consistent against both seamers and spinners. He should take the responsibility of being the opener. Ajinkya has opened for us in the past also in England earlier, not in the recent tour, before that,” Dhoni said.
“Ideally, Ajinkya as an opener and Rohit down the order suits us but that is something we will have to wait and watch. Definitely we have some plans in that area. I still feel Ajinkya has much more to offer,” he said.
Insisting that death bowling is a “genuine concern”, Dhoni said India will need to address the dearth of a lethal pace attack before the Down Under tour and the World Cup.
“It is a genuine concern for us and it is going to be tough. We have to get the executions right. We have to improve because we do not have too many fast bowlers who bowl quick and still maintain a good line and length. If you do not bowl quick and stray in line, continued…
It is important to start well and look to win the series. This is first and foremost in our minds

I will keep my eye on Kuldeep Yadav: Sunil GavaskarPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 7, 2014 9:38 pm
India and the West Indies will be involved in a five-match ODI series from Wednesday and former India skipper Sunil Gavaskar picked rookie spinner Kuldeep Yadav as the player to watch out for.
“I will keep my eye on Kuldeep Yadav. He has been the find of the Champions League T20. What has been impressive is his ability to comeback after being hit for runs. So far he has shown he is not afraid to come back.
“Hopefully he will get the right kind of advice in the Indian dressing room. He’s got a big heart and he doesn’t let his shoulders drop. He actually wants to comeback and bowl again after going for a lot of runs and that is the hallmark of someone looking to fight it out. I think he can be a match-winner even in Tests,” Gavaskar told NDTV.
As far as Virat Kohli’s poor run of form was concerned, Gavaskar felt the series against the West Indies is an opportunity for the batting mainstay.
“I think on Indian pitches, it shouldn’t be a problem for him to score runs. He has scored all over the world. In the sub-continent against this West Indian bowling attack, it is an opportunity for him to regain the confidence he lost on the England tour.”
And talking about Rohit Sharma, who was not picked in the squad for the current series because of injuries, Gavaskar said the Mumbaikar will have to prove his mettle in domestic cricket again.
“It (his return to the team) depends on the kind of form Rohit is in. When you talk about his comeback, he needs to play domestic cricket. He has got to show some form. Nobody just walks back into the Indian team.
“I don’t think we should talk as if Rohit is a certainty. Rohit will have to prove himself and score heaps of runs. Only after that can we discuss whether he can open the batting or (Ajinkya) Rahane should continue.”
Talking about the reporting of bowlers for suspect action, Gavaskar says instead of reporting a bowler with suspect action, umpires can straightaway call the offender or inform the captain to take him off attack, as that would not allow the bowler to have an impact on the outcome of the match. Gavaskar also said that the umpires need to inform captains during the game rather than report the action after it.
“There is no point in reporting a bowler after he has won a ODI for his team with a suspect action. That is no good. If they’re unhappy with the action, they should ask the captain to take him off. That should be the way forward,” said the former Indian opener.
“Rather than reporting suspect actions, the umpires should straightaway tell the captain that they aren’t happy with that particular bowler’s action and shouldn’t be bowled any further and if he is bowled,they will report.”

I was often naive and stupid but not a villain: PietersenEngland cricketer Kevin Pietersen in his recent book revealed how Matt Prior along with the bowlers ran the dressing room by intimidation and bullying. (Source: AP)
London | Posted: October 7, 2014 4:25 pm
His anger at the English cricket administration and the then coach Andy Flower notwithstanding, Kevin Pietersen says he hasn’t been too wise himself even though he is far from being the “villain” that he was made out to be before being sacked.
In his no holds barred autobiography, which is due to be out on Thursday, Pietersen recalled his sacking from the team but also hoped for a comeback.
“I didn’t always tread wisely. I was often naive and sometimes stupid. I was no villain, though,” he writes.
“Cricket is politics. Bad politics. Things change overnight. I believe that the governing body of English cricket could change; I believe it should change. I am happy for now, but I would be happy to come back. Anything can happen in cricket.”
The maverick batsman dwelled on his fractious relationship with coach Andy Flower and how his career came to an end abruptly last year.
“Contagiously sour. Infectiously dour. He could walk into a room and suck all the joy out of it in five seconds. Just a Mood Hoover. That’s how I came to think of him,” he said referring to the former coach.
“A clique choked our team… and Andy Flower let that clique grow like a bad weed. The dressing room slowly became the territory of the biggest mouths among the bowlers – and a wicketkeeper. They ran an exclusive club. If you’re outside that clique, you were fair game for mocking, ridicule, bullying,” he added.
Pietersen was slightly mild in his opinion of skipper Alastair Cook.
“I know, though, that while Cooky is a nice man, he is also a company man. A safe pair of hands; he won’t rock the boat,” he said.
Pietersen said the ECB needed a scapegoat who was, “big, boisterous and annoying…somebody who left colourful footprints on the pristine white carpets.”
Cricket is politics. Bad politics. Things change overnight. I believe that the governing body of English cricket could change

Kevin Pietersen book is complete fiction: SwannThe former England off spinner has hit back at Pietersen saying his book is a work of fiction. (Source: AP)
Reuters | London | Posted: October 7, 2014 12:01 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 12:03 pm
Former England team mate Graeme Swann began the backlash against Kevin Pietersen’s new book on Monday by labelling it “the biggest work of fiction since Jules Verne”.
Speaking at an awards ceremony at Lord’s, Swann denied accusations that he was part of a clique of bowlers guilty of what Pietersen called “mocking, ridicule, bullying”.
The South African-born batsman also included wicketkeeper Matt Prior in his criticisms of England Test players.
“I expected it to be the biggest work of fiction since Jules Verne and that seems to have happened. The one thing I will say is that I immediately realised it was codswallop when I read the character assassination of Matt Prior,” Swann was quoted as saying in the Telegraph.
“Tragically I don’t think Kev realises the one person who fought tooth and nail to keep him in the side is the one person he is now assassinating: Matt Prior.”
Pietersen wrote in the book, “KP: The Autobiography”, that  Prior was a “schoolyard bully who was also the teacher’s pet”, and accuses him of “back-stabbing”.
But Swann, the off-spinner who retired in December 2013, added: “Kevin has been quite clever because the guys still playing he has left alone and he hopes to get back in again one day.
“He has picked on people who he thinks can’t answer back. If that (bullying) was the case a lot of people would have flagged it up before.”
The England and Wales Cricket Board, whose managing director Paul Downton is also heavily criticised in the book, declined to comment.
I expected it to be the biggest work of fiction since Jules Verne and that seems to have happened

Murray progresses  world no. 533 lands knockout blowAndy Murray of Britain returns a shot during his men's singles tennis match against Teymuraz Gabashvili of Russia (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Shanghai | Posted: October 7, 2014 7:19 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 7:20 pm
Andy Murray overcame a late hiccup to reach the Shanghai Masters second round and world number 553 Wang Chuhan caused a major shock when he knocked out 15th seed Fabio Fognini in straight sets on his ATP World Tour debut on Tuesday.
Murray, ninth in the race to London as he seeks to break into the elite top eight who will play in the season-ending ATP Finals in November, overcame Russian Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-1 7-5.
The Briton broke his opponent three times to run away with the first set but was broken twice in the second and had to dig deep to avoid a decider and set a second-round clash with Jerzy Janowicz.
“I started the match well, he wasn’t in much of a rhythm at the beginning,” Murray, who was 3-5 down in the second set before reeling off the last four games, told Sky Sports.
“I was dictating a lot of the points. I was using good variety. At the beginning of the second set, I played a sloppy game on my serve. He gained some confidence from that and started playing better.
“I just had to find a way to get through in the end. I used smart tactics at the end of the set. I started using the variety again. It was a good start for me, but some work to be done,” said Murray who ended a 15-month title drought at the Shenzen Open last month.
Chinese wildcard Wang, who mainly plays in Challenger or Futures tournaments, recorded a 7-6(5) 6-4 first-round win over Italian Fognini on the Grandstand court to huge cheers from the shocked home crowd.
The 22-year-old showed few nerves as he continued to pound aggressively for the lines against a flat Fognini, who offered little in the closing stages of the match and seemed happy to get off court as quickly as possible.
“I wanted to win this match, but I never actually thought I could do it,” said Wang who secured victory over the world number 17 with a stunning backhand winner down the line before turning to his coaching team with a shocked expression and clenched fists.
“I practised with him in Beijing, so I knew a bit about him. And my coach used to be in the ATP circle, so he also told me something about Fabio’s weaknesses.”
Mikhail Youzhny also caused an upset, beating 12th seed Ernests Gulbis 6-4 6-1.
The Russian, who converted three of his four break points and dropped just 10 points on serve, next meets Ivan Dodig, who beat Pablo Cuevas 7-5 6-2.
Canadian Vasek Pospisil edged out Santiago Giraldo 6-2 6-7(5) 6-1 and takes on 14th seed Roberto Bautista in the second round.
Feliciano Lopez fired 19 aces to overcome qualifier Thanasi Kokkinakis 6-7(12) 6-3 6-4 continued…

Shah Rukh Khan s  littlest  son AbRam trends on TwitterPrint
People, who commented on these articles, have been going gaga over the 'littlest' SRK kid.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 7, 2014 4:35 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 7:05 pm
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan’s youngest son – AbRam – has achieved a feat which no ordinary person has yet been able to. He has become the youngest person to trend on the social networking site Twitter.
AbRam became an online sensation as soon as his father SRK tweeted a picture of himself kissing his one-year-old son and wished all his fans and followers ‘Eid Mubarak’.
Eid Al Adha Mubarak to everyone. May all have the happiness that life has to offer.The littlest one wishes you too. pic.twitter.com/GzaumkwSE3
— Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) October 6, 2014
News portals posted stories and galleries about it. At the time of filing this article, our website had got pageviews in thousands from the gallery and story.
People, who commented on these articles, have been going gaga over the ‘littlest’ SRK kid. ‘He looks just like his father’, ‘how cute is he!’, ‘next superstar’ are some of the thoughts that have poured in.
Here’s how SRK used to look when he was a kid.
@ScreenIndia @iamsrk he is adorable…god bless
— shilpa choudhury (@shilpatuli1991) October 7, 2014
@ScreenIndia @iamsrk look a like when you was baby

Why Indians are embracing Chinese smartphonesYou are here: Home > Collections
Understanding India's love for 'China maal' like Xiaomi, Gionee & OPPO
Mukta Lad, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 08.16AM IST
Tags:
China
(To Indians, a China-made…)
Years ago, Monty Python wrote a song that went on to become one of their greatest hits. Irreverent, tongue-in-cheek and heavy on political incorrectness, it was called I Like Chinese.
If you choose not to let the racist bits affect you (They only come up to your knees?!), the rest of the song glorifies China's contribution to the world — "There's Maoism, Taoism, I Ching and chess..." they listed. But then, if Monty Python had written this song today, they would've definitely added more to that list, like China-made smartphones, for instance.
If you told Indian buyers five years ago that highend 'Made in China' phones would vie for a significant share in the Indian smartphone market, they would thank you for the good laugh. For long, phones from across the border meant just one thing — cheap rip-offs of Apple and Samsung, with low build quality and poor design. Not too many people aspiring to own the real iPhone would be seen with 'China maal'!
Then, homegrown companies like Micromax and Karbonn saw an opportunity, importing phones from China and marketing them under their brand in India, a strategy that worked wonders for them.
Cut to 2014, to a time when China's No 1 smartphone brand, Xiaomi, holds weekly sales for the Redmi 1s (while flash sales for the Mi3 are said to be back this festive season). Try not to blink, though; it takes anything between 2.4 seconds to 5 seconds for Xiaomi's phones to get sold out. Meanwhile, another Chinese brand, Gionee, has released a high-decibel campaign claiming a user upgrades to a Gionee every seven seconds.
Not too far behind comes China-born OPPO Mobile, with 10 models ranging from the affordable to high-end. It even has Hrithik Roshan and Sonam Kapoor as brand ambassadors. As of August, these phones are estimated to have a market share of 5 per cent in the Indian smartphone segment.
Not much compared to Samsung's 29 per cent, but then again, six years ago, homegrown brand Micromax was just at 1 per cent, and is now perched at No 2 with a market share of 18 per cent in smartphones. With these numbers, it would seem naive to write off China's entry.
So what is it about these phones that is helping Indians overcome their prejudices? Suman Srivastava, founder and innovation artist, Marketing Unplugged explains "Futurebrand, in its 2014 report, found that China ranks No 9 in the global list of the Best Country of Origin. Brands like Lenovo, Alibaba and maybe Xiaomi, are helping China improve," he says.
"Till about five years ago, Chinese companies sold cheap, poor quality phones in India. Despite being the manufacturing capital of the world, the bias against China-made phones obviously grew after one saw these products," says Manu Kumar Jain, India head, Xiaomi. Arvind R Vohra, Gionee's India head, adds, "It wasn't long before Chinese brands realised they could enter the Indian market themselves, considering they had the manufacturing capability," he says.
But whether it's Xiaomi, Gionee or OPPO, they all agree about three things — the power of a great product, innovation and competitive pricing. Forces strong enough to overcome any anti-Chinese sentiment. "The products themselves are the key to success," says Tom Lu, CEO, OPPO Mobiles India. "Any user looking for a great device and an incredible experience will choose a product based on its features, specifications, looks and ROI."
Jain attributes Xiaomi's success to the build quality, the chipset, the camera and the works. A phone is worth nothing if it doesn't come with great hardware and software, he says. Affordability is and always has been the Indian buyers' weakness. Here is where these brands believe they score over established names. "We are an aspirational brand, because of the way we price ourselves," Vohra elaborates.
"Our phones cost 10 per cent more than Indian-make phones in the same segment, but 40 per cent lesser than Samsung." Jain believes that the Xiaomi Mi3, for instance, packs a punch at Rs 13,999. "We are selling a phone easily worth over Rs 40000 at such a low price. Buyers tend to forget their biases when they get value for money."
But how has the journey been for the Chinese-origin Lenovo, who forayed into smartphones recently? A brand known for PCs, laptops and tablets, it certainly didn't have to introduce itself. But then, it couldn't have been easy to get consumers to associate the name with smartphones, either.
"We are a company with Chinese origins, but consider ourselves a global brand," explains Lenovo's Shailendra Katyal, director - home and small business (India & South Asia). "We have the advantage of a portfolio over price. It also helps that we aren't an unknown, entry-level brand in the smartphone ecosystem."

Pre-orders for Apple iPhone 6 shine on day oneApple iPhone 6
(EPA PHOTO: Croma was taking…)
NEW DELHI: Apple began taking pre-orders for its much-awaited iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India on Tuesday, with confusion over pricing as well as the mode of bookings and a fierce war among large-format retailers looking to lure potential buyers.
The MobileStore was taking pre-orders for a minimum Rs 1,000 but for delivery between October 18 and 24, while those booking with the full amount were assured of delivery latest by October 18. Tata Group's Croma in central Delhi was taking pre-orders at 30% of the retail price and promising delivery on October 18, while Spice's Hot Spot was taking orders for just Rs 500, even as customer inquiries for pre-bookings poured in. These retailers are offering EMI schemes as well.
Executives at the stores declined to put a number to the pre-booking orders received on Day One. Two large-format retail stores in south Delhi refused to take pre-orders, citing lack of clarity on the stocks that they will get from Apple.
"I have advised customers to come back on October 15 evening or 16, by when I would have more clarity on what stocks I will get. If I take a specific order and the money for it today, and don't get it from Apple, I will face an awkward situation," the owner of one of the two stores said.
However, executives at Infibeam, the sole authorised online retail partner of Apple for iPhones in India, said that more than 1,300 pre-orders had been placed till 6 pm—mostly for the smaller iPhone 6--indicating a far greater interest than the company anticipated.
"The iPhone 6 128 GB is the most popular pre-booked model," said an executive at Infibeam. The website is offering equal monthly installment (EMI) options beginning from Rs 2,594 for a two-year period in tie-ups with ICICI Bank , HDFC Bank , Axis Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank .
Infibeam said it plans to all deliver all pre-booked devices in metro cities and towns on October 17 itself, the day sales start.
Mala Sharma, a marketing specialist, pre-booked the iPhone 6 Plus 128 GB model on the first day by paying Rs 80,500, the official price of the device, through Imagine Store, Apple's premium reseller at Saket in South Delhi.
"I had the option of paying just Rs 1,000 to pre-book the device, but then they were not ensuring the delivery of the device on October 17 itself," Sharma said. "I paid the entire amount so that I get the device at the earliest."
Cupertino-based Apple will sell the smartphones in three storage variants through its official distribution partners Redington, Ingram Micro and Rashi Peripherals. The 4.7-inch 16 GB iPhone 6 will cost Rs 53,500, the 64 GB variant at Rs 62,500 and the 128 GB model at Rs 71,500, according to Redington's website. The 5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus 16 GB variant will be priced at Rs 62,500, 64 GB model at Rs 71,500 and the 128 GB one at Rs 80,500.
The day began with confusion as some large-format retailers complained that they hadn't received the exact pricing from the distributors till around mid-day. Some said they hadn't received the coupons from Apple that were to be given to those who pre-booked a device.
According to two large-format retailers that ET spoke to, Apple has begun a system of issuing coupons to retailers who will give one to each customer who pre-books an iPhone in the days before the deliveries begin on October 17. The coupon replaces the physical purchase receipt that the retailer used to give to customers during pre-bookings in previous launches.
"I came to this store, but no one knows how to go about pre-booking. They don't even have the final prices," said Ashish Mehta, a 26-year-old employee at an IT firm who had come to a central Delhi retail store. He finally managed to book an iPhone 6 at around 4 pm.
The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models are also on sale on e-commerce portals Amazon and Flipkart at no discounts but offering a year-long manufacturer warranty. Flipkart can sell iPads and iPods, officially, on its marketplace.
The marketplaces are also offering equal monthly installment schemes, the lowest being offered by Citibank at Rs 2,595 for a two-year period at 15% interest for the 16 GB iPhone 6 that costs Rs 53,500. Flipkart has tied up with nine leading banks for EMI options while Amazon has tied up with Citibank, Amex, ICICI and HDFC Bank.
The sites did not share the number of pre-orders placed on the first day.
Amit Pahl, a Delhi businessman, has pre-booked an iPhone 6 on Flipkart. "I am super excited to get the latest iPhone. I already have an iPhone 4S, but need a bigger iPhone."
However, industry insiders caution that consumers buying from these sites should bear in mind that some third-party resellers listed on the e-commerce portals may not be genuine or may not have acquired the devices legitimately. "If the phones are not legitimately imported into India, Apple will not honour the warranty promised by the reseller," a person aware of details told ET.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Zomato aims to enter billion-dollar club by ...endorsements
(Hong Kong-based hedge fund Tybourne Capital…)
NEW DELHI & MUMBAI: Online restaurant discovery guide Zomato has entered into talks with a number of global private equity and strategic investors to raise about $200 million (around 1,200 crore) by December, a development that could see the Gurgaon-based company become the latest to enter the elite club of start-ups with billion-dollar-plus valuations.
Multiple sources familiar with the matter have told ET that private equity firms Steadview Capital and Tiger Global, along with Hong Kong-based hedge fund Tybourne Capital Management have been in discussions with eight-year-old Zomato as are a number of strategic investors.
Sequoia may also participate
Hong Kong-based hedge fund Tybourne Capital Management is also in discussions with the eight-year-old company as are a number of strategic investors. Existing investor Sequoia Capital, which had raised $530 million through its fourth India-focused fund, is also likely to participate in the latest funding round, they said, adding that the exercise could see Info Edge, an early backer of Zomato that still owns a 50% stake, further pare its stake in the company.
Zomato declined to comment on any funding related talks. Info Edge founder and the largest investor in Zomato, Sanjiv Bikhchandani, did not respond to ET's mails or SMS messages seeking comments on the story. Tybourne Capital also did not revert to ET's emails for the story. A Tiger Global spokesperson declined to comment on the development. Tybourne, Steadview and Tiger Global are already investors in Indian start-ups. Sequoia Capital, which led the $37-million round of funding in November last year, did not reply to an email from ET seeking comment.
If successful, the fundraising will be the largest investment made by investors in an Indian non-retail, consumer internet venture, surpassing the $90 million raised by Mumbai-based online and mobile classifieds Quikr in March earlier this year. Zomato, which is estimated to end the year with revenues of Rs 100 crore, is aiming for a valuation of more than a billion dollars (Rs 6,000 crore) in this funding round, although sources in the investor community pegged the number at about $500 million.
The last round of fund raising in November 2013 valued the company at $165 million. Online retailer Flipkart saw its valuation vault from $2.6 billion to $7 billion in a matter of two months between May and July this year, underscoring the red-hot nature of India's consumer internet space.
If Zomato is successful at achieving $1 billion, it will join an elite group of digital world start-ups to reach this crucial valuation milestone. Currently, just seven Indian startups -- Flipkart, JustDial, Snapdeal, MakeMyTrip, Info Edge, Mu Sigma and InMobi -- are valued more than $1 billion.
A successful funding round will also make its two founders - Deepinder Goyal and Pankaj Chaddah, one-time colleagues at Bain Consulting - the latest poster boys of India's start-up boom and help them muscle their way into a hall of fame of young start-up millionaires that includes the Bansals of Flipkart, Kunal Bahl of Snapdeal, JustDial's VSS Mani and Dhiraj Rajaram of Mu Sigma.
Goyal, 31, and Chaddah, 28, currently own a little over 30% of Zomato, which began life inside a cubicle in Bain where the duo would pin restaurant menus on their soft boards. Zomato was judged last week as the Start-Up of the Year by a high-powered jury deciding this year's Economic Times Awards for Corporate Excellence.
Zomato is expected to use the proceeds to fund its entry into the lucrative US market, and take on the likes of NYSElisted Yelp and Open Table, the leaders in a market estimated at $684 billion. While Goyal declined to comment about the funding talks, he confirmed to ET that Zomato planned to enter North America, via Canada, within the next 3 to 6 months.
"Our strategy next year is to enter the United States, the largest casual dining market in the world. We can't afford to go wrong in US and will have to make our systems robust with a large number of local staff to get restaurants on board," said the IIT-Delhi alumnus. His partner Chaddah is also from IIT-Delhi. Both, while at Bain, used to collect food menus of restaurants that they would pin to their soft boards and hit upon the business idea when they saw colleagues leafing through the menus they had collected.
(Additional reporting by Madhav Chanchani in Mumbai)
FEATURED ARTICLES

No bail for Jayalalithaa  othersNo bail for Jayalalithaa, others
Our Bureau
J Jayalalithaa
Bangalore, October 7:  
The Karnataka High Court has refused to suspend sentence of the former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa.
Few overenthisaistic lawyers supporting Jayalalithaa jumped to conclusion over the granting of bail, when high court was hearing all the arguments and clarifications presented by lawyers representing Jayalalithaa, Sasikala, Ilavarasi and Sudhakaran.
The earlier reports said the Karnataka High Court had granted condtional bail to the former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa.
The court, which met after lunch session, heard some clarifications from Jayalalithaa’s lawyers.
After all the arguments, clarifications of all convicts concluded in the disproportionate assets case. The judge asked special public prosecutor G Bhavani Singh for his comments to which he said he had no objection to grant conditional bail to convicts.
Jubilant AIADMK workers burst crackers outside Jayalalithaa's Poes Garden residence in Chennai. After 11 days, the AIADMK party chief will now be released from the prison.
The former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister who is 66 years-old, is a diabetic and is suffering from blood pressure and heart-related ailments, her lawyers told High Court.
Senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani who finished his arguments has argued that Jayalalithaa is entitled for bail during pendency of appeal against conviction as per verdicts of Supreme Court on the subject of grant of bail after conviction.
Special Public Prosecutor G. Bhavani Singh has argued that Jayalalithaa being an influential person in Tamil Nadu, if granted bail, she may try to escape from conviction or abscond from the country.
Countering this argument, Jethmalani said, former Chief Minister is a law abiding citizen and will not abscond from the country.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

Fresh firing by Pakistan across border  six injuredComments
Two women of a family were killed and 15 others injured in heavy mortar shelling and firing by Pakistani troops on Wednesday along the international border in Jammu.
Villagers show mortar shell marks on a wall after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers at a residential area. (PTI Photo)
Pakistani Rangers targeted 50 border out posts (BoPs) and 35 hamlets overnight along the 192-km boundary. The escalation has triggered an exodus, with 16,000 people moving to safer areas from border villages.
 
Eight people have been killed so far and over 70 people injured in continuing ceasefire violations by Pakistan over a week.
  
Pakistani troops targeted Chillary village along the IB in Samba district around 7.30am .
In the mortar shelling, Shakuntla Devi and her daughter-in-law Poli Devi were killed while their husbands along with two children of Poli were injured, Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP), Samba, Anil Mangotra said.
   
All the inhabitants of the village with a population 1,700 have fled from border hamlet to safety.
 
Along the Line of Control (LoC), the firing stopped Tuesday night in Mendhar & Poonch sectors after Indian forces gave a befitting reply, defence officials said. 
 
An injured Indian boy is carried on a stretcher for treatment to the government medical college hospital, in Jammu. (AP photo)
Among the 15 injured today, three were BSF jawans. All of them have been shifted to Government Medical College (GMC) hospital, the SSP said.
  
Jorda Farm border hamlet was hit by shelling at 9am police officials said. Six persons were injured when they were returning after night stay in shelter camp in R S Pura. They were shifted to GMC hospital for treatment, they said.
 
Earlier, a BSF spokesperson said "Pakistani Rangers again resorted to unprovoked mortar shelling and heavy firing on BSF posts all along IB since 8pm last night."
As many as 50 BSF BoPs were affected by the fire from Pakistan side, he said, adding areas along IB in Arnia, R S Pura, Kanachak and Pargwal sub-sectors in Jammu and Samba districts were targeted.
  
Eight people have been killed and 71 others including BSF jawans injured in Pakistani shelling and firing along LoC and IB in Jammu and Poonch districts in over two dozen ceasefire violations since October 1 this year.
 

CISF man allegedly shoots 3 dead in TN s Kalpakkam power plantCISF man kills 3 colleagues near Kalpakkam plant
KV Lakshmana , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 07:57 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:56 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
A Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) head constable allegedly shot dead three of his colleagues working with the Kalpakkam atomic power plant in Tamil Nadu on Wednesday.
Head constable Vijay Prathap Singh allegedly opened fire from a 9mm carbine, killing assistant sub-inspector Ganesan and head constables Subburaj and Mohansingh at the CISF barracks in Kalpakkam township, which is some 10 km south from the nuclear complex, said government officials.
"Three CISF personnel have been killed. The incident happened around 5.30am. We are enquiring into how the incident happened," C Vijaya Kumar, Kancheepuram Superintendent of Police, told PTI.
Assistant sub-inspector Prathap Singh and head constable Govardhan Singh are being being treated at a hospital for injuries, police said. Prathap Singh, the official blamed for the firing, is under arrest.
Asked whether operations at the nuclear complex was affected due to the incident, Madras Atomic Power Station Director T J Koteeswaran told PTI, "The incident happened some 10 km away in the township and so operations were not affected. I am awaiting more information on the incident." Early media reports had said the firing took place in the power plant.
CISF, which has about 1.45-lakh personnel in its ranks, is tasked with the security of the 59 civilian airports in the country and also has the responsibility to secure installations in the nuclear and aerospace domain.
 

US to toughen Ebola screening at airportsUS to toughen Ebola screening at airports
Reuters
Reuters The new measures will likely include more thorough pre-screening and more detailed questioning of passengers leaving Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia.
Washington, Oct 8:  
US health officials said on Tuesday they would unveil within days new screening procedures for the deadly Ebola virus at the country's airports to address public concern over the possibility of an outbreak.
"We're working very intensively on the screening process both in the places of origin and upon arrival," Dr Thomas Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, told reporters. "We will absolutely look at every step that could tighten that process."
The move would go beyond CDC efforts to augment screening for travellers leaving Ebola-stricken countries such as Liberia, which it has viewed as the best way to address the potential spread of the virus. But the diagnosis of the first Ebola patient on US. soil last week has strengthened calls from lawmakers and some health experts to introduce stronger measures in this country.
Screening passengers upon arrival in the United States could detect passengers who may have developed a fever in flight but will also pose new challenges to border control officers and flight crews, industry experts said.
In August, CDC teams trained airport workers in West Africa to use handheld scanners that check travelers for fever, a possible sign of Ebola, and helped develop an exit questionnaire to determine potential exposure. Since then, some 36,000 people have boarded flights. Screening measures led 77 travelers to be prevented from boarding: 74 had a fever and three had other symptoms. Most turned out to have malaria and none had Ebola.
Frieden did not give details of what the CDC was considering. The new measures will likely include more thorough pre-screening and more detailed questioning of passengers leaving Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia, congressional aides said.
They may also involve checking such air travellers for fever, said US Senator Charles Schumer.
The US Coast Guard also announced it would screen individuals coming into the United States via ship from Ebola hot spots.
The Ebola outbreak, the worst on record, has killed at least 3,439 people out of 7,492 confirmed, probable and suspected cases since it emerged in March.
New pressures for airlines
US airlines have only said they are working with government health officials to ensure the safety of travellers. Industry experts said screening could pose a new burden to airline workers and airport officers, already under pressure to keep passengers moving.
"I can imagine (the airlines) asking a lot of questions as to why this is preferable than testing at the origin," said Robert Mann, an airline industry consultant.
The Association of Flight Attendants, a union representing nearly 60,000 flight attendants at 19 airlines, on Tuesday urged more extensive health screenings of passengers as they leave West Africa.
The American Civil Liberties Union is keeping an eye on the Obama administration's response but so far has not seen anything at airports that raises new issues about privacy, said Jay Stanley, an ACLU senior policy analyst.
But he warned against heavy-handed law enforcement tactics such as quarantines that restrict liberty and are less effective.
"The public health profession has learned a lot of lessons, and it's even more important at a time of fear that we pay close attention to what will be effective," Stanley said.
A 2008 ACLU report on responding to pandemics recommended that invasive medical examinations at the border take place only "when there is reasonable suspicion of pandemic disease, and only with the individual's informed consent." The report noted the government has wide authority to detain people at the border during a pandemic.
US Senator Chris Coons, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee's Africa subcommittee, said more extreme proposals, such as stopping travellers or banning flights could lead to the targeting of any traveller who looked African or barring aid workers trying to come home.
"It's dangerous that we've got some folks in the heights of an election season stoking fears of Ebola and proposing expensive, unwieldy and unreasonable solutions such as trying to test and quarantine folks at airports," Coons said, referring to congressional elections on Nov. 4.
"There is no rapid test for Ebola. You can't test someone within an hour," he said in a telephone interview.
Schumer, a member of the Senate's Democratic leadership, has also urged the Department of Homeland Security to create a database of people flying to and from West Africa, which would be shared with hospitals around the country.
"The CDC has been doing a very good job thus far in combating the threat, but you can't be too careful when it comes to stopping a deadly epidemic," Schumer said in a statement.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

India talks tough  warns Pakistan of  effective  replyAmid repeated ceasefire violations, India talks tough, warns Pakistan of 'effective' reply
Pranav Kulkarni , VijaitaSingh | New Delhi | Published:  Oct 08 2014, 08:53  IST
Oct 08 2014, 08:53  IST
 

Significant allocation shift to equities at current valuation isn t advisable: Vetri SubramaniamSignificant shift to equities at these valuations not advisable: Vetri Subramaniam
Chandan Kishore Kant | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 10:48 PM IST
With stock indices off their recent peaks, value investing opportunities are few. Vetri Subramaniam, chief investment officer, Religare Invesco Mutual Fund, believes the current valuations are at a premium to the long-term average. He tells Chandan Kishore Kant this might not be the right time to make significant allocations to equity. Edited excerpts:
The markets are slightly off their peaks. Is it a good time to start a nibble?
The Nifty is down only four per cent from its all-time high. This is hardly a correction. There has not been a single pullback of 10 per cent since this rally started in September 2013. It is impossible to predict when and where a correction will come but just because we don’t know when and how does not mean that it will not or cannot happen.
What do you advise investors who missed the rally?
We do not look at it in that manner. Right now, valuations are at a premium to the long-term averages — they are not expensive but neither are they cheap. To make a big asset allocation change, we think investors should be guided by valuations. For investors contemplating a significant allocation to equity, the advice would be that this is best done when valuations are trading below the long-term averages. That is not the case right now. So, stay with systematic investing. The best time to shift allocation away from equities is when valuations are extremely expensive. The crucial point is that allocation shifts should be guided by valuations, not by outlook and sentiment.
There are concerns over valuation in the mid-cap space. After a strong rally in the mid-cap counters, is there enough room left for further upside?
Mid-caps normally trade at a discount to large caps. Right now, they are trading at a premium. Therefore, the valuation support for mid-caps is not very compelling. Having said that, we believe in equities, mid-caps in particular, the key generating an alpha over the long term is stock selection and patience. For mid-cap companies, this is more important than economic and market valuation cycles.
With regard to the economic cycle, we think profit growth could be higher in mid-caps as economic growth picks up. Over the longer term, mid-caps have delivered higher returns than large-caps, with higher volatility.
Is this a stock-specific market or are there sectoral plays available?
In the shorter term, the market exhibits different cycles but over the longer term, stock selection plays the larger role in generating alpha. Given where the valuations are, the emphasis in the short term should be on growth. Over the longer term, the best opportunities would be in economy-sensitive sectors such as industrials, financial and consumer discretionary. But the returns are a function of starting valuations and hence we cannot ignore the risk posed by valuations.  
Amid concerns raised by the Reserve Bank in the latest credit policy, mainly about inflation, how do you see the growth story and its impact on stocks?
RBI is on the right track with its focus on inflation. The weakness in the global economy and falling commodity prices will, hopefully, aid the inflation to RBI's targeted glide path. For the economy and the markets, it is preferable that RBI succeeds in its battle against inflation before the government succeeds in restoring growth. We do not see any immediate rate cuts but in the long term, a low and stable inflation rate is key to establishing India's competitiveness.
Do public sector units, banks in particular, offer value at this juncture?
We like banks with a strong liability franchise and a clean lending book. And, certainly not a loan book that is opaque. These banks would be best placed to grow and compete effectively in the market when growth revives. Healthy capital adequacy to support growth is a necessity. Very few PSU banks score well across this range of factors.
How much preference do you give to defensives? What call do you have on pharmaceuticals?
Indian pharma companies might not fit the 'defensive' tag any more. They're growth companies, driven by generic drug exports to developed and developing markets. We have always viewed this sector bottom-up because the difference between companies and strategies is acute. We like several companies on a bottom-up basis in the sector.

Oil extends losses as IMF cuts global growth forecastsOil extends losses as IMF cuts global growth forecasts
AFP/PTI | Singapore Oct 08, 2014 09:10 AM IST
Oil prices fell further in Asian trade today on demand concerns after the International Monetary Fund (IMF) cut its the global economic growth forecasts, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for November delivery was down 35 cents at a 17-month low of $88.50 a barrel in late-morning trade and Brent crude eased 36 cents to $91.75 - lows not seen since mid-2012. Both contracts tumbled yesterday.
Singapore's United Overseas Bank said in a note that prices were being 'pressured by reduced economic and demand growth forecasts'.
The IMF yesterday said the global economy would grow 3.3% this year, down 0.1% point from July's estimate and 0.4 points off its April forecast.
The Washington-based lender also trimmed its 2015 outlook to 3.8% growth from July's 4.0% as it warned of stagnation in advanced economies.
"Growth this year has indeed disappointed, especially in the US, EU and Japan," Singapore's DBS Bank said.
In the US, the world's biggest oil consuming nation, 'nothing is falling off the cliff', but while recovery continues 'growth there is not accelerating like so many seem to believe'.
It said 'Europe and Japan are in more trouble' and that in Europe 'the trouble is no longer in the periphery, it's in the core three countries of Germany, France and Italy'.
The IMF left its forecast for China's growth this year unchanged at 7.4% but warned that the world's second- largest economy and top energy consumer faces a range of 'near-term growth risks', especially in real estate.

Skype to bar calls on mobile  landline within IndiaOct 08, 2014, 09.45 AM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Skype to bar calls on mobile, landline within India
Using a feature of Skype, a user can make video or voice calls using internet service for which he will be only charged for internet consumed for the service.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Skype to bar calls on mobile, landline within India
Using a feature of Skype, a user can make video or voice calls using internet service for which he will be only charged for internet consumed for the service.
Post your opinion here
 
Over the top telecom player Skype today said it will stop calling facility from its application on mobile and landline within India from November 10.
"As of November 10, 2014 Skype will end support for calling within India, meaning calls to mobiles and landlines from Skype within India will no longer be available," Skype's parent company Microsoft said in a statement.
Using a feature of Skype, a user can make video or voice calls using internet service for which he will be only charged for internet consumed for the service.
The statement did not clarify reasons for the move. The announcement comes within a week of Microsoft's mobile phone arm launching a new smartphone, Lumia 730, in India which positions itself as phone fit for Skype calls and videos.
Microsoft said: "users in India can still make free Skype-to-Skype calls worldwide, international calls to mobiles and landlines and users outside the country can call mobiles and landlines in India."
It added that Skype WiFi and SMS messages are also available to users in India.
People prefer to use Skype for making free calls using Internet service. The application has witnessed increasd adoption with boom in smartphone in India.
Telecom operators in India have made hue and cry over applications like Skype cutting their revenue share.
RELATED NEWS

Pakistan again raises Kashmir in UNThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Karnataka high court denies bail to JayalalithaaKarnataka high court denies bail to Jayalalithaa
KV Lakshmana , Hindustan Times  Chennai, October 07, 2014
First Published: 21:08 IST(7/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:12 IST(8/10/2014)
Read: Jayalalithaa to stay in jail, Karnataka HC rejects bail plea
 
Celebrations kicked off near the former chief minister’s Poes Garden bungalow and spread to other parts of the city when at around 3.40 pm television channels reported Public Prosecutor Bhavani Singh saying he was not opposed to conditional bail.
Supporters of Jayalalithaa celebrate after rumours that her bail plea was accepted at the high court in Bangalore. (AFP Photo)
 
“Amma is innocent and will also be out jail,” shouted an overjoyed Shanmugavalli, a Jayalalithaa supporter, struggling to be heard over the din of firecrackers bursting around her.
 Many broke into song and dance as supporters, high on optimistic reports from social media and TV channels, celebrated the AIADMK chief’s expected homecoming.
“I heard the state government will be sending a plane to fetch her,” said party representative Selvaraj, flashing the victory sign.
 
But in 20 minutes the festivities came to a grinding halt. Jayalalithaa’s bail rejected: these three words stunned the revellers into shock, despair and confused anger.
Supporters of Jayalalithaa seen grieving after the bail plea was rejected by Karnataka high court, in Bangalore. (Kashif Masood/HT Photo)
 
“It is not true, is it?” was the question on everyone’s lips as they tapped into their phones for updates.
 
Reports of a bus being set afire and attacks on an Udipi restaurant – serving cuisine from Karnataka – in the city’s MGR Nagar came in as angry Jayalalithaa supporters directed their ire at soft targets. In Trichy, there were reports of some Karnataka buses being pelted with stones.
 
Chief minister O Panneerselvam stepped in, concerned about the escalating violence, and instructed police to maintain law and order while asking the party cadre to remain calm. “Do not do anything that will bring the government into disrepute,” was his message.

Sensex down 14 pointsSensex ends down 25 points in choppy trade; Infosys plunges 4.7%
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

L&T gains as arm gets CCI nod to acquire engineering biz of DellL&T gains as arm gets CCI nod to acquire engineering biz of Dell
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 09:40 AM IST
Shares of Larsen & Toubro were up nearly 2% at Rs 1,441 after the company said its wholly-owned subsidiary L&T Technology Services received approval from the Competition Commission of India to acquire the engineering business of US-based Dell Product and Process Innovation Services.
The proposed transaction will significantly dirve forward L&T Technology Services'position as a premier Engineering Services provider by adding local delivery centres in North America. Dell Engineering Services also has delivery centres in Hyderabad and Bangalore in India, L&T said in a release.
This proposed acquisition enables L&T Technology Service to consolidate its position as preferred vendor in the US $4 billion Tranportation ER&D market, the release said.
The stock opened at Rs 1,405 and touched a high of Rs 1,450 so far. Over 620,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.

New PPI index likely to replace WPI byFY16PPI provides a broader coverage in terms of products and industries and it also includes services.
New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:09 am
The government is expediting the work to replace Wholesale Price Index (WPI), used for capturing price movements to decide on policy measures, with a more effective and comprehensive Producers Price Index (PPI) by the next fiscal.
A senior official told The Indian Express that the trial runs for the new index are likely to begin soon and the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) is considering the release of the PPI from the next fiscal parallely with the WPI data.
The PPI provides a broader coverage in terms of products and industries and it also includes services, something which is not a part of the WPI.
“The data is likely to be released on a quarterly basis to start with. Base price, exclusive of taxes, trade and transport margins, would be used to compute the new index. The base year of 2011-12 will be used for comparisons,” the official said. Most countries release the data on a monthly basis, while Australia releases the PPI data quarterly.
Base price is the price received by the producer for goods and services that are sold. It does not include taxes collected by the producer from purchasers. Across the world, WPI has been replaced by PPI given its comprehensive nature. Countries like Japan, the UK, Germany, the US, Australia, Israel, Ireland, Canada, the Netherlands and Chile have adopted it for better policy targeting. “By introducing the PPI, the anomaly of not including services will get addressed. The most common services to be included are water supply, waste management, sewerage and remediation activities,” the official added. The DIPP has reached out to Japanese authorities for providing it information about the working of PPI.
Last month, the government had set up a 12-member working group under the chairmanship of BN Goldhar, professor of economics at the Institute of Economic Growth, for defining the PPI conceptually in Indian context, determining its methodology, data needed for its construction, and selecting a base year among other things.
So far, two panels — both under former Planning Commission members Abhijit Sen and later Saumitra Chaudhuri — have made a case for deliberating on the issue of constructing PPI and eventually migrating from WPI.
The WPI, which was first published in January 1942, has undergone several changes since. From September 14, 2010, the base year for WPI was shifted from 1993-94 to 2004-05.
The new series is representative of commodity basket of 676 items with major groups including primary articles, fuel and power and manufactured products. However it does not include the services sector, which contributes almost 60 per cent to the GDP. While WPI will be phased out, the Consumer Price Index (CPI) will continue to gauge the retail price movement.

I feel my mother all the time: AngelinaJoliePress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:06 am
Opening up about her mother Marcheline Bertrand who died in 2007 due to ovarian cancer, actress Angelina Jolie said she admirered her “softness and strength”.
Jolie, 39, who recently married her longtime partner Brad Pitt, says her mother continues to influence and inspire her even today.
“She was very soft but could move mountains for her kids. That’s something I always admire in women: that mix of softness and strength,” the actress told Marie Claire.
Jolie said her mother inspired her to get involved with humanitarian work from a young age. “She always tried to understand the complexity of the world. She had a great heart, which was sensitive to the world’s violence,” Jolie said.

Vaginal orgasm doesnt exist at all:StudyIf we believe researchers, like male orgasm, female orgasm is the correct term and has nothing to do with vagina. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:02 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 12:26 pm
Junk words like G-spot, vaginal or clitoral orgasms from your dictionary as such stimulation does not exist at all. If we believe researchers, like male orgasm, female orgasm is the correct term and has nothing to do with vagina.
“The key to female orgasm is the female penis – the clitoris, vestibular bulbs and pars intermedia, labia minora and corpus spongiosum of the female urethra.
“In all women, orgasm is always possible if the female erectile organs are effectively stimulated,” explained study co-author and sexologist Vincenzo Puppo from Centro Italiano di Sessuologia (CIS), Italy.
The majority of women worldwide do not have orgasms during intercourse.
“As a matter of fact, female sexual dysfunctions are popular because they are based on something that does not exist – the vaginal orgasm,” he noted.
Male ejaculation does not automatically mean the end of sex for women.
“Touching and kissing can be continued almost indefinitely and non-coital sexual acts after male ejaculation can be used to produce orgasm in women,” Puppo concluded.
The review paper appeared in the journal Clinical Anatomy.

West Indies Cricket Board offers apology  says players may abandon KochiODIThe future of the Kochi ODI hangs in balance with the WICB issuing an apology in advance. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Posted: October 8, 2014 10:59 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:04 pm
The West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) on Wednesday said that some of its players are considering to abandon the first One Day International (ODI) between India and West Indies.
Also Read: On eve of first ODI, West Indies players and cricket board spar over revenue
WICB issued a press release, saying, “The WICB apologises to the fans, the BCCI and all other stakeholders should the first ODI be disrupted as a result of player action. The WICB is making every effort to ensure that it fulfills all its commitments and that cricket is played.”
This comes amid a tussle betweem WICB and West Indies Player’s Association (WIPA) over revenue sharing.
While captain Dwayne Bravo skipped the pre-match press conference on Tuesday, the other team members decided to miss the training session in Kochi.
However, the BCCI has told WICB to sort out their differences as soon as possible.
But with the WICB now trying to look for a “reasoned approach,” there is ambiguity about the future of the Kochi ODI.
The WICB apologises to the fans, the BCCI and all other stakeholders should the first ODI be disrupted

I have earned candidature due to my work: NiteshRaneComments
Narayan Rane's son Nitesh Rane. (Source: Indian Express)
Congress candidate from Kankavli constituency Nitesh Rane said that he has earned his candidature for the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly elections through his work and not because he is son of former Chief Minister Narayan Rane.
The 32-year-old leader said that he has worked for the the people and hence earned the ticket. “I could have contested from Kankavli in 2009 (assembly polls) but I needed more time and worked through my organisation ‘Swabhiman’ for creating jobs for youth. My father gave ticket to Ravindra Phatak (in 2009),” he said.
Nitesh said he is a primary member of the Congress. He said that candidate’s connect with voters is very important and that is what he was trying to do. It is a wrong perception that Narayan Rane was depending more on his sons as his aides have deserted him, he said.
“Ravindra Phatak was given ticket in 2009 from Kankavli while Rajan Teli was made MLA. They were given their dues. However, to cover up their own insecurities, my father’s aides created tensions between my family and local leaders. “It is because of my father that Deepak Kesarkar became Sawantwadi Municipal Council President. It is good that all the former aides have either joined Sena or BJP,” he said.
He said the Kankavli assembly segment comprises Kankavli Deogad and Vaiabhavwadi talukas and he has prepared a vision document for all three areas to upgrade infrastructure, electricity, water, education facilities and employment generation. Nitesh said he is confident that the youth which had gone to the Sena and BJP in the Lok Sabha polls will support him.
Replying to a query on basic infrastructure always being a critical issue in Sindhudurg district, Nitesh said that development has taken place in the last few years and he would work to upgrade it further. Nitesh said Sindhudurg has been a backward area till his father first became an MLA.
“There has been consistent growth since then. I am giving a road map to voters for the next 25 years as my vision for the district on issues like health care that need further upgradation,” he said. The young leader claimed that Sindhudurg district’s per capita income comes close next to Sangli.
“It is not a backward district anymore,” he said. On Jaitapur nuclear power project, Nitesh said that the opposition to Jaitapur nuclear power project is no longer there as Prime minister Narendra Modi himself has given green waiver to the project. Attacking MNS chief Raj Thackeray, Nitesh questioned Thackeray’s criticism on Narendra Modi and said that Raj Thackeray had himself appealed to his partymen to support Modi in the Lok Sabha elections.
“Raj, at a rally in Solapur had said that Maharashtra ministers should drink the water with which Modi baths,” he said. Nitesh also alleged that Marathi-speaking people in Mumbai are not given flats in buildings constructed by Gujarati builders even though they offer continued…

English Vinglish globetrotting: After Japan  itsRomania'English Vinglish' saw stupendous success in Japan.
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 10:55 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 12:36 pm
‘English Vinglish’, a simple tale of an Indian housewife who resolves to learn English to find acceptance in society, has found resonance in different parts of the world. After releasing in places like Germany and Japan, the film will now open in Romania Oct 24.
Eros International will release the movie on approximately 15 screens in Romania.
When Gauri Shinde’s directorial debut, which marked the comeback of the evergreen Bollywood actress Sridevi, released in India in October 2012, it was lapped up by movie buffs and critics alike for being a heartwarming story told with a touch of simplicity and enhanced by convincing performances. It has continued to storm overseas territories every since.
Recently, ‘English Vinglish’ saw stupendous success in Japan, where the film garnered box office collections of a whopping $1.4 million-plus.
The film also performed exceptionally well in other new markets like South Korea, Hong Kong and Taiwan - and the team is, therefore, confident of its continued appreciation in new territories.

Decision taken! No plans to remove DDLJ from MarathaMaandirThe boy meets girl story narrated by Aditya Chopra into the magical DDLJ worked wonders at the box office despite a predictable plotline.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 10:50 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 1:29 pm
‘Dilwale Duhania Le Jayenge’ (DDLJ) has been running successfully at the Maratha Mandir for the past 19 years and a day after reports suggested that it could be taken off the theatre in December this year, its managing director Manoj Desai dismissed the reports.
The boy meets girl story narrated by Aditya Chopra into the magical DDLJ worked wonders at the box office despite a predictable plotline.
The movie has been playing in Maratha Mandir since its release on October 20, 1995. In 2007, it broke the record set by ‘Sholay’ by a full seven years.
And the movie buffs with a taste for romance are still coming in, notwithstanding its many re-runs on the TV channels, online viewing facilities as well as many DVDs floating around.
“We are not planning to remove DDLJ show,” said Desai.
A single screen theatre, Maratha Mandir runs other movies as well, but the matinee show has been booked for DDLJ.
“We have DDLJ show daily at 11.30 am and on weekdays there is 40 to 50 percent occupancy and on the weekend it runs houseful. “Myself and Aditya Chopra will continue to show the film in Maratha Mandir as long as we want to,” he added.
Though the story was insipid, its presentation and the chemistry between the lead pair – Shah Rukh and Kajol – struck the right chord with the audience and the film’s music was like a icing on the cake.

Decline and fall of tailoring tradeUpdated: October 8, 2014 11:19 IST
Decline and fall of tailoring trade
Staff Reporter
The Hindu Tailors at work in a shop in the city on Tuesday. Photo: G. Moorthy
Tailors see no special festival rush of customers
There were times when people used to mob tailoring units, especially on the Alagarkoil Road, ahead of Deepavali. Sewing machines ran non-stop in a race with deadline. Today, crowds swarm readymade showrooms while sewing machines are falling silent.
“There is no added demand just because of the festival season,” says K. Raghupathy, who runs a tailoring unit in Anna Nagar.
“We expect no change in situation even as the festival draws closer. Business will be average,” he adds.
Readymade clothes and garments easily available in decked up retail showrooms signal the decline of tailoring business. “In the last 15 years, the demand for tailor-made clothes has come down. A majority of our customers, at present, are aged people and students and professionals who need formals and uniforms,” explains V. Dhanalakshmi, who runs J.S. Ladies’ Dress Makers in Madurai.
Echoing her view, tailors in ‘Pudhu Mandapam’ say that they have not seen any special festival rush of customers as well.
“The mandapam used to house many textile shops. With customers moving towards readymade clothes, most of the shops here stopped selling textiles and now sell fabrics used to make costumes and decorations during temple festivals,” says K. Rajagopal, who runs Krishnamurthy Cloth Store.
Tailors say that the busiest time of the year was during the festivals of Meenakshi Sundareswarar Temple. “During the festival season, most of our customers only come to us with readymade clothes asking for alterations to be made,” rues S. Karthikeyan, a tailor.
A loyal customer, K. Arumugam, a farmer from a hamlet near Kodaikanal, however, says that he has been coming to the mandapam for the last 30 years to get clothes stitched ahead of Deepavali.
“But there are very few people who choose to make a trip like me. Small shops selling readymade garments have been opened even near where I live,” he points out.
Unlike the traditional tailors, designers who specialise in customised creations say that the current trend favours them as a number of people are fashion-conscious and like investing in quality garments.
“Based on the customer’s budget and preference, I buy the fabric and design the garment, which is exclusive and makes them stand out from the crowd,” explains Ramya Anand, a fashion designer, who runs Swastik Collections.
“The younger generation with disposable income is willing to invest in such customised creations and there are many designers here who offer such services,” she adds.

Digitization of medical records under way at GRHUpdated: October 8, 2014 11:14 IST
Digitization of medical records under way at GRH
Shastry V. Mallady
The Hindu The Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai
Details to be available online from November
The Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) here, which caters to thousands of patients in southern districts, is virtually going hi-tech as patients’ particulars will be available online from November under a massive computerisation project.
Throwing away the old ‘chit’ system, in which patient information is available on a piece of paper, the GRH will have computerised network for registering all details of a patient pertaining to diagnosis, treatment and medicines.
The advanced patient data project is being implemented by the Tamil Nadu Health Systems Project (TNHSP) under the name, ‘Health Management Information System.’
S. Natarajan, District Coordinator, TNHSP, told The Hindu on Tuesday that 160 computers would be provided to the GRH for data entry in all departments. “By the end of October, we will complete installation and the new system should get going from the first week of November. It will be an easy process for the staff since the hospital is going towards paperless registration by switching over to computers,” he added.
B. Santhakumar, Dean, said, “When patient details are computerised and if prescription and medical reports are uploaded online, it will be comfortable for doctors too. The new registration system will begin next month.”
According to Dr. Natarajan, there is another advantage for patients with the health management information system. “Computerised data system is being introduced for hospitals in Thoppur and Balarangapuram as well. These hospitals are being supplied with about 25 computers. Soon, the GRH will be on a par with private hospitals when it comes to medical records,” he said.
The system will enable a patient to visit any GH in the State and access his medical records. If a GRH patient goes to Chennai Government Hospital, doctors could get the medical history with the help of a patient identification number.

Haldyn Glass: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 08, 2014, 11.02 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Haldyn Glass: Updates on outcome of AGM
Haldyn Glass Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 09, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Haldyn Glass: Updates on outcome of AGM
Haldyn Glass Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 09, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Haldyn Glass Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 09, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Auroma Coke: Outcome of AGMOct 08, 2014, 11.02 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Auroma Coke: Outcome of AGM
Auroma Coke Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 28, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Auroma Coke: Outcome of AGM
Auroma Coke Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 28, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Auroma Coke Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 28, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Photos: Jammu mourns during Eid amid Pak shellingPrev Next
Indian villagers mourn the death of their relative whom locals say was killed by firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Arnia village, near Jammu October 6, 2014. Nine civilians were killed and at least 25 wounded on Monday in fighting along a stretch of the disputed border between India and Pakistan in the Kashmir region, the heaviest toll since India called off a round of peace talks last month. REUTERS/Mukesh Gupta (INDIAN-ADMINISTERED... more 
Indian villagers mourn the death of their relative whom locals say was killed by firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Arnia village, near Jammu October 6, 2014. Nine civilians were killed and at least 25 wounded on Monday in fighting along a stretch of the disputed border between India and Pakistan in the Kashmir region, the heaviest toll since India called off a round of peace talks last month. REUTERS/Mukesh Gupta (INDIAN-ADMINISTERED KASHMIR - Tags: CIVIL UNREST POLITICS) less 

Sensex falls for 3rd straight session to trade at fresh two-month low of 26 187Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sesa says iron ore export tax needs to be scrappedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

KEC Int up 5% on new orders in TD  cable  solar businessesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Flipkart starts taking pre-orders for iPhone 6 modelsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hong Kong protesters sceptical over what talks can achieveThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tech Mahindra stock down 4%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Do PM Modi s welfare reforms lack boldnessThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Biyani  retailers say flash sales by e-tailers like Flipkart  Snapdeal anti-competitive. Do you agreePlatinum Member
150 Followers
Its just a Noora kushti between retailers. Flipkart,snapdeal both are retailers and are setting up their shops. They must had taken big quantity discounts from manufacturers and passing same to customers. Nothing wrong in it. As far as their business model is profitable,they may continue to do so. If they are doing it with losses,than its a worry of their investors.Let customers be king and enjoy their purchasing power.
3.44 PM Oct 8th

Tamasha dekh rahey hain aur bahut busy hainCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sell all pakistan war is comingCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy buy gm is perfact for charm`sCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Rml has hit 52 week high . great goingCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

One-year-old Abhinav s family take to social media to trace their missing child4
0
Noida: Worried parents of one-year-old Abhinav who has been missing since the last 11 days have now taken to social media to find their child.
Abhinav had gone missing from near his Noida home last week. His mother Priyanka says Abhinav and other children in the locality had gathered to watch a street-side conjurer. He went missing when Priyanka went back to the house for just a few minutes.
The family said that the policemen at Sector 58 Noida police station merely filed a complaint and refused to register an FIR.
#noida #child missing #kidnapping #social media
Abhinav's desperate parents have launched an appeal on Facebook and Twitter to trace their child. Although police say their search is on, no substantial clues have yet been unearthed.
The family has also approached Network 18's Hindi news channel IBN7 after hearing about the Jahnvi case. The 3-year-old girl went missing from India Gate over a week ago and was found under mysterious circumstances in a market in Janakpuri with a placard hung around her neck carrying the phone number of her uncle. Her parents believed that an intensive social media campaign helped trace the girl.
64

Promotional airfares Don t get carried away: ExpertsAgent
(These days your best fare…)
MUMBAI: Avid travellers are in a foul mood. Many of them complain that it is no longer possible to get "the cheapest" air ticket. It really doesn't matter when you book; it all boils down to your luck, they say. The old theory of getting the best rate if a ticket is booked well in advance doesn't hold true anymore, most of them swear. These days your best fare remains the best only till you run into a fellow traveller at the airport, who managed to get tickets much cheaper, despite booking much later.
However, travel experts dismiss this claim. They say that booking well in advance is still the best option available to individuals. This is what a typical traveller had to say about her experience trying to book tickets this year for Diwali holidays: "When I first checked the tickets two months ago, they were really cheap.
By the time I sat down to make the reservation the next day, the prices were exorbitant. I waited for two weeks, and booked my tickets at what I thought were an okay rate, only to find out two days later that tickets were available much cheaper suddenly. When it happens to you once, it is called an accident. But, when it happens often, you are either accident prone or you are wasting too much time looking for a ticket at best price."
Rajesh Rateria , managing director, Cirrus Travels , says that travellers don't have an option, but to plan their travels and book much in advance, especially, if their travel dates coincide with a long weekend or any traditional festivals. "The airlines anticipate great demand on such occasions and chances of you getting a cheap ticket are almost nil," he says. "Airlines would stop selling low-bucket fares and shift to selling high-bucket fares as the date nears closer. This might happen even if there are low fare vacant seats. So, it won't be a great idea to wait till the last moment," adds Rateria.
Pradip Lulla , managing director, Cupid Travels, says that dynamic pricing almost rules out a cheaper fare at the last moment. "The airlines would add the discount it has already given to advance bookers into the last minute fares. If they don't do it, they will suffer losses," says Lulla, who is also the national general secretary of Travel Agent Federation of India . Mystery of Low Fares If the old rule still works, how is it that some of your fellow travellers always manage to get better fares?
Travel experts say that the mystery could be explained with the so-called promotional offers airlines come out every now and then. Remember, the Rs 1 fares offered by various airlines just a few months ago? Or the introductory fares offered by the new entrant AirAsia? Well, seasoned travel agents say that due to these fares, some people might have landed cheaper rates, but they warn against waiting for such fares. "It is true that such offers keep coming every now than then. But, it is not necessary that the fares would be available for the dates you are planning to travel. Even if the dates match, it is not necessary that you would get the tickets, as only some limited seats are available on such offers," says Lulla. Experts say that individuals should be doubly sure of the dates before they make reservations as most of these offers are non-refundable.
In fact, several people tend to cancel their tour when they plan a journey on the basis of great fare offer from an airline. "If you have to cancel the tickets for some reason, you would lose the entire money. Airlines don't usually entertain requests for refunds," says Lulla. According to experts, this is why travellers should focus more on their travel plans than such discount offers. Rateria still advises his clients to plan their itinerary carefully and book well in advance to rule out any unpleasant surprises, as a holiday is more than just airfare.

Flipkart should focus on customers and not the competitionYou are here: Home > Collections
Flipkart should focus on customers and not the competition
ARCHANA RAI, ET Bureau Oct 7, 2014, 04.43AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba
(The easy thing for Flipkart…)
Clearing up once the guests are gone after a gala party is a nightmare for even the most enthusiastic and organised host. For Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal, the founders of Flipkart, who threw open their doors on Monday for a Diwali bash termed as "the sale to end all sales", tidying up could prove to be a nightmare to end all nightmares.
In the span of a single day, Flipkart has managed to tarnish a reputation built over seven years. The damage is not irretrievable but the poster boy of Indian online retail must first understand why it disappointed so many on Monday. In one word, it is hubris. With its present mindset, it will struggle against the might of Amazon, and Alibaba when the Chinese company starts selling here. Flipkart must clear its head first.
The easy thing for Flipkart to fix is the technical glitches. Despite planning for months, hordes of customers were unable to buy what they wanted at the advertised price. It is not uncommon for technology to trip up online retailers and Flipkart will not be the last one to have suffered this way. The next time will be much better, of that we can be confident.
The bigger worry for Flipkart is elsewhere. Let us illustrate this with a couple of examples. The first gripe with them is that they appear to be taking the customer for granted by billing what is essentially a clearance sale as a curated event. This should not have been done before Diwali, when customers make the biggest purchases of the year. The deals ought to have been specially created with the latest products in keeping with the spirit of the festival season. This would have also been a natural barrier against competition, which stole Flipkart's thunder with deep discounts on popular brands.
Of late, Flipkart has made an effort to launch its private-label electronics and accessories but has not made sufficient progress to distinguish itself. Its attention span has been limited, with the result that it seems to be spreading itself too thin. Buying Myntra was a smart move but it does not equip Sachin or Binny with the cloak of invincibility.
Amazon and Jeff Bezos are not babes in the wood. Which brings us to our final point. When Bezos was in India last week, there was a note of triumphalism from Flipkart.
Greeting the American entrepreneur with Flipkart billboards advertising today's sale along his route was pointless aggression. Sachin and Binny are role models for a generation of aspiring entrepreneurs and they should be conscious of this.
Flipkart has enjoyed sympathy among those who regard it as an Indian success story. Through relentless pursuit of operational excellence, Flipkart is where it is today. It was not the first online retailer in India, but is today the largest because it got the basics right. Flipkart should focus on the customer and not the competition. That should be the lesson from Black Monday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top five jobs that pay an attractive salary packageYou are here: Home > Collections > Jobs
Top five jobs that pay an attractive salary package
Rica Bhattacharyya & Anumeha Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Oct 7, 2014, 04.22AM IST
Some of the most sought-after job profiles in India Inc require niche skills, are at senior levels - often a level below the CXO — and generate crore-plus salaries. ET examine these profiles.
FEATURED ARTICLES

American Express hunts for talent in unlikely placesAmerican Express hunts for talent in unlikely places
Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Oct 7, 2014, 04.09AM IST
(The company is expecting…)
NEW DELHI: American Express has turned to unconventional sources of talent such as hotels, hospitals, airlines and even retail for its captive, World Service Centre India. Nearly 20% of the 4,500 employees at its world service centre in India are from these sectors. The experiment has clicked, says Pradeep Kapur, senior vice president and general manager, World Service India, Greater China and South Asia, American Express.
"We recruited from top-tier hotels, airlines, cruise lines, and customer-centered retail stores and have been quite satisfied with this decision," he says. The company decided not to worry too much about candidates' previous call centre experience. "We've moved away from the thinking that service is a transaction and are focused on serving customer relationships. So our service philosophy - relationship CareTM - is our commitment to engage with customers in ways that add relevant value to them, " he adds.
The centre handles a large part of American Express' back-end operations. The company is expecting to grow the headcount at the centre by around 20% this year and is actively scouting for more talent from these new sectors. American Express has worked out a way for the leadership to reach out to employees at its captive, the world services centre, rather than the other way round. Most of the employees at the captive are in their late 20s.
"We have seen that the younger lot wants to present their views while sitting at their desk, so we came up with Web-Connect," says Kapur. The leadership team, on a regular basis, interacts on live chat with employees. Employees are allowed to hide their identities.
In keeping with the generational connect, the company has re-done the workplace in vibrant colours, apart from creating de-stress zones such as the elevation zone, a gym, and a cafeteria. Employees can present Bollywood dances in the form of competitions through a quarterly fun event called 'Show Time'. Amercian Express also supports employees' education, with nearly 100 of them applying for various MBA programmes.
"We try to bring in financial assistance," says Kapur. With women constituting more than half of the workforce at its world services centre, the company runs Women Interest Network, or WIN. He said, "Among the key WIN initiatives is the concept of 'Lean in Circles' - small peer groups that meet regularly to learn and share together," he says, adding the concept was inspired by Sheryl Sandberg's book, 'Lean in'.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IndiGo posts sixth straight year of profit in FY14IndiGo’s FY14 profit more than halves to Rs 317 crore against Rs 787 crore
Anirban Chowdhury, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 02.01AM IST
Tags:
Aditya Ghosh
(The carrier has reported…)
MUMBAI: Budget carrier IndiGo's net profit for FY14 fell 60% as unfavourable industry conditions such as weak demand and intense competition combined with weak currency to hurt performance after six straight years of robust profit growth.
ndia's biggest carrier by market share posted an annual net profit of Rs 317 crore for the twelve months ended March 31, 2014, compared with Rs 787 crore a year earlier, according to annual statements filed with the registrar of companies.
Revenue rose 18% to Rs 11,117 crore.
IndiGo's CEO and president Aditya Ghosh confirmed the airline has filed the results but didn't elaborate. The airline's peers commended its performance. "Good business model, solid execution, well done!" Sanjiv Kapoor, chief operating officer of rival budget carrier SpiceJet told ET. "The airline made some solid scale bets early on which are paying off well," he added.
But the numbers fell short of some analysts' estimates.
"Our outlook released in April 2014 estimated Rs 350 crore- Rs 400 crore net profit for FY14. The results reflect a very tough operating environment in FY14 which was the worst performing fiscal for the industry," said Kapil Kaul, south Asia CEO at Sydney-based consultant CAPA-Center for Aviation.
The rupee suffered a free fall against the dollar last year, dropping to record lows in August. About 70% of IndiGo's expenses are in dollars, but due to limited international operations it gets far less than 15% of its revenue in the same currency, according to analysts' estimates.
The slow down in air travel also continued. Indian carriers flew 61 million local passengers between April and March, up just 5% on year. To fill planes, airlines led by SpiceJet introduced massive discounts since January. India has the cheapest air fares in the world while being saddled with one of the highest cost burdens, mainly jet fuel.
The low fares in Jan-March impacted overall yields for IndiGo.
Its annual revenue per average seat kilometre fell to 3.70 from 3.78 the previous year, the figures showed.
The airline annually carried 16% more passengers than the previous year, but increased capacity by 20%.
IndiGo is believed to have got massive discounts on its past two aircraft orders of 100 and 180 planes. It has been selling the aircraft to lessors at huge premiums, adding considerably to profits.
Kaul said that IndiGo would have earned Rs 350 crore from sale and leaseback of planes last year, but the benefits were offset by unfavourable market conditions.
The airline however continues to be way ahead of its peers.
SpiceJet posted a record net loss of over Rs 1,003 crore during FY14 while the other listed carrier Jet Airways lost Rs 3,667 crore. Unlisted airline Go Air reportedly made a net profit of Rs 50 crore, a figure its spokesman didn't confirm.
Despite the fall, IndiGo's consistent profitability in a bleeding industry will strengthen sentiments for its imminent initial public offer, likely planned for the middle of next year, said experts.
"With its low costs, efficiency and reliability of operations, IndiGo has clearly demonstrated its business strengths. Investor confidence will only be boosted by its latest profit figures" said Prithvi Haldea, founder chairman of Prime Database, a tracker of primary markets.
CAPA has estimated a valuation of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion for the airline.
IndiGo has appointed seven banks Citigroup , Deutsche Bank , JP Morgan , UBS , Standard Chartered , Morgan Stanley and Kotak Mahindra for the offer. It may file its prospectus by February, said a source close to the development.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DGCA audit reveals shortage of trainers at Jet AirwaysDGCA audit reveals shortage of trainers at Jet Airways
Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Oct 6, 2014, 04.26AM IST
Tags:
ATR
(The report mentions serious…)
NEW DELHI: Jet Airways seems to be cutting down on training to its pilots and is facing a severe shortage of trainers across its ATR and Boeing fleets, says a training audit of the airline done by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA).
"Strength of trainers in Jet Airways training facilities is found substantially low as per the recommended strength in the Directorate General of Civil Aviation operations circular as well as training manual for all types of fleet, except Airbus 330," reads a Directorate General of Civil Aviation report. Jet Airways has a fleet of more than 100 aircraft and operates ATR, short-haul Boeing 737s and Airbus 330 as well as long-range Boeing 777s.
According to the report, the airline's training division is overlooking numerous deficiencies. "...in many cases signatures of trainee and trainers were missing" and also certifications by trainers and rule check forms were "not appropriately filed", says the report. Jet Airways said it underwent a DGCA audit in August for which it has filed all necessary res ponses with the regulator.
"As per standard industry practice, Jet Airways will be guided by the regulator for any further action," the airline said in an email to ET, but didn't respond to questions on specific issues raised in the Directorate General of Civil Aviation report. A senior Jet Airways pilot explained that a non-serious approach towards training has serious consequences.
"Training is a key component for a pilot and directly linked to safe operations and no documentation of it would mean a compromise is being made by the airline and also the pilot. This is compromising on the safety of people flying with Jet Airways," the pilot said. The audit of the airline's training centre was ordered after a Jet Boeing 777-300 ER (Extended Range) operating between Mumbai and Brussels plunged 5,000 feet when it was flying at an altitude of 34,000 feet.
The report mentions serious lapses on part of Jet in upgrading a pilot to an instructor despite the person being involved in a go-around incident. According to the audit report, the airline had in January this year wrote to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation saying that the pilot had an incident-free record of 10 years.
But a scrutiny found that the person was involved in a go-around incident leading to bounce landing in June 2012, which was hidden from the regulator, it said. The airline's "ATR fleet has lots of incident and (this) could be purely attributed to poor training", the Directorate General of Civil Aviation report read.
The Directorate General of Civil Aviation audit also found that 131 pilots of the airline were flying without clearing the mandatory biannual pilot proficiency check. The regulator issued showcause notices to all of them.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Who ll foot the bill for Flipkart s discountsYou are here: Home > Collections
With Flipkart's sales worth $100 million, who will foot the bill for discounts?
Writankar Mukherjee, Biswarup Gooptu & Shonali Advani, ET Bureau Oct 7, 2014, 08.37AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Flipkart, the country’s…)
NEW DELHI|BANGALORE|KOLKATA: Flipkart, the merchants on its platform and manufacturers are sharing the tab for the biggest sale-day yet in Indian online retail.
The Bangalore-based company sold goods worth $100 million on Monday and the deep discounts will mean that its margins are going to be negative, but it is counting on some help from its partners while it stays focussed on boosting its topline.
Flipkart, the country's largest online retailer, has been offering deep discounts across categories, stretching up to 80%, as it looks to widen its lead over rivals Snapdeal and Amazon.
The company has raised a total of $1.2 billion this year, equipping it with a cash hoard that it is using to further its goal of increasing market share and growing the size of the market.
Sachin Bansal , the cofounder and CEO, said Flipkart had been working on the offers with brands and sellers for the past few months. The deals it strikes vary across categories and merchants, with no standard formula. In some cases, sellers have picked up the full tab.
For example, Pepper Closet, a merchant with Flipkart for about a month, had differential discounts depending on the product. For apparel, Pepper Closet was keen on clearing its surplus inventory and therefore picked up the bill for a 50% discount, business head Kanwar Singh said. On the other hand, for kitchen and bar utility items, Flipkart is bearing the cost of the 20-40% discount.
Not all sellers have come on board to share the tab with the online retailer. A senior executive of a leading consumer electronics retail chain said the discounts are driven entirely by the marketplaces. "We as a seller did not even know that few of our listed products would get discounted for these flash sales," he said, requesting anonymity.
Another seller said the company had listed its models at the existing market price in the offline trade. "But we were shocked to see that the product has been sold at a discount which is actually lower than our buying price. But we have been assured we will get the full amount at which we have listed it," he said.
Since online retail is a nascent industry, companies are not too perturbed by negative margins, and investors are backing the game plan of acquiring customers at the expense of the bottomline.
Even Amazon , which posted revenue of $75 billion last year, has red ink on its books. "It's a tactical call taken by Flipkart, and they have certainly done the math. These (discounts) are built into their margin model," said Ankur Bisen, vice president at Technopak .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Flipkart sells goods worth $100 million in 10 hours amid technical glitchFlipkart sells goods worth $100 million in 10 hours, backlash on social media
Harsimran Julka & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Oct 7, 2014, 07.30AM IST
Tags:
advertising
(Flipkart’s so-called…)
BANGALORE | NEW DELHI: Flipkart declared on Monday it had created Indian e-commerce history by clocking $100 million (Rs 600 crore) in sales in just 10 hours of its much-heralded discount sale, but not before its hard-won reputation for customer service excellence suffered knocks amid technical glitches and recriminations from angry buyers disappointed with the pricing and availability of products.
As India's largest online retailer and the posterboy of its startup boom took pride in successfully seeing through what it termed as an unprecedented event, competitors took advantage of its missteps and cut prices, diverting traffic away from Flipkart on what was supposed to be its big day.
Backlash on Social Media
"It feels a bit like a boxing bout in which one boxer accidentally knocked himself down before the opponent even entered the ring," said Kartik Hosanagar, professor of internet commerce at The Wharton School in the United States.
Flipkart's so-called 'The Big Billion Day' is the first time in India that a discount sale of this magnitude has taken place. Modelled after the Black Friday shopping bonanza in the US, Flipkart said its aim is to create an online equivalent for India.
Sachin Bansal, the cofounder and CEO of Flipkart, said he was pleased with the outcome, admitting at the same time that there were surprises and some errors. The company said it sold goods worth $100 million (almost Rs 1 crore every minute) within 10 hours and its site recorded one billion hits. "This was unprecedented. It is an historic day for ecommerce," the 32-year-old entrepreneur said.
Online sales of goods, while they are growing rapidly, are still a minuscule part of India's retail sector. Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon and others account for just $5 billion in annual sales compared to the retail industry's size of over $500 billion but projected to grow exponentially.
Flipkart ended up with lot of backlash on social media sites as its system continued to change prices of products during the day. A Delhi-based customer who had paid Rs 27,000 for an LCD TV listed at a pre-discount price of Rs 49,000 was declined purchase as Flipkart said that the product had gone out of stock. "Mean sites for the same product," the customer wrote on Twitter.
Another customer who wanted to buy an LCD set on Flipkart saw the price change by Rs 10,000 within two hours. Customers were also peeved as Flipkart did not allow cancellations. Many shoppers who encountered better deals or changed their mind after clicking the buy button had no choice left, unlike on other days when cancellations and replacements are allowed.
  Flipkart attributed some of the problems to the "largest scale of traffic and customer visits e-commerce has witnessed across the country", noting that it had got a billion hits on its website. As angry customers took to social media, rivals gained traction. "Amazon was the most trending site on our site on Tuesday," said Swati Bhargava, CEO of CashKaro, an online cashback site which directs user traffic to sites such as Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal.
"People are loving the Amazon discounts which keep on getting bigger and Monday compared to Sunday, making October 6 its biggest day ever in India. The company attributed this to deals every hour and "ensuring the availability of the deals advertised." Amazon India's site was redirecting to bigbillionday. com during the day.
Rival Snapdeal, which cocked a snook at Flipkart with an advertisement that sought to make light of its rival's big day ("For others, it's a big day. For us today is no different), also did not leave any stone unturned. Its co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl said Snapdeal had also sold goods worth Rs 1 crore a minute. "The best part of the day: we didn't really spend much to bring customers to Snapdeal," Bahl said, in an apparent dig at Flipkart's advertising blitz that preceded Monday's sale that, industry watchers say, would have cost the company tens of crores of rupees.
Bansal admitted errors with "a few products and few customers." These he attributed to mistakes on Sunday night while uploading prices of products and promised to rectify the problem. "it was not intentional at all. We are sorry for that," he said, adding that the Flipkart team had burnt the midnight oil ahead of the sale. "I slept only 2-3 hours last night. Living on Red Bull."
Despite the backlash, there was optimism about the future of the ecommerce sector. Experts said that the Flipkart sale and the Diwali bonanza from Amazon and Snapdeal will help change the habits of the Indian consumer used to thronging bazaars and malls during the festival season.
"This looks like a transformational move for ecommerce in India, a tipping point," said Arvind Singhal, CEO of retail consultancy Technopak.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Global jitters drag Sensex 296 pts; Nifty closes below 7900Oct 07, 2014, 05.21 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Global jitters drag Sensex 296 pts; Nifty closes below 7900
Foreign institutional investors had been net sellers of shares to the tune of Rs 2,300 crore in previous six out of seven sessions (till October 1) while domestic institutional investors were net buyers to the tune of Rs 3,055 crore (as per provisional figures) during the same period.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Global jitters drag Sensex 296 pts; Nifty closes below 7900
Foreign institutional investors had been net sellers of shares to the tune of Rs 2,300 crore in previous six out of seven sessions (till October 1) while domestic institutional investors were net buyers to the tune of Rs 3,055 crore (as per provisional figures) during the same period.
Post your opinion here
16:37
Moneycontrol Bureau
Equity benchmarks fell more than a percent to close near two-month low on Tuesday, continuing southward journey for the second trading session of the October month, weighed down by global jitters. Likely slowdown in China, Germany’s weak industrial output data in August and fears of US rate hike dampened sentiment across the globe. The market was opened for trade today after a long weekend (of five-day).
The 30-share BSE Sensex lost 296.02 points or 1.11 percent to 26271.97 and the 50-share NSE Nifty closed below the 7900 level, down 93.15 points or 1.17 percent to 7852.40 due to fall in capital goods, metals, healthcare, and banking and financials stocks.
The broader markets were not spared either as the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices slipped 0.9 percent and 0.8 percent, respectively.
According to Dipan Mehta, Member, BSE & NSE, an absence of action on major reforms from the government has been putting doubts in the market.
He says that technically, the markets appear to be weak and vulnerable at this point of time because all India-centric stocks, the banks, cement, capital goods—which are supposed to do well on the uptick of GDP growth rates -- are just not participating in the bull run, and the defensives and export-oriented sectors can contribute only up to a level.
“Thus at this time it is best to be a bit of cautious and wait as this correction may deepen further over the next few trading sessions,” he adds.
The major fall in stocks like HDFC, TCS and L&T, and metals indicated that institutional investors may have offloaded their some exposure. Foreign institutional investors had been net sellers of shares to the tune of Rs 2,300 crore in previous six out of seven sessions (till October 1) while domestic institutional investors were net buyers to the tune of Rs 3,055 crore (as per provisional figures) during the same period. Also read: Broader mkt to do well; dip in FII inflow not a worry: Credit Suisse
Cameron Brandt, Director of Research, EPFR Global does not worried about current small outflow. “We are certainly seeing edging towards more of a risk-off mindset among investors but I don't think it's written in stone that they will stay away for the rest of the year,” he says.
“A fair amount of money is piling up in money market funds, I think the institutional investors will like to deploy that once they get some certainty about the number of key issues and fund managers continue to talk India up so there seems to be some appetite,” he adds. Also read: 5 themes likely to drive Indian equities ahead: BoA Merrill
On the global front, Asian markets closed mixed while European markets were trading 0.6-1 percent lower (at 16 hours IST). The World Bank on Monday cut the forecast for China, the world's second largest economy, to 7.4 percent in 2014. China’s official target for GDP growth rate stood at 7.5 percent.
China's growth will ease to 7.4 percent this year and 7.2 percent in 2015, as the government seeks to put the economy on a more sustainable path with policies addressing financial vulnerabilities and structural constraints, the World Bank said in its report released in Singapore today.
Meanwhile, German industrial output in August fell 4 percent month-on-month, the biggest drop since the financial crisis in early 2009.
In the commodities space, crude prices continued to fall after hitting their lowest level in 27-month. Brent crude was hovering around USD 92 a barrel (at the time of closing of Indian equities). Gold spot declined 0.12 percent to USD 1,205.91 an ounce.
On the home turf, the HSBC Services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), compiled by Markit, rose to 51.6 in September from 50.6 in August, reversing a slowdown seen in the previous two months.
The rupee closed at 61.43 per dollar, up 18 paise compared to 61.61 a dollar last Wednesday.
Stocks in action
Hindalco Industries, Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, Dr Reddy's Labs, HDFC, DLF, Jindal Steel and Cairn India were top losers, falling 3-6 percent. L&T, TCS, Sun Pharma, SBI, ONGC, Axis Bank and Hero Motocorp declined 1-2.7 percent.
Sun Pharma embarked on a 5-year plan to revive Ranbaxy Labs, reports CNBC-TV18. Sun expects to achieve 60 percent of synergies and expects Ranbaxy margins to plough back to 15-16 percent by FY19. Ranbaxy Labs fell close to 3 percent.
Mahindra and Mahindra declined 2 percent despite the company acquired 51 percent stake in Peugeot Motorcycles.
However, NTPC, Gail India and Power Grid outperformed, up 1-1.5 percent followed by Tata Motors, Wipro and Tata Power with marginal gains.
In the broader space, Apollo Tyres gained 6 percent after Reserve Bank of India allowed FIIs to buy upto 45 percent stake in company. GMR Infrastructure surged 11 percent post company synchronised its first unit of 1,370 MW Chhattisgarh supercritical thermal power plant.
Cera Sanitaryware shot up nearly 8 percent on reporting a 48 percent growth in Q2 net profit at Rs 15.7 crore and 25 percent growth in revenues at Rs 199.6 crore year-on-year.
Tata Communications gained 3 percent as media report suggested that the company signed network-to-network interface agreement with Australian company Telstra.
On the Bombay Stock Exchange, about 1109 shares advanced while 1772 shares declined.
14:00

Flipkart  Billion Day  sale impact: Traditional retailers call for govt interventionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hong Kong protests thin as two sides agree to talkStudent-led protests for democratic reforms shrank but a few hundred demonstrators remained camped out in the streets, vowing to keep up the pressure until the government responds to their demands. (Source: AP Photo)
Associated Press | Hong Kong | Posted: October 7, 2014 5:07 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 5:20 pm
Crowds of protesters who filled Hong Kong’s streets with demands for a greater say in choosing the territory’s leader thinned dramatically on Tuesday after student leaders and the government agreed to hold talks in this increasingly frustrated city.
Just a couple of days after tens of thousands of demonstrators thronged the city’s streets, only a few dozen students were occupying some stretches of highway, once again snarling traffic and slowing commuters.
One young protester sleepily brushed his teeth as rush hour began, spitting into a storm drain along the blockaded six-lane highway that cuts through the heart of Hong Kong’s business district. Nearby, a sleeping demonstrator leaned back in a nylon chair, his mouth open and his eyeglasses askew.
Despite the dwindling numbers of activists on the streets, protest leaders insisted the movement was far from defeated, and vowed to walk away from negotiations if the police used force to clear away the remaining demonstrators. At least a few hundred protesters are thought to be scattered across the city’s three main protest areas.
“It’s up to the government now. This is the first step, but the pressure has to continue,” said Alex Chow, a student leader.
On Monday, Lau Kong-wah, the territory’s undersecretary of constitutional affairs, said the government and students had agreed on terms for talks, saying the two sides would enter discussions on an equal footing. Lester Shum, a leader of the Hong Kong Federation of Students, confirmed the agreement, but said they had not discussed or reached a consensus on the agenda.  A date for the meeting had not been set.
A business man walks on a thinly occupied road by pro-democracy student protesters in front of the government complex in Hong Kong. (Source: AP photo)
The dueling questions now are how long the demonstrators are willing to continue their protests â€” and how long until the government removes them.
“We are safe (from a crackdown) for the moment,” said Joseph Cheng, a specialist in Chinese politics at the City University of Hong Kong who has deep ties to Hong Kong’s pro-democracy movement. “Now that there are negotiations going on or at least negotiations to discuss negotiations we expect that the police will not clear the protesters for a few days.”
But with the authorities unlikely to agree to the protesters’ immediate demands, including the resignation of Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying, any talks could quickly collapse.
“The real test is what happens when the negotiations break down,” said Cheng.
Like many protest leaders, he suspects the government is continued…

Ten years later  Indian hiring cos catch VC ...Ten years later, Indian hiring companies catch venture capital eye again
Madhav Chanchani, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 09.20AM IST
Tags:
GrownOut
(India's recruitment sector…)
MUMBAI: India's recruitment sector is back on the agenda of venture capital investors after more than a decade as they back a set of niche startups in the space. The latest is Matrix Partners India, which has invested an undisclosed amount in GrownOut, which uses professional networks such as LinkedIn to make automated referral hirings.
This comes as other recruitment portals have attracted funding from venture capital firms such as IDG Ventures India, Mayfield and Helion Ventures over the last three-four months.
VCs are looking to make multiple bets on the space as India's search and recruitment market is Rs 4,800 crore and growing at a compounded annual growth rate of 20%.
"This has been a largely untapped market and we believe there are several opportunities to solve the hiring needs of Indian small and medium businesses," said Tarun Davda, director Matrix Partners, which will make more investments in the space this year.
These startups are looking to make hiring more time efficient and cost-effective by leveraging technology solutions in a market dominated by staffing agencies, job boards and company HR. "Despite incredible innovations in technology in the last decade, recruiting still remains a fundamental challenge in the industry and an unsolved problem," said GrownOut co-founder and CEO Sumit Gupta, a computer science graduate from Delhi's Indraprastha University.
The Gurgaon-based startup was founded last year by 25-year-old Gupta and 26-year-old IIT Delhi graduate Harsimran Walia. GrownOut has found more than 100 clients already and is being used by companies such as Quikr, Olacabs, Appiterate, Stayzilla and Winshuttle. "The biggest headache in hiring is spamming," said Gupta, who said that the success rate of referrals getting hired is high at 40% even though they just contribute to 7% of total resumes that come in.
While referral networks is one segment of the market, other niches targeted by VCs include recommendation engines, technologyenabled hiring and skill-assessment firms. "Our thinking is that the time is ripe for the next generation of recruitment websites and onesize-fits-all is not the correct paradigm. The resume database itself has become a commodity, so one has to build value added services on top of it," said Ritesh Banglani, partner at Helion Venture, which is investing in an auction-based recruitment platform.
Helion has seen a fourfold increase in deal flow from startups in the recruitment space this year and is also eyeing multiple investments.
TimesJobs, owned by the publisher of this newspaper, is another player in the segment that launched an independent site called Techgig which serves as an engagement platform with the IT community. "Companies can position themselves better for skills and technologies they have, rather than just their working environment," said Vivek Madhukar, COO of Times Business Solutions.
Other startups that have attracted funding include IDG Venturesbacked MyNoticePeriod, which focuses on candidates serving notice and Talview, a video interview platform that was funded by Mayfield in July. Talview's flagship product is an automated video interview platform that companies can use to screen candidates on the basis of predetermined questions.
This is also finding traction overseas. "We have done 70,000 video assessments in more than 100 countries," said CEO Sanjoe Jose. The startup counts Cognizant, ABB and Wockhardt as clients.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government Clears 33 Long-Pending Defence ProjectsFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
New Delhi: The government has cleared 33 pending defence projects including those of Reliance Aerospace, Bharat Forge, Mahindra Telephonic Integrated Systems and Tata Advanced Materials, a move that is expected to boost advanced manufacturing and attract huge investments.
The Licensing Committee, chaired by Secretary in the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP), has cleared these long-pending applications last week and granted industrial licences to them, an official statement said.
The 33 projects include 14 cases whose applicants have been informed that licences were not required anymore as a vast number of defence items have been de-licensed, it added.
"It has been possible to approve these cases as a consequence of the simplification of FDI policy," the release said, adding that the development would give a big boost to the 'Make in India' campaign which seeks to make the country a hub for global manufacturing.
The Narendra Modi-led government has liberalised FDI policy in the defence sector by hiking the cap from 26 per cent to 49 per cent.
India imports up to 70 per cent of its military hardware.
"It is expected that clearance of these 33 applications and the deregulation of defence product list excluding a large number of components from purview of industrial licensing will provide a major impetus to advanced manufacturing in defence sector," the statement said.
According to sources, the decision is expected to result in investments of billions of dollars.
The committee also discussed the possibility of removal of stipulation of annual capacity in the industrial licence as also to permit sale of licensed items to other entities under the control of Home Ministry, state governments, PSUs and other defence licensed companies without requiring approval of the Department of Defence Production.
"It was agreed that the above stipulation would be relaxed subject to submission of bi-annual returns by the unit. The DIPP would be shortly notifying the above decision by issue of a Press Note," the release said.
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 19:04 (IST)

Outlook for India constructive; like banks  autos: Axis AMC08:00 am
The Indian equity market is going through a cyclical recovery, so one should brace for near-term correction, says Pankaj Murarka, Axis Asset Management. However, the outlook for India remains constructive in the medium-term hence any dip should be seen as an opportunity to buy, he told CNBC-TV18 in an interview. 
The market would see some pullback due to global cues, but valuations are reasonable, he added.
On sectors, Murarka is betting on cyclicals. Among financials, he is positive on private banks. The fund house has also started buying public sector lenders in anticipation that economy recovery will help banks to improve their stressed balance sheets.
He is also bullish on automobile and capital goods sector.
Also Read: India to outperform even in FY16; bearish on crude, says JP Morgan
Below is the verbatim transcript of Pankaj Murarka’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar.
Reema: How are you reading the markets in the near-term? We have already seen the markets correct close to about 350 points from its recent highs. Do you think that this weakness could extend itself?
A: It could. Just to put things in context, we have seen a very sharp rally in equities over the last one year. Markets are up by something like 50 percent. What we are essentially seeing is some pullback in the market on back of concerns of rising rates in US and some sell-off in emerging markets and India has been part of that. However, at best it will just be a pull back.
To put things in perspective, India is undergoing a cyclical recovery. So, what is more important is while we could see some correction in the near-term but from a medium-term perspective, the outlook for equities remains very constructive. Despite such sharp rally that we have seen over the last one year, valuations for markets are very reasonable. They are somewhere closer to the mean. With improving growth outlook we should see much better prospects for earnings growth going forward.
In context of that, any corrections in near-term, if at all they happen because of global sell-off should just be an opportunity to buy into it.
Latha: Yesterday the commercial vehicle numbers came as a bit of a jar. If the economy is really improving, lower commercial vehicle sales doesn’t quite gel with the growth picture. Can that kind of bad news deepen especially in the Q2 earnings?
A: Not really. Just to put things in perspective, if you look at it from a medium-term perspective, let us appreciate the fact that this is a third successive year where we are growing below 6 percent and we are growing below our potential growth rate. We have been fixing our macro economic imbalances for the last two years. As we do all of that we will get back to our potential growth rate in about six to eight quarters.
So, this month-on-month numbers are a bit too short-term a number and they do get impacted because of festival season and other events on a seasonality which they need to be adjusted for. However, for that from a broader perspective we are well on course to get back to our potential growth rate which should be around 6.5-7 percent. In context of that equities should be doing well.
Latha: Since you are such a growth bull, what would your stock selection be? Would it be cyclicals and if it is what part of cyclicals, would it go as deep as PSU banks for instance?
A: We like cyclicals at this point of time on the backdrop of the fact that India is undergoing a cyclical recovery. Again just to bring that point, if you see, we are at such a low point of our growth last year we had a contraction in our industrial production. Our industrial production grew at -0.1 percent and we haven’t had a contraction in the industrial production in the last 30 years. The last time we had it was in 1982.
So, the point I am going to make is that we are at a very low point of our growth. Any recovery from here will be very sharp and which is what markets are looking forward to from a next one to two years perspective. State owned banks clearly they have taken the biggest brunt of this slowdown because all the problems of the economy are lying on their balance sheet.
So, as we see a recovery in the economy I am sure they will certainly see an improvement in the asset quality and they should be a beneficiary of that.
Reema: You said any pullback should be a buying opportunity so at this point of time with the Nifty around 7800-7850 if you had money to put in, would you put it in cyclicals or would you put it in defensives because of late defensives have done better than cyclicals?
A: We don’t think about stocks in that sense. We just buy quality businesses at reasonable prices and we tend to run balanced portfolios. So, we see opportunities across sectors be it cyclicals or the secular stories like the consumers and healthcare. However, from a delta perspective, cyclicals will have a higher delta from a medium-term perspective.
Latha: I was asking you for your pecking order of your cyclicals? Where is the strongest conviction buy coming and how does the conviction get weaker?
A: We have always liked financials. However, in financials our preference was largely in favour of private sector banks. However, over the last few quarters we have bought into state owned banks because we think they will be beneficiary of the cyclical recovery and they have taken the biggest brunt.
Apart from that we remain very constructive from a medium-term perspective on autos because India has a potential to emerge as the third or the fourth largest auto market in the next five to seven years and there is a significant latent demand that exists in the sector because of the slowdown that we have seen over the last three or four years.
At the same time, our investment cycle has been completely broken. As we get through all of this stalled projects we certainly need to revive investment cycle. So, again we believe that capital goods as a sector will be a beneficiary of that as and when we see recovery in the investment cycle and that is very important for the overall growth of the economy. So, we remain constructive in all three of these from a cyclical perspective.
Reema: In some latest news coming out of the pharmaceutical sector over the weekend, we understand that the US Congress has begun investigating into the price hikes of 10 select generic drugs which includes those of Sun Pharma . Dr, Reddy’s as well as Cipla . Do you think this news can impact these largecap pharmaceutical names?
A: It could have some marginal impact but I do not see it having a significant impact because the businesses of these companies are far more diversified both in terms of geographies and in terms of what they do in US.
Generic generic piece of their business is a very small part of their overall business. So, while it can have some short-tem impact I do not see it having a very meaningful impact to impair their business in any manner.
Latha: What kind of a turnaround are you noticing in the mutual fund industry in general and in your funds in particular? Are you seeing increased investor interest and inflow of funds, can you gives us some numbers?
A: Mutual fund industry has started witnessing inflows into equities as an asset class over the last six to nine months. We at Axis Mutual Fund have been consistently receiving inflows in our funds. Our AUM has grown by about 30 percent year-to-date (YTD) just by way of new inflows.
So, investors are underinvested into equities and investors are correcting their asset allocation and I see that will only increase investor participation into mutual funds .
Latha: The recent fall has not disturbed the inflow that started as you said six to nine months ago?
A: Not really because investors have become far more matured. The look upon equities as a medium-term asset class and when they invest they are taking a three to five year investment horizon at least if not longer. They have started looking upon some of these corrections or pullbacks in market more as an opportunity to invest more rather than getting perturbed by it.
Q

Credit Suisse sells 3.34 lakh shares of Hinduja GlobalOct 08, 2014, 08.46 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Credit Suisse sells 3.34 lakh shares of Hinduja Global
On October 07, 2014 Credit Suisse (Singapore) Limited A/C Credit Suisse (Singapore) sold 3,34,071 shares at Rs 650.31 Goldman Sachs Investments Mauritius I Limited sold 2,90,929 shares of Hinduja Global Solutions at Rs 650.01.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Credit Suisse sells 3.34 lakh shares of Hinduja Global
On October 07, 2014 Credit Suisse (Singapore) Limited A/C Credit Suisse (Singapore) sold 3,34,071 shares at Rs 650.31 Goldman Sachs Investments Mauritius I Limited sold 2,90,929 shares of Hinduja Global Solutions at Rs 650.01.
Post your opinion here
 
On October 07, 2014 Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund bought 5,78,000 shares of  Hinduja Global Solutions at Rs 650 on the BSE.
However, Credit Suisse (Singapore) Limited A/C Credit Suisse (Singapore) sold 3,34,071 shares at Rs 650.31 Goldman Sachs Investments Mauritius I Limited sold 2,90,929 shares at Rs 650.01.
On Tuesday the share ended at Rs 649.95, down Rs 32.65, or 4.78 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 736.55 and 52-week low Rs 375.05 on 07 July, 2014 and 08 October, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

HDFC Trustee Company buys 19.94 lakh shares of TD PowerOct 08, 2014, 08.46 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HDFC Trustee Company buys 19.94 lakh shares of TD Power
On October 07, 2014 Hitoshi Matsuo sold 10,00,000 shares at Rs 315 and Saphire Finman Services Pvt Ltd sold 10,00,000 shares of TD Power at Rs 315.05.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HDFC Trustee Company buys 19.94 lakh shares of TD Power
On October 07, 2014 Hitoshi Matsuo sold 10,00,000 shares at Rs 315 and Saphire Finman Services Pvt Ltd sold 10,00,000 shares of TD Power at Rs 315.05.
Post your opinion here
 
On October 07, 2014 HDFC Trustee Company Ltd HDFC MF Monthly Income Plan Long Term Plan bought 2,00,000 shares of  TD Power Systems at Rs 315.
Also, HDFC Trustee Company Limited - HDFC Infrastructure Fund bought 7,94,000 shares at Rs 315 and HDFC Trustee Company Limited - HDFC Prudence Fund bought 10,00,000 shares at Rs 315.
However, Hitoshi Matsuo sold 10,00,000 shares at Rs 315 and Saphire Finman Services Pvt Ltd sold 10,00,000 shares at Rs 315.05.
On Tuesday the share ended at Rs 315.35, down Rs 11.90, or 3.64 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 375 and 52-week low Rs 175.40 on 09 June, 2014 and 28 October, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Delhi BJP reviews political situation in cityOct 07, 2014 at 11:29pm IST
Delhi BJP reviews political situation in city
3
0
New Delhi: Three days ahead of the next Supreme Court hearing on government formation in the capital, Delhi BJP on Tuesday reviewed the political situation and indicated its readiness to face fresh elections instead of capturing power without having a clear majority.
At a meeting, presided over by Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay, a number of senior leaders argued in favour of going to elections than forming a government by "managing the numbers" which they felt may hurt the image of the party and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Sources in BJP said that the meeting felt that "Modi wave" was still going "strong" and the party will emerge victorious if it goes to seek fresh mandate in Delhi.
Sources in BJP said that the meeting felt that "Modi wave" was still going "strong" and the party will emerge victorious if it goes to seek fresh mandate in Delhi.
#delhi #bjp #satish upadhyay #narendra modi
"The meeting felt that the party will be able to serve people of Delhi with full dedication if the party comes to power with a clear majority. That is why the leaders have preferred going to polls," said a senior party leader, adding that any final decision on the issue will be taken by the central leadership.
The Supreme Court on September 9 had asked the Centre to apprise it on October 10 the outcome of the process undertaken by Lt Governor Najeeb Jung on government formation in Delhi, saying "alleged horse-trading" will continue if a decision is not taken.
On September 4, Jung had sent a letter to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to call BJP, the single largest party, to take a shot at power though it is well short of majority in the Assembly. Asked what the party would do if the Lt Governor invites BJP to form government, the senior leader said the party might turn down the offer.
"We do not have the numbers to form the government. The chances of the LG inviting us to form government is very less." Following the Lt Governor's initiative, almost all BJP MLAs as well as Upadhyay had shown indication of the party's willingness to take a shot at power.
The dominant view in BJP then was that it will not be immoral on its part to take over the reins as the party had swept the Lok Sabha polls by winning all the seven seats with comfortable margins. BJP, along with its ally Akali Dal's one MLA, has 29 MLAs in the Assembly and will require support of five more legislators to prove majority in the House.
BJP had won 31 seats in the 70-member Assembly but the number of BJP MLAs came down to 28 as three party legislators Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pervesh Verma had resigned from the Assembly after they were elected to Lok Sabha. Following resignation of the three legislators, the strength of the Assembly had come down to 67.
Fixing the next hearing to October 10, the Supreme Court had said that the matter cannot be kept pending and it may take a view after the Centre informs it about the decision of the President and subsequent political developments. The court is hearing a plea filed by AAP seeking dissolution of the Assembly.
In his letter to the President, the LG referred to the resignation of the AAP government on February 14 saying that it was not in "the interest of public to hold elections in such a short time after the elections of December 2013."
2

SolarCity Loan Deal Could Propel Rooftop MarketKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Its up  up and away for IT stocks; TCS  HCL Tech outperform benchmark SensexIt’s up, up and away for IT stocks; TCS, HCL Tech beat Sensex
Devangi Gandhi | Mumbai | Updated:  Oct 08 2014, 10:34  IST
Oct 08 2014, 10:34  IST
 

Mahindra to acquire 51% stake in loss-making Peugeot MotorcyclesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tumours grow faster at nightE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mobile doing to e-commerce what e-commerce did to retail: Nicolas FranchetMobile doing to e-commerce what e-commerce did to retail: Nicolas Franchet
Ranju Sarkar |  Oct 08, 2014 12:58 AM IST
As a digital advertising platform, Facebook is increasingly being favoured by e-commerce firms, especially in the lifestyle category. Nicolas Franchet, Facebook's global head of retail and e-commerce, talks to Ranju Sarkar about how the company can help e-commerce firms target customers. Edited excerpts:
India has a significant number of Facebook and WhatsApp users. How do you plan to improve the way you monetise them?
Globally, we have 1.32 billion people on Facebook. We have good understanding of their identities and their platforms - more than 80 per cent are on mobile. In India, 108 million come on Facebook every month; of those, 94 million access it on mobile devices.
People don't come to Facebook to shop. Facebook is a personalised newspaper; people come to see pictures of their family and friends. There is an opportunity for marketers to introduce their content in an interesting, personalised and targeted way. We are in the business of making you discover something in your newsfeed and influencing that purchase. It's closer to traditional merchandising.
10 years ago, e-commerce started disturbing retail by allowing consumers to connect to products from their homes. In a session, you saw more products on your desktop than when you visited a store. Now, the sites have figured ways to show you fewer things. Mobile is disrupting e-commerce. So, on a device as big as this, I cannot show all the products I am showing on a pamphlet. So, retailers need to figure what to show you. We are trying to get retailers to build merchandise in a way that it speaks to the consumer, as a shopkeeper does.
In terms of advertising revenues, how important is the Indian market to you?
It is significant because it is a fast-growth market. Some markets are more evolutionary; here, it is more revolutionary. People are going from no internet at all to the latest android phone, and they are buying online. Also, there are things such as cash-on-delivery, which aren't there in the US or Germany. And, the missed-call feature, which is very cultural. We are exploring ways to incorporate this into our product. India will be very important because of its sheer size. We help our clients grow their business. We have to build solutions that work with what they offer their customers. So, the more we understand what they are doing, the better the solution will be. Fundamentally, 95 per cent of the way Facebook will work for e-commerce companies in India will be the same as in the US or Germany. But the best practices we want to work on have regional or local dimensions.
In what situations will Facebook appeal to marketers more than Google?
It's complimentary. We are in the business of helping people discover products. It doesn't mean people should do only that, instead of Google-search for products. On Facebook, the opportunity is to distinguish the way you acquire customers. It's a big area of investment for marketers. We have a product that allows marketers to target an app at those who don't have one. Other strategies include retargeting and remarketing. Maybe, some visited your website and looked at a product, but didn't buy. Or, added a few products to their cart, but did not pick up. On Facebook, there are a lot of ways to reengage with such customers.
How is Facebook better than Google, in terms of targeting and segmentation? How are you leveraging this in India?
Facebook is a merchandising engine and a targeting platform. In search, you are not targeting; you are looking for products, but there's no value-add.
On Facebook, I know a lot of information about you, as you had signed up. A marketer can say 'give me all the moms in Delhi aged 30-40'. It could also target customers who haven't bought anything in the last 12 months. We are very protective about personal data; we don't allow marketers to target people at a personal level, only a small cluster. We can do that because we are a people-based targeting system.
Is this what you call affinity cluster-mapping/marketing?
Ultimately, the idea is to create clusters. We have a notion of lookalikes. So, you can say 'here's a group of my best customers-the top 10 per cent'. You could enter that into your system and we could find the top one per cent like them. Broadly speaking, creating clusters and segments is what we are all about.
How do you enable better targeting and segmentation using demographics?
We offer all the basic ways for demographics-slicing and dicing. The affinity could also be interest groups-people who like shopping or travel; we have created these interest groups based on the interactions on their home page. There's an infinite number of ways in which you can cut data. It's a challenge for companies because technology is ahead of companies.
How do you enable re-marketing?
You come to my website and look at something. I am re-targeting you with the same thing or something similar, about 30 seconds later. We have a product called Facebook Exchange, which does this well on desktops. Now, we have ways to do this on mobile, too. This is critical for e-commerce companies because in 70 per cent of the cases, carts are abandoned. If you haven't visited my site last week, I will come up with some offer. That is re-marketing.
Google has started offering more visual ad formats, which are giving good returns to advertisers-image ads or small display ads on email which, when clicked, offer full-page image ids. How have you responded to this?
We are not responding to Google. They are offering a great service, as are we. Retailers tell us this is complimentary. We push something called a link ad. For a long time, people were uploading pictures of products, particularly in fashion. We also have little links to their websites. On mobiles, you see a big picture and when you click on it, you go to the website and purchase it. Our goal is to see the content is very well targeted and the creative part is good.
E-commerce companies say Google has developed massive capacity of agencies in analytics, as well as platforms for reporting and analytics. Is this missing in the Facebook ecosystem?
We are working on something called the preferred marketing developer programme, an idea of developing an ecosystem of specialised agencies around us. They have been through a robust certification process and are at the disposal of our clients. They work on the ad front, creating and managing pages; they can help on apps.

Mahindra to buy stake in Peugeot s scooter businessMahindra to buy stake in Peugeot's scooter business
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Mahindra Two Wheelers (MTWL), the loss-making subsidiary of sport utility vehicle (SUV) market leader Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M), has made a binding offer to acquire 51 per cent stake in Peugeot Motorcycles (PMTC), the scooter company owned by France’s PSA Peugeot Citroen.
The Mumbai-based firm will pay euro 13 million (Rs 100 crore) for the stake, along with a commitment of euro 15 million (Rs  115 crore) for product development in the debt-free company. In return, MTWL will get access to the French company’s product technology and the opportunity to tap into Peugeot’s European footprints.
This is the first major acquisition by M&M in this segment after having entered the two-wheeler space through the acquisition of Kinetic Motor Company in 2008. With an accumulated loss of Rs 1,250 crore by the end of last year, resulting in an erosion of more than 50 per cent of its peak net worth, MTWL remains a potentially sick company. Through this deal, M&M is confident of giving its scooter play a boost, leveraging on the technology offered by Peugeot to effectively compete at home against scooter giant Honda, which controls 55 per cent of the domestic scooter market, and other rivals such as Hero MotoCorp and TVS Motors.
SHIFTING GEARS
Mahindra Two Wheelers  will pay euro 13 mn for the stake, along with a commitment of euro 15 mn  for product development in the debt-free firm
This is the first major acquisition by M&M in this segment after buying Kinetic Motor Company in 2008
Despite getting three board seats (one higher than Peugeot), M&M wants Peugeot’s management to continue steering the company. Peugeot will retain its premium branding even as M&M continues to focus on the high-volume mass market. Further, M&M has stated that it is not seeking to raise its stake beyond 51 per cent in Peugeot at this stage.
Peugeot has 13 product lines, seven engine capacities ranging from 50cc to 400cc, and two manufacturing plants, including a joint venture in China. Peugeot’s pricing (entry at euro 1,200 or Rs 93,000) is significantly higher than those offered by Mahindra (entry at Rs 33,760).
With sales of 79,000 units in 2013, Peugeot’s turnover at euro 99 million (Rs 762 crore) was the same as MTWL’s though the Indian company’s unit sales were twice the sales of the French company at 213,000 units.
Pawan Goenka, executive director of Mahindra & Mahindra, said: “Mahindra would offer access to the India market, mass market product technology and competence in marketing, while Peugeot brings the premium range, a strong European footprint and a globally recognised brand. This partnership would enable both MTWL and PMTC to speed up their international expansion by driving synergies and leveraging respective strengths of both parties.”
The two companies have agreed to work on four areas, brand building, global expansion, product development and synergies in purchasing. The two brands will remain independent and there will be no co-badging on products as well as in sales distribution. M&M would approach this deal on the same lines as it did with Korean SUV maker SsangYong.
While Europe remains an important market it presently accounts for just 2.2% of the world two-wheeler volumes. India and other south Asian market will form a part of the future target markets for expansion, M&M executives said. India accounts of 21% of the global two-wheeler volumes.
"There is a significant price gap between the two companies. Peugeot's products are too expensive for India. We will have to see if it makes sense to bring them here", added Goenka.
The deal which is subject to approval from Works Council consultation, which is a part of the employee dialogue process and anti-trust law, will be complete in three months. "Over the next six months we will decide on what products and which markets we need to explore. Peugeot's strength is its styling which we can leverage", said Rajesh Jejurikar, the Two Wheeler Division head.
Peugeot has 800 employees including 500 employees working in the China joint venture company. The company will undertake a restructuring exercise before the deal is complete. M&M has assured Peugeot's management that it wont initiate any restructuring work for two years after the stake buy-out.
After having closed an engine plant two years ago the scooter business for Peugeot had become a 'drag and a burden on the group', according to chief executive, Carlos Tavares, who took charge in March. The company had been exploring solutions for the beleaguered unit since several months. According to reports Peugeot's scooter business is yet to return to profit and has been posting losses for a decade.

Xi stance deters protest contagionXi Jinping’s hardline approach deters Hong Kong protest contagion
By Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/180936cc-4d35-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Global equity sell-off hits Asia boursesDovish Fed minutes bolster stocks
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7de901e6-4e9a-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Best B-Schools survey reveal campus dynamicsStory
India's Best B-Schools
The 2014 edition of Business Today's survey of India's top B-Schools, in partnership with MDRA, reveals campus dynamics.
Shamni Pande      Follow @ShamniPande Delhi   Edition: Oct 26, 2014
The Louis Kahn Plaza is seen in IIM-Ahmedabad campus (Source: http://www.iimahd.ernet.in/)
Hiring activity is the first giveaway of economic sentiment, and it has surged, unequivocally. The Manpower Employment Outlook Survey of 5,287 employers across India says that they expect vigorous hiring from October to December. This is certainly reassuring for those gearing up for the Common Entrance Test (CAT).
It is also one reason why Business Today's ranking of India's Best B-Schools, in association with MDRA, is slotted for this time of the year. This year, the BT-MDRA survey has ploughed deep by adding a critical sub-parameter of governance to present the data on 247 B-schools.
It helped us find the availability of members of governing board, academic advisory board and also ascertain if the members have interacted among themselves in the last one year. It also helped us throw light on the commission and omission in the course curriculum and teaching methodology in the last one year.
The pecking order of the top 10 B-schools remains largely intact with IIM Ahmedabad at the pole position. The institute has also put behind Indian School of Business (ISB) in our perception ranking survey that ranks the one-year Executive MBA programmes. Mumbai's S.P. Jain Institute of Management and Research (SPJMIR) gets into the top-five list for the first time.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best B-Schools 2014
Just in case you are wondering why some reputed schools are missing from the list, this time too institutes such as IIM Bangalore and Lucknow stayed away from the survey. Others that did not share their details include the Department of Management Studies of IIT Madras, IMT Ghaziabad and FORE School of Management.
Apart from the toppers's list, there is a lot to be read in the sub-text and parameters of the survey. For instance, when it comes to future orientation and learning, it is IIM-C and not IIM-A that is the numero uno and SPJMIR climbs further up the ladder here.
IIM Indore and IMI rank high, right after IIM-A on the learning parameter. Prin. L.N. Welingkar Institute of Management & Research, Mumbai, ranks ninth. Since bulk of the MBA aspirants join B-schools that rank between 20 and 100, BT has mined out a few surprising aspects of these institutions through campus profiles.
The report on better placements on campuses is case for cheer among students. Nearly four lakh students step into the job market out of the over 4,000 B-schools every year in India. The top 25 schools alone churn out up to 8,000 students every year. For hiring that ended in March 2013, IIM-A witnessed a rise of over 28 per cent in international job offers and 10 per cent in domestic offers. The sentiment was less upbeat earlier in the year on some campuses where hiring concluded early. "Early this year saw some apprehension as mood in Corporate India was not so great. Compensation remained flat this year; there was no big jump," says Rishikesha T. Krishnan, Director, IIM Indore.
Click here to Enlarge
Top recruiters were companies such as Deloitte, Boston Consulting Group, Cognizant, Wipro, ICICI Bank and Reliance Industries. E-commerce players too visited the B-school campuses with Amazon and Flipkart leading the pack. Flipkart hired close to 50 graduates from the IIMs and other top B-schools in 2014 as it plans to double its headcount to 25,000 by the middle of 2015.
"Hiring sentiment in B-schools has been better and more companies are expected to make offers as recruitment is picking up again. We expect salaries to go up by 8-10 per cent in the FMCG sector," says Sumit Mitra, Head, Group HR and Corporate Services, Godrej Industries and Associate Companies.
More Issues
However, better job offers still do not justify more IIMs, as has been announced in the Union Budget 2014/15. The six new IIMs of the total 13 are still struggling to take off. Even IIM-A has to deal with a unique set of issues. Ashish Nanda, who took charge as its director late last year, says change takes time. "A preformed template won't work and over the past few months my efforts have been to understand and learn from my colleagues. It has led to a three-pronged strategy: nurture, connect and grow," he says.
One of the challenges facing the IIMs is their inability to offer competitive salaries to faculty. "When I was a student of IIM-A, we had 400 students and 85 faculty members. Today, we have 1,000 students and 91 faculty members. So it's not grown commensurate with students," rues Nanda.
He says that the compensation level for Indian faculty is very low. "We need to top up the base compensation to attract and retain the best faculty. If we want world-class institutes, we have to offer the faculty world-class employment opportunities," he says.
However, there is a lot of room for more premier management institutes as the country will need 250 million skilled people in the next decade. Industry estimates show that approximately 142 million students would need higher education by 2030. Present day education institutions need to increase their intake by 40 million to serve at least 50 per cent of the demand.
Not all will opt for B-schools. But many need adequate skills as currently only a fifth of the students who graduate from various institutions are actually employable. This need, at the business education level, is now being addressed through distance learning programmes and newer management skilling institutes such as Bridge School of Management and Sunstone Business School that are pitching themselves as 'un-MBA'.
Management schools, meanwhile, have shaped up their curriculum to suit the new industry trends. And young managers too are scaling up their skills, not necessarily by cramming theories or through sabbaticals. They also have no desire to flash their college certificates. "I think such institutes capture the sweet spot in the job market. Even established institutes such as ISB are responding to the need," says Sandeep Kohli, National Director, HR, EY.
Kohli is referring to the ISB's general management curriculum crafted as EY programme. It is a 22-month course wherein working professionals need to be on campus only for a week in every quarter. The regular MBA for executives requires a full-year study on campus.
Meanwhile, many youngsters are looking at alternatives. Kriti Bansal, a 21-year-old graduate from Sriram College of Commerce, has in fact put off her plan for an MBA to gain work experience, after she got a job offer from consulting firm McKinsey. "I will consider options after two or three years and would like to pursue an MBA from one of the Ivy League institutes in the US," she says.
Tier-I colleges across metros have emerged as talent hubs as students manage to get job offers up to Rs 14 lakh a year. This is as good as what some of the B-school graduates get. Besides, recruiters too are seeking well-rounded talent. This is one reason MBA aspirants must calculate their return on investment before taking a call. The article Who Needs An MBA, Anyway? shows how the careers of an MBA graduate and a non-MBA student stack up.
IMI New Delhi: Rank 9. Led by former Director General Pritam Singh (front), IMI has climbed higher on the rankings chart. Photo: Aditya Kapoor
Well-rounded Candidates
Since 2012, Godrej has an initiative called Live Out Ur Dream or LOUD. It seeks to identify passionate and creative individuals to be a part of Godrej's future talent pool. "We want students who strongly believe in something and have interest outside the ambit of cracking modules for better grades," says Mitra of Godrej.
Thanks to this, Abhishek Iyer from SIBM Pune won  Rs 1.5 lakh as prize money last year. "I am passionate about football and my dream was to have my own show. I was able to execute it with the money," says Iyer, 23. Now, 'Football Focus with Abhishek' is available on YouTube.
EY too has scholarships aimed at discovering future leaders and it is seeking diversity in identifying deserving young women in humanities stream. "All this is important to build your brand on campuses as students are not fixating too hard only on salaries, but seek a learning environment," says Kohli.
ONE YEAR EXECUTIVE RANKINGS
Click here to Enlarge
Many B-schools are also finding it necessary to apply their own management and marketing lessons on themselves. Since 2012 when XLRI started its brand-building exercise, the batch size of its two-year management programme has gone up from 120 to 180 students last year. Similarly, the HR management batch strength has increased to 180 from this year.
The education sector is also witnessing the rise of institutions like Shiv Nadar University and the recently launched Ashoka University, which is offering humanities and a range of electives as a challenger to the value offered by MBAs.
Students such as Bansal are keeping their options open to study outside also because of the exposure and diversity. "Here classes have an overwhelming tilt towards engineers and many just aim for good grades and placement deals," says Jatin Bhandari, Founder, Pythagurus, a start-up that offers solutions to those seeking education abroad.
IIM Ahmedabad Rank 1. 'We need to top up the compensation to attract and retain the best faculty,' says Ashish Nanda, Director, IIM-A. Photo: Shailesh Raval
This is not the case about campuses abroad, where many actually do not reveal grades to recruiters as their focus is on getting students to strive harder. According to Bhandari, students in India often opt for electives that are easy to crack rather than those that will hone their skills but are difficult to score on. "Campuses outside stress on diversity and launch complex algorithms to ensure that each section has a mix of student profiles," he says. That is also why many B-schools here are rushing with open arms for tie-ups with well-known campuses.
The workforce diversity is also set to increase with many people from the armed forces joining the corporate world. Also many bureaucrats are signing up for an MBA and quitting the civil services.
Finally, campuses are about lasting memories of fun, bonhomie, building future banks of network and even campus romance that have led to life-long partnership of a different kind.
* An earlier version of the story had misspelt 'Luis Kahn Plaza' in the lead image's caption. It has now been corrected.

Haryana: Modi to campaign in Hooda s stronghold Rohtak today6
0
Rohtak: On the campaign trail ahead of the assembly elections, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address a rally in Rohtak which is the stronghold of Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda. Rohtak is also the constituency that withstood the Modi wave during the Lok Sabha elections earlier this year in which the BJP swept 7 out of 10 seats in the state.
PM Modi will also address 3 other rallies in Haryana today. Mahendragarh, Sonipat and Jagadhri today. Meanwhile, Cong Vice President Rahul Gandhi will also address three public rallies in the state
From the days of former chief ministers Bansi Lal to Bhajan Lal and more successfully, the clan of Devi Lal, dynasties have run Haryana for decades. In the last 10 years, it has been Bhupender Singh Hooda who has ruled the state. In 2014, where Haryana was hit by the Modi wave, only Hooda's home turf Rohtak survived.
Rohtak is the constituency that withstood the Modi wave during the Lok Sabha elections in which the BJP swept 7 out of 10 seats in the state.
#rohtak #narendra modi #haryana assembly elections 2014 #bjp
Many owe it to the lopsided development that Rohtak has witnessed. The HUDA City Park opened just 20 days before the elections is just one of the many examples. A 4-time MP from Rohtak since 1991 and twice Haryana's Chief Minister since 2005, Hooda has reportedly pumped 15,000 crores into Rohtak in the last decade.
After earlier CMs favored their home turfs, senior citizens believe it was Rohtak's turn. Congress wave in this election in Jhajhar, Sonepat and Rohtak. "There has been development on large scale in infrastructure, education, etc. Other parties have put irrelevant allegations against Hooda about land deals and Robert Vadra. Bhupinder is the best CM," the residents said claiming that allegations against Hooda have not yet been proved.
Locals also say that INLD's claim cannot be denied. "In some areas, INLD is strong. Hooda has brought all round development to the community," they say.
However, in rural Rohtak, the reasons for loyalty to Hooda are more personal. The sarpanch of Sanghi village says with pride that 500 government jobs were provided to the village by 'Bhai Hooda'. Haryana's most favored village also gets 24 hour electricity.
Even though he may be optimistic about Rohtak, retaining the rest of Haryana will be the real challenge for Hooda.
9

UN asks India  Pakistan to resolve issues through talksUN asks India, Pakistan to resolve issues through talks
PTI
Tweet
United Nations, Oct 8:  
Amid escalation of ceasefire violations along the Line of Control, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki moon has asked India and Pakistan to resolve their issues diplomatically and through dialogue.
“The Secretary-General would call on both countries to resolve their issues diplomatically and through discussions,” Ban’s spokesperson Stephane Dujarric told reporters yesterday in response to a question on whether the UN chief can play a role in bringing about peace between the two countries.
In escalating ceasefire violations that continued last night, Pakistani troops targeted over 40 border out posts and 25 border hamlets with heavy mortar shells in Jammu sector and LoC areas in Poonch district, leaving 12 people injured.
It came a day after five villagers were killed and 34 injured in one of the worst ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
Meanwhile, Pakistan has also lodged a protest with India on the alleged ceasefire violations and has even approached the UN Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP) office over the situation.
India has however always maintained that UNMOGIP has “outlived its relevance” and has “no role to play whatsoever“.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

L&T Tech Services to buy Dells Engg Services bizL&T Tech close to buying Dell Engg Services biz
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 8:  
L&T Technology Services, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro, moved a step closer to acquiring the assets of the engineering division of Dell Engineering Services, with the Competition Commission of India according its approval for the transaction.
US regulatory approvals are still awaited, which L&T said will happen shortly. L&T expects to close the deal this quarter. The company, however, did not reveal the financial details of the proposed transaction.
Move to consolidate
The acquisition will enable L&T Technology to consolidate its position as preferred vendor in the $4-billion transportation engineering research and development market, L&T said.
Headquartered in Peoria, Illinois, Dell Engineering Services has over 15 years of extensive experience in mechanical design and analysis, embedded engineering, applied engineering and manufacturing consulting across multiple industries.
Broader portfolio
The acquisition will also help L&T Technology leverage the customer base and complementary capabilities of Dell Engineering Services along with its own broader portfolio of embedded and PLM (product lifecycle management) solutions, supported by a global sales force. Keshab Panda, Chief Executive of L&T Technology Services, said: “This is a tremendous opportunity for us to have a strong local presence in North America where a majority of our clients are based.”
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

BJP asks Hooda govt why it cleared Vadra deal in hasteThe party also questioned why the state government “shied away” from approaching the high court but indulged in “breach of hierarchy” in clearing the deal.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 1:17 am
A day after PM Narendra Modi attacked the Congress leadership over a land deal between Congress chief Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law Robert Vadra and real estate firm DLF, the BJP on Tuesday questioned why the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government in Haryana showed “undue haste” in clearing the deal.
The party also questioned why the state government “shied away” from approaching the high court but indulged in “breach of hierarchy” in clearing the deal. “Knowing very well that a non-corrupt government is going to take over in Haryana post-October 19, the corrupt dispensation of Haryana appeared to have acted in haste… the land, the mutation of which was in dispute, has been legitimised and handed over as a parting gift to the damaad of the Congress first family…,” BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said.
On October 6, The Indian Express had reported that the Congress government officially legitimised the land deal between Vadra and DLF on July 16 despite objections from the state’s former director general, Consolidation, Ashok Khemka, who had cancelled the mutation of the land in Gurgaon. Following this, Modi, at a rally on Monday, alleged that there could have been pressure on the Hooda government from the Congress leadership to give the clearance before going out of power.
“Why did the Haryana government shy away from going to the higher appealing authority, the high court? Why was the government in an absolute haste to solve the problem before a particular date even when the two parties involved had no grievance?” Patra asked.
Congress hits back, calls Modi a ‘habitual liar’
A day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi asked the Election Commission (EC) to take “serious note” of the Haryana government’s decision to clear a land deal between Robert Vadra and real estate firm DLF, the Congress hit back on Tuesday, calling the PM a “habitual liar”.
While the Congress did not deny that the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government officially legitimised the land deal between Vadra and DLF, it argued that “the work” was done before July 16, well before the model code of conduct came into effect in the state on September 12.
“In politics, sometimes people give wrong statements. But if the PM behaves like a habitual liar, it should be condemned… The PM has made such a wrong statement on the basis of a newspaper report not just to hoodwink and cheat the people of Haryana but also to mislead the EC,” AICC spokesperson Shakeel Ahmad said.
“The PM says the EC should take note of the work which has been completed before July 16 and see whether the code of conduct, which came into effect on September 12, has been violated. Such lies are continued…

Flipkart s biggest sale disappoints most online shoppersFlipkart's biggest sale disappoints most online shoppers
By TNN | 7 Oct, 2014, 10.14AM IST
Social media posts on Flipkart's pricing strategy went viral, as some of the products on the website were put on a dynamic pricing mechanism.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: By the time India's largest discount sale by Flipkart got over by Monday evening, most online shoppers were flipped out with disappointment.
Eighteen-year-old animation student Saurav woke up by 8 am on Monday to order a 32-inch Sony Bravia TV, expecting a huge discount on Flipkart. While Flipkart kept its word and offered 50% off (including an exchange bonus), Saurav's experience with India's biggest online merchant was a bitter one.
Saurav got a message at around 6 pm from Flipkart saying his order has been cancelled. Interestingly, his online order history on the website had also been deleted. On Flipkart's official Facebook page, Shivam Shukla, another online shopper, posted: "You people removed my whole order history with my recently ordered item. Do you have any shame? Along with that there is no email or SMS."
Similarly, many such stories of dissatisfaction were trending on social media throughout the day — a day when Flipkart launched its biggest marketing initiative, 'The Big Billion Day' sale. For an e-commerce player that has built an eye-popping valuation of $7 billion by gaining the trust of a rapidly evolving Indian consumer, Flipkart saw an unexpected outcry of negative publicity, which has never been witnessed till now.
Social media posts on Flipkart's pricing strategy went viral, as some of the products on the website were put on a dynamic pricing mechanism, which is unheard of during traditional offline retail sales periods. For instance, a Canon Pixma printer at 9 am cost Rs 3,500 on Flipkart. Six hours later, it was retailing at double the price.
Tweeted an online shopper: "Fraud flipkart. Puma running shoes used to be 1799 and now after 55% discount it is 1800." The e-tailer was also accused of marking up prices before the sale. On Facebook, Flipkart's official page flipkart.com got hundreds of comments from disgruntled users on every post about a new offer. Some even posted screenshots of the same products available at different prices.
Posted Meenakshi Swarnkar: "Well this is no BIG Billion day... any product listed on steal deal were never available and they go out of stock at exactly 8:00 am... Flipkart, do u think people are ever going to believe in you?"
In response, a Flipkart executive cited technical glitches. "We have had over a billion hits today. Things can go wrong," the executive said. However, leading up to the sale, Flipkart founders Sachin and Binny Bansal had sent out personal mailers to shoppers informing them that Flipkart had beefed up its logistics in anticipation of record orders.
"Philips 24 LED Flipkart rate - Rs 11490/- Market rate -Rs 11500/- Effective Discount Rs 10/-," tweeted a shopper.
(With inputs from Kim Arora)
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Gauri Khan s BIGGEST secrets revealed!Photo uploaded by Piyali Bannerjee
on Oct 07, 2011 , 04:57 pm
22546 Views  |  8  Comments  |  
Gauri Khan is definitely an incredibly lucky girl. Image courtesy: Procured via google search
Gauri Khan is definitely an incredibly lucky girl. Image courtesy: Procured via google search

Costly sanitation campaigns  but very little to show for itUpdated: October 8, 2014 15:31 IST
India’s sanitation campaigns have cost 40 times Mars mission budget
Ajai Sreevatsan
The Hindu India has spent over $3 billion on constructing toilets across the country since 1986.
TOPICS
government
Since 1986, India has spent over $3 billion on constructing toilets across the country, figures from the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation show.
Despite such massive investments, India’s sanitation campaigns over the years have unfortunately yielded limited results. India continues to have the largest number of people who defecate in the open. Even poorer countries in the neighbourhood, such as Bangladesh and Nepal, have improved sanitation coverage faster and surpassed India in the last two decades – by all accounts, at a fraction of the cost.
The Indian government is now gearing up to spend an additional $31 billion (Rs.1.9 lakh crore) over the next five years through the Swachh Bharat mission. But experts warn that it could turn into another money wasting exercise. “Just the name of the programme is being changed without bothering to change how it is implemented,” says Nitya Jacob of WaterAid.
100 million toilets
The Swachh Bharat mission would place overwhelming emphasis on constructing toilets, with plans afoot to build over a 100 million of them in rural areas alone in the next five years. But if prior experience is anything to go by, many of them would either not be built or not used. Unofficial studies like the SQUAT survey, which was done in five northern States, show that in at least 40 per cent of households with a newly built toilet, a member of the family was still defecating in the open. Cultural conditioning and tradition were some of the reasons for poor adoption, the survey found.
Despite strong evidence that shows constructing toilets alone is not enough, Swachh Bharat would carry forward the hardware-led solution that has been repeatedly tried by governments in the past.
Under the new programme, the allocation meant for changing behaviour and attitudes is actually being cut from the existing 15 per cent to 8 per cent, says Mr. Jacob. “The same practice of constructing toilets which nobody will use and nobody will want is going to continue,” he says.
Big spenders
Contrary to expectation, the proposal also makes no allocation for post-implementation audit, Mr.Jacob says. “The government doesn’t seem to have learnt anything from the previous 30 years of dysfunctional investment.”
Government figures claim that over 97 million household toilets were constructed using public money since 2001 alone. A further nine million were constructed under the Central Rural Sanitation Program that ran from 1986 to 1999.
States such as Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Bihar, which have the worst sanitation indicators, also spent the most amount of money over the last 15 years. Uttar Pradesh alone accounted for nearly a fifth of all the money that was spent on this count since 2001. The State was one of the few that consistently managed to spend over 90 per cent of the allocated money every year.
“Constructing toilets has become a business,” says Kamal Kar of the Community-led Total Sanitation initiative. He points to Nepal and Bangladesh, which have had a measure of success without spending so much money, as better models.
People’s choice
In both countries, people were allowed to choose the toilet technology that works for them, instead of a government committee deciding it on their behalf. Latrine reviews in the house of a prospective spouse became common, women were included in the community committees that decided the type and location of toilets, and social pressure from school children was used to transform families. Toilet construction was a minor part of the whole programme.
That is why, Mr.Kar says, the Indian government should stop counting the latrines it builds and start counting the reduction in hospital visits. “States with the worst outcomes spending the most money is unacceptable.”

Sesa Sterlite expects Goa iron ore mining to resume early next yearHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sesa Sterlite expects Goa iron ore mining to resume early next year
Reuters
Tweet
NEW DELHI, Oct 8:  
India's Sesa Sterlite Ltd said iron ore mining in the state of Goa may resume by January to February, a later-than-expected start that will restrict the country's exports of the steel-making raw material to the lowest level in decades.
Sesa is India's top private iron ore mining company with most of its operations in Goa, the biggest iron ore exporting state where no mining has taken place since September 2012 due to action against illegal mining.
"Based on recent public comments by the government of Goa, it's now probably realistic to assume mining to start by January to February at the earliest," Tom Albanese, chief executive of Vedanta Resources that controls Sesa, told Reuters in an email late on Tuesday.
This indicates a four- to five-month delay versus initial expectations for a restart in September.
Albanese added that India's high export duty amid record low prices for iron ore was an "economic barrier to mining".
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Markets range bound; Nifty hovers around 7 850Markets range bound; Nifty hovers around 7,850
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 10:30 AM IST
Benchmark indices continued to trade in a narrow range after the first hour of trade as losses in IT and pharma stocks capped impressive gains in L&T and ITC shares.
At 10.30 AM, Sensex is trading at 26,243  with a loss of  28  points while Nifty is trading at 7,841 with a loss of 10 points.
In the broader market, BSE Mid cap is down 0.1%  and Small cap is flat.
The market breadth is positive with 1071 advance against 972 declines.
manwhile, IMF has increased India's growth projection for FY15 to 5.6% from 5.4%, while cutting global growth forecast from 3.4% to 3.3%
Rupee is holding steady and is trading at 61.43 against US Dollar. The weakness in the domestic stock markets are offset by the positive growth forecast for India from the International Monetary Fund.
 
Asian markets are trading lower on Wednesday amid growth concerns in China. Further, China's services sector growth slipped in September as new business cooled, a private survey showed on Wednesday, reinforcing signs of a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy. The services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
Shares in Japan are down on the back of a stronger yen. The benchmark Nikkei is down 1.3%. Hang Seng has slipped 0.7% while shares in Shanghai Index  is trading with a gain of 0.3%. Further, Straits Times is  down 0.4%.
Among sectors, BSE IT is the biggest loser declining around 2.5% while Healthcare has lost around 1.5%. Shares of information technology (IT) and pharmaceutical companies are under pressure, falling by upto 3% after the International Monetary Fund (IMF) cut its outlook for global growth. BSE Bankex, Capital Gods and OIl & Gas have gained close to 0.5%.
L&T is biggest gainer with surging around 2%. Competition Commission has cleared L&T Technology Services' proposed acquisition of IT company Dell International Services India certain assets related to engineering services business.
ITC and Tata Motors are other big gainers with advances around 1%.
Bank shares are in demand with SBI leading the pack with 1.2% gains. Axis Bank, HDFC bank and ICICI Bank have gained 0.4-0.7% each. Finance Secretary had earlier declared government's intention to allow Public Sector banks to tap markets to procure funds required for the aditional capital under Basel III.
Maruti Suzuki has gained 0.3%. Maruti Suzuki India has  announced that the company's production rose 26.17% to 1.16 lakh units in September 2014 over September 2013.
Infosys has lost around 3%.  Investors will keenly watch Infosys' commentary regarding changes in its strategy under the new CEO, Dr. Vishal Sikka, when the company unveils its Q2 September 2014 results on Friday.
Pharma stocks are under pressure after 14 generic drug manufacturers were asked to submit detailed information related to price hikes in the US. Sun Pharma has lost around 2% while Dr Reddy and Cipla have lost moe than 2.5%.
___________________________________
(Updated at 9:45AM)
After a nervous start tracking weakness in global peers, the markets continue to trade range-bound with marginal gains.
At 9:45am with the S&P BSE Sensex hovering at 26,233 levels while the CNX NIfty is trading at 7835 levels.
In the broader market, BSE Mid cap and Small Cap are trading with loss of about 0.2%
Market breadth is marginally positive with 836 advances against 819 declines.
Among Sensex stocks, Dr Reddy's Laboratories, Sesa Sterlite, Sun Pharma, Cipla, Infosys, Hindalco and Tata Steel are aomng the top losers that slipped between 0.9 - 2.5%. On the other hand, Larsen and Toubro, NTPC, ONGC, Mahindra and Mahindra, ITC and Hindustan Lever have moved up between 0.7 - 1.3%.
"The Sensex has to cross and hold above 26,500-26,555 zone to see the up move towards 26750 levels. On downside immediate support exists at 26,250-26,200 and below that profit booking may drag the index towards psychological 26,000 levels," points out a report from Anand Rathi Research.
Later in the day market movement is likely to get affected by the minutes of the Forward Open Market Committee's last policy meeting.
“The global correction that is happening is finally catching up with Indian markets. There are worries regarding global liquidity, with the US stimulus programme ending and talks of an interest rate hike,” said Hemant Kanawala, head of equity, Kotak Life Insurance.
The WEO however, is bullish on the growth outlook of India. It revised growth forecasts of India for this financial year from 5.4% to 5.6% while attributing its new stance to  the favourable policies of the National Democratic Alliance government. Next year forecast remains at 6.4%.
“India has recovered from its relative slump and, thanks in part to policy and a renewal of confidence, growth is expected to exceed five per cent again,” IMF chief economist Olivier Blanchard said in a statement released by the Fund on Tuesday.
Global markets
Asian markets were trading lower on Wednesday amid growth concerns in China. Further, China's services sector growth slipped in September as new business cooled, a private survey showed on Wednesday, reinforcing signs of a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy. The services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
Shares in Japan were down on the back of a stronger yen. The benchmark Nikkei was down 1.5%. Hang Seng slipped 0.8% while shares in mainland China were trading marginally lower. Further, Straits Times was down 0.5%.
US stock ended lower on Tuesday amid growth concerns in Germany industrial output in August slumped to 4%, the highest fall in 5 1/2 years. The Dow Jones ended down 272 points at 16,719.39, the broader S&P 500 slipped 30 points to close at 1,935.10 and the tech-laden Nasdaq ended down 70 points at 4,385.20
Sector and Stocks
BSE Health, IT and Teck are the biggest losers with declines around 1.5% while BSE Capital goods and FMCG have gained the most.
Pharma stocks are under pressure after 14 generic drug manufacturers were asked to submit detailed information related to price hikes in the US.
Sun Pharma,Dr Reddy  and Cipla have lost around 2% to 3%.
L&T is up aound 1.7%.On Tuesday, the infra major had bagged a  a contract worth Rs 1600 Crores from UP governmnent.
M&M is gainig around 1%. Market analysts have termed the finacial impacts of its deal with Peugeot to be limited and atleast  not imminent.
Despite decline in global crude prices ONGC shares are up 1%. The company's wholly owned subsidiary ONGC Videsh reaffirmed its interests in Iranian Farsi offshore block, now named Binaloud.
Among other shares,  National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) is trading higher by nearly 2% in early morning deals on National Stock Exchange (NSE) after the company said it has received constructions order worth of Rs 338 crore from IIT Kanpur.

Reliance Aerospace & Punj Lloyd bag defence ...Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Aerospace and Punj Lloyd bag defence deals
By Sidhartha, TNN | 8 Oct, 2014, 11.14AM IST
0
Share More
An official statement said that a committee had cleared 19 proposals from several large Indian corporate houses - including the Tatas, Mahindra & Bharat Forge - to bag licences for defence manufacturing.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: A small change in foreign investment rules-by doing away with minimum 51% holding by a single Indian entity in a defence venture-has helped Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Aerospace and Punj Lloyd bag licences that they had been waiting for.
While increasing the foreign direct investment (FDI) cap for defence to 49%, the government did away with the clause that had been in the policy for years, as part of a strategy to attract investment in local manufacturing units. In special cases, 100% FDI has been allowed. The earlier rule did not allow Reliance Aerospace to get the licences to manufacture weapon launchers for combat aircraft as the promoters hold 45.3% in Reliance Industries . Similarly, the promoters of Punj Lloyd together have a 37% stake, which restricted a wholly owned subsidiary's ability to bag licences to manufacture torpedoes, rocket launchers and combat vehicle, sources familiar with the development told TOI.
While the government did not disclose any details, an official statement said that a committee had cleared 19 proposals from several large Indian corporate houses - including the Tatas, Mahindra and Bharat Forge - to bag licences for defence manufacturing.
In at least 14 other cases, the government has informed companies that licences are no longer required. These included Tata Advanced System's proposal to manufacture aircraft and spacecraft components, Mahindra Aerostructure, which wants to make parts of aircraft and Reliance Aerospace's flight control system manufacturing plans. Even before FDI rules were changed, the department of industrial policy and promotion had reduced the number of items in the defence sector that need licences and freed dual-use items, such as radars and aircraft components that have civilian use too, from licensing requirement.
For years, the defence ministry has frowned upon the entry of the private sector into the arena even as it had relied on imports, often involving middlemen. In fact, during UPA's term in office, the commerce and industry ministry's plea to increase the FDI cap for the sector was repeatedly blocked by A K Antony, the then defence minister . In recent months, however, the mood has changed as the department of defence production has backed private and foreign capital in local ventures.
Now, the government is working on further easing the rules, including doing away with annual capacity ceiling in industrial licences and also permit of sale of licensed items to other entities under the control of the home ministry, state governments, PSUs and other valid defence licensed companies without approval.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Top 5 stocks which can return upto 53% | Sensex @ 11: top 15 stocksYou are here: Home > Collections > Cagr
Markets on tenterhooks; top five hidden gems which can give upto 53% return in next 6-12 months
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 10.51AM IST
(With foreign institutional…)
NEW DELHI: After rallying over 25 per cent so far in the year 2014, the benchmark index witnessed some bit of profit booking last month with the Sensex falling 56 points for the month of September.
With foreign institutional investors (FIIs) shying away from taking long bets in the Indian markets, the picture does not look very attractive for the month of October as well.
FIIs' net buying continued, though the run rate has come down to $1bn in the past two months compared to $2.2bn in the previous five months beginning March 2014, ICICI Securities said in a report.
After breaking out of the 7450-7800 range in August 2014, the Nifty consolidated in September 2014 as global events dominated the Indian markets. Domestic issues such as coal block de-allocation and fading hopes of a rate hike in 2015 kept the markets under pressure last month.
For this month, the market is likely to remain volatile as India Inc starts declaring results for the quarter ended September 30 later this week.
"I guess the triggers that are there in the form of the election outcome, which will decide both the pace and the quantum of the gas price hike, will keep the market on tenterhooks which will potentially gap any meaningful upside," said P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS, Angel Broking.
"I would also assume that since global cues are not really very exciting, even the foreign investors might be a little cautious about pumping in additional money into the Indian markets," he added.
Sekhar is of the view that it will be more or less very event-specific and since it is a truncated month, the trading interest will also be on the sidelines. So this is classic market which will give you opportunities on individual stocks to be bought on declines.
Given the fact that the markets are likely to remain range-bound, analysts recommend investors to look at stock-specific opportunities.
We have collated a list of five stocks where brokerages have initiated coverage in the last 15 days. These stocks can give up to 53% return in the next 6-12 months:
FDC Ltd: Target price set at Rs 210; Rating BUY
Centrum initiates coverage on FDC with a buy recommendation and price target of Rs 210, based on 16x Sept 16E EPS of Rs 12.8.
FDC is a pioneer in anti-infective, Oral Rehydration Salts (ORS) and ophthalmology segments with well-known brands in the domestic market. The company's top 15 brands contribute 59 per cent to its revenues and grew at 12.3 per cent against the industry growth of 9.7 per cent.
FDC has achieved 11%CAGR in revenues, 16%CAGR in EBIDTA and 12%CAGR in net profit over the past 10 years. The brokerage firm expects FDC to achieve revenues/EBITDA/net profit CAGR of 14%/18%/16% over the next three years.
Mangalam Cement Ltd: Target price set at Rs 337
Mangalam Cement (MCL), a BK Birla group company having its plant in Rajasthan, has expanded its cement capacity by 1.25mtpa (increase of 63%) to 3.25mtpa (as of end-FY2014).
The company sells three types of cement products -- OPC grade 43, OPC grade 53 and PPC -- under the brand name Birla Uttam cement.
Angel Broking expects MCL to report a healthy 21.8 per cent volume CAGR over FY2014-16E on the back of improved outlook for cement demand (also MCL's production in FY2014 was lower due to plant shutdown for a few months for up-gradation, leading to lower base).
At the current market price, the stock is trading at EV/tonne of $49 (on its 3.25mtpa installed capacity), which is at a large discount to its midcap peers (The peers like India Cement, JK cement, JK lakshmi and Ramco Cement are trading at EV/tonne of $70, $75, $120 and $121, respectively).
 
CMC Ltd: Target price set at Rs 2800
CMC Limited (CMC), a 51 per cent subsidiary of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), is a leading systems engineering and integration company offering application design, development, testing services and asset-based solutions in niche segments through turnkey projects for mission critical systems.
SBICap Securities believes that the company a) is an astute proxy play on the recent eGovernance spending vigour; b) is naturally endowed with a not-so-distant government lineage; c) benefits from the strong TCS parentage; d) is poised to reap benefits from its industry-specific asset-based solutions strategy, and e) has a compelling valuation PEG of 0.77x.
Though the stock has surged over 25 per cent since the announcement of GoI's Digital India initiative, the brokerage firm is enthused by the huge opportunity on the anvil. They have initiated coverage on CMC with a buy recommendation with the Mar'16 target price of Rs2,800.
Sanghi Industries Ltd: Target price set at Rs 90
Sanghi Industries Ltd is a strong brand with market leadership in Gujarat (12% market share, 1,500 dealers) and a focus on Maharashtra's coastal region. The company sells 80 per cent of its cement in Gujarat, with smaller quantities sold in Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Rajasthan.

Infosys cracks 3% as Citi downgrades stock to  neutral  from  buy  ahead of Q2 resultsYou are here: Home > Collections > Citigroup
Infosys slips after Citi downgrades stock ahead of results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 01.02PM IST
Tags:
Analyst Recommendation
(Infosys Ltd plunged as much…)
NEW DELHI: Infosys Ltd plunged as much as 4.88 per cent in trade on Wednesday, after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "buy." However, they have increased the 12-month target price to Rs 4065 from Rs 3875 earlier.
Infosys has outperformed the market by 10 per cent post the 1Q results and the stock is now trading at 17x 1-year forward earnings. The IT major is scheduled to report its results for the quarter ended September 30 on Friday.
"The company has done well on the cost initiatives and a new management team is in now in place - these positives are adequately discounted in the multiple and consistent pick-up may not be easy - post the rerating, we downgrade to Neutral," said the global investment bank.
At 12:03 p.m, Infosys was trading 3.9 per cent lower at Rs 3681. It hit a low of Rs 3667.10 and a high of Rs 3800 in trade today.
Citigroup expects Infosys to deliver 3.2 per cent QoQ revenue growth, decent in the context of the volatility the company has faced in the past many quarters. The upper end of the FY guidance may be revised lower given the cross-currency movements.
"We expect margins to improve 80 bps due to INR depreciation and lower visa costs qoq. Comments on any strategic changes by the new CEO would be a key investor focus," said the report.
The global investment bank has revised estimates marginally by 5%, incorporating revised currency forecasts (Rs61/$ now vs Rs59.5/$ earlier) and some changes to our revenue/margin assumptions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

United Nations asks India  Pakistan to resolve their issues through dialogueOct 08, 2014 at 10:40am IST
United Nations asks India, Pakistan to resolve their issues through dialogue
34
0
United Nations: Amid escalation of ceasefire violations along the Line of Control, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki moon has asked India and Pakistan to resolve their issues diplomatically and through dialogue.
"The Secretary-General would call on both countries to resolve their issues diplomatically and through discussions," Ban's spokesperson Stephane Dujarric told reporters on Tuesday in response to a question on whether the UN chief can play a role in bringing about peace between the two countries.
In escalating ceasefire violations that continued last night, Pakistani troops targeted over 40 Border Out Posts and 25 border hamlets with heavy mortar shells in Jammu sector and LoC areas in Poonch district, leaving 12 people injured. It came a day after five villagers were killed and 34 injured in one of the worst ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
In escalating ceasefire violations that continued last night, Pakistani troops targeted over 40 Border Out Posts and 25 border hamlets with heavy mortar shells in Jammu sector and LoC areas in Poonch district, leaving 12 people injured.
Meanwhile, Pakistan has also lodged a protest with India on the alleged ceasefire violations and has even approached the UN Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP) office over the situation.
18

Air Force celebrates 82nd Foundation Day  Group Captain Sachin Tendulkar attends ceremonyAir Force celebrates 82nd Foundation Day, Group Captain Sachin Tendulkar attends ceremony
CNN-IBN | Oct 08, 2014 at 10:33am
The Indian Air Force is celebrating its 82nd Foundation Day with a grand ceremony at the Hindon Air Force Station. The star attraction was cricketer Sachin Tendulkar who attended the ceremony along with his wife. A few years ago Sachin was conferred with the IAF honorary rank of Group Captain. IAF pilots carried out a grand parade and an air show in honour of the event.
The cleanup in cricket has started today: Lalit Modi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Yahoo lays off hundreds of employees in IndiaOct 08, 2014 at 10:11am IST
Yahoo lays off hundreds of employees in India
35
1
San Francisco: Yahoo is reducing the size of its operations in Bangalore, India, the Internet company's largest engineering facility outside its California headquarters.
The company said in a statement on Tuesday it was consolidating "certain teams into fewer offices" in Bangalore, but that it would continue to have a presence there.
The move comes more than a week after activist investor Starboard Value LP publicly pressured Yahoo to cut what it referred to as a "bloated" cost structure.
Yahoo is reducing the size of its operations in Bangalore, India, the Internet company's largest engineering facility outside its California headquarters.
#yahoo #engineering operations #lay off #job cuts
Yahoo, a one-time Internet pioneer, is trying to revive stagnant revenue growth under the leadership of Marissa Mayer, who took the helm as Chief Executive two years ago.
Mayer has weighed layoffs in Bangalore since early in her tenure, people familiar with the matter previously told Reuters.
Yahoo had roughly 2,000 employees in Bangalore in March 2013, according to the sources. At the time, Mayer was weighing bringing certain jobs in India back to Sunnyvale, California, to unite more of Yahoo's product development at the home base, one of the sources said at the time.
"As we ensure that Yahoo is on a path of sustainable growth, we're looking at ways to achieve greater efficiency, collaboration and innovation across our business," Yahoo's statement on Tuesday said.
Shares of Yahoo were down 1.1 per cent at $41.04 in midday trading on Tuesday.
245

Life  death and more in VaranasiBigg Boss 8
The City of Life, Death and Everything Else
Varanasi is certainly not for the faint-hearted. It takes either thirst for adventure or passion for the divine to dive headlong into this city
By Yahoo! India Travel
Share 0
Yahoo Lifestyle/Getty Images - The skyline of old palaces and Ghats in the dawn at the Ganges river in the holy city of Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, India . Varanasi, also known as Benares or Kashi, is the oldest … more  continuously inhabited city and one of the holiest Hindu cities in India. (Photo by EyesWideOpen/Getty Images)   less 
By Alka Pratap
The fragrance of incense mixes with the odour of garbage, the cobbled streets are painted red with paan, and the sadhu’s chant is interrupted by a buffalo’s bellow. That’s Varanasi for you. One of the oldest cities in the world, it is as famous for temples and culture as it is infamous for filth, trash and other such unsavoury items.
Varanasi is certainly not for the faint-hearted. It takes either thirst for adventure or passion for the divine to dive headlong into this city. Even its name epitomizes its multifarious nature. Varanasi isn’t just Varanasi. In ancient times it was Kashi, the city of light. It is also called Banaras, referring to the juice (ras) of life. For Shiva devotees, it is Avimukta, the land that will never be forsaken by him. For spiritual seekers it is Anandvana, the forest of bliss. For the old and dying, it is Mahasmashana, the great crematorium where death is a pathway to mukti or deliverance. And of course, for democratic India, it is the Prime Minister’s VIP constituency.
View of a Varanasi ghat
The most unique aspects of Varanasi are the burning ghats, where corpses are cremated on the banks of the Ganga. Yogis, thrill-seekers and the just plain curious make a beeline to the most well known of them, Manikarnika. For me, the undeniable fact of life that I was mortal had somehow escaped me – until I visited this place. It was not so much the corpses and pyres that affected me. It was the almost casual way in which death was dealt with by the caretakers here that imprinted itself into my bones. To think that my death could be no more than a business transaction for someone was a very sobering thought that put my life in perspective.
After my curiosity was more than satisfied at Manikarnika, I headed to the Vishwanath Temple. One of the 12 Jyotirlingas, the temple is among the most important in Varanasi. It is dedicated to Lord Shiva as Vishwanath, the “Lord of All.” The Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb destroyed the original temple in the 17th century and built a mosque on the site. Rani Ahalya Bai, queen of Indore, built the current temple, which stands next to the mosque, in 1776. This chequered history leaves its legacy on today’s Varanasi. Anyone entering the temple has to go through multiple security checks and pat-downs.
Description Toggle

Markets range bound; Sensex trading at 26KHi Guest
Markets end flat; Infosys slumps 5% on downgrade
Benchmark shares indices ended lower, amid choppy trades, for the third straight session with IT shares declining the most led by Infosys amid reports of downgrade by global financial services major Citigroup. The 30-share Sensex ended down 25 points at 26,247 and the 50-share Nifty closed 10 points lower at 7,843. The Indian rupee was trading tad higher against the US dollar at Rs 61.38 compared to the previous close of Rs 61.43. Indian economy is likely to grow by 6.4% in 2015-16 compared ...

IISc develops system to deliver drugs to individual cellsIISc develops system to deliver drugs to individual cells
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 8:  
A system to package and deliver drugs to each cell of human body, depending on its needs, has been developed at the Indian Institute of Science (IISc).
The “Nanocapsules”, made from a special type of material, can now deliver drugs right inside cancer-affected cells in the body, says a Gubbi Labs release.
“Drug delivery systems” are mechanisms that can be programmed to release drug molecules at targeted cells in the body, using physiological cues present in the body itself.
The major hurdle has been that as these local cues are not consistent between cells; one needs systems that respond to multiple such cues.
Ashok M Raichur, Dipshikha Chakravortty and their team of scientists at IISc Bangalore, have demonstrated one of the very few systems that can respond to multiple cues.
There are three ideal characteristics that a drug delivery system should have — the entire drug molecule should be encapsulated, which would prevent its premature release or degradation; it should carry the drug safely — and specifically — to the target site; and at the target site, it should release the drug molecules using the local physiological cues available.
Hollow nanocapsules were fabricated from special materials called biopolymers, which are materials that do not react with body tissues.
These nanocapsules contain components that can respond to local cues integrated in the walls. To avoid premature release of the drug, the walls are cross-linked; this sort of architecture gives scope to load large amounts of drugs into the capsule.
The wall structure also makes it possible for a small amount of local cues, like enzymes, to trigger the release of a large number of drug molecules.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Symantec may split into twoSymantec may split into two
Reuters
If it goes ahead with the breakup, Symantec would join technology companies that are spinning off operations in an attempt to become more agile and capitalise on faster-growing businesses.
Oct 7:  
Security software maker Symantec Corp is in advanced talks to split its business into two entities - one that sells security programs and another that does data storage, Bloomberg reported, citing people with knowledge of the matter.
An announcement may be a few weeks away, according to Bloomberg.
Symantec declined to comment on the report. "The company does not comment on rumours," Symantec spokeswoman Kristen Batch told Reuters in an email.
Reuters reported in April that Symantec, the biggest US security software maker, was in the process of hiring banks to help advise on strategy and defend against possible activist investors.
Private equity firms were also looking at the possibility of breaking up Symantec into smaller pieces, some of which may also be attractive to industry peers, sources told Reuters at that time.
A breakup may position Symantec's separated businesses as acquisition targets, given that large companies, including EMC Corp and Hewlett-Packard Co are interested in the stand-alone security business or in an independent storage business, Bloomberg reported.
Earlier this year, the company, known for its Norton antivirus software, abruptly fired its CEO as it struggles to revive growth amid eroding PC sales.
Symantec, which also offers data storage products, has seen revenue growth turn negative in recent quarters, unlike the rest of the security software market, which is growing at least 10 per cent to 15 per cent annually.
The slowdown is partly due to eroding PC sales, affecting demand for its software, which often comes bundled with new computers. It has failed to gain a strong footing in the market for mobile security.
If it goes ahead with the breakup, Symantec would join technology companies that are spinning off operations in an attempt to become more agile and capitalise on faster-growing businesses.
HP said earlier this week that it would split into two listed companies, separating its computer and printer businesses from its faster-growing corporate hardware and services operations.
Online auction company eBay Inc said last week it would spin off electronic payment service PayPal.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Amitabh Bachchan  Rekha reunite for ShamitabhPrint
Tamil superstar Dhanush, who plays a deaf and mute man in 'Shamitabh', shared a picture of himself with Rekha.
Written by Apurva Singh , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:29 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 11:31 am
Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan and veteran actress Rekha are all set to share screen space after 33 long years. The celebrated onscreen jodi was last seen in Yash Chopra’s ‘Silsila’ together and will now reunite for R Balki’s ‘Shamitabh’.
Tamil superstar Dhanush, who plays a deaf and mute man in ‘Shamitabh’, shared a picture of himself with Rekha.
LOOK whom I’m sharing screen space with in shamitabh. The one and only REKHA JI !!! #beautyforever pic.twitter.com/PqVwJbPPup
— Dhanush (@dhanushkraja) October 1, 2014
However, there is no confirmation whether Big B and Rekha would share scenes too.
Rekha and Amitabh along with his wife Jaya Bachchan had cordially greeted each other at the Screen Awards held earlier this year.
After Silsila, Big B and Rekha haven’t been seen together but she has dubbed for two of his films. Rekha was Sridevi’s voice in Aakhree Raasta (1986), and also dubbed for Soundarya and Jayasudha in their debut flick ‘Sooryavansham’ (1999).
The duo in the past, have co-starred in many movies like Immaan Dharam (1977), Khoon Pasina (1977), Ganga Ki Saugandh (1978), Muqaddar Ka Sikander (1978), Mr Natwarlal (1979) and Suhaag (1979).
‘Shamitabh’ will see Amitabh Bachchan along with Rajinikanth’s son-in-law Dhanush coming together for the first time. While Dhanush will play a deaf and mute character, Amitabh will play the man who will be his voice. The film has been shot in beautiful locales of Mumbai, Goa and Ooty.
Apart from Amitabh Bachchan and Dhanush, the film also marks the debut of Kamal Haasan’s younger daughter Akshara Haasan.
Amitabh Bachchan, 72, who worked with R Balki in ‘Cheeni Kum’ and ‘Paa’, began filming of his new project in Goa last month.

I feel my mother all the time: Angelina JoliePress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:06 am
Opening up about her mother Marcheline Bertrand who died in 2007 due to ovarian cancer, actress Angelina Jolie said she admirered her “softness and strength”.
Jolie, 39, who recently married her longtime partner Brad Pitt, says her mother continues to influence and inspire her even today.
“She was very soft but could move mountains for her kids. That’s something I always admire in women: that mix of softness and strength,” the actress told Marie Claire.
Jolie said her mother inspired her to get involved with humanitarian work from a young age. “She always tried to understand the complexity of the world. She had a great heart, which was sensitive to the world’s violence,” Jolie said.

Vaginal orgasm doesnt exist at all: StudyIf we believe researchers, like male orgasm, female orgasm is the correct term and has nothing to do with vagina. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:02 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 12:26 pm
Junk words like G-spot, vaginal or clitoral orgasms from your dictionary as such stimulation does not exist at all. If we believe researchers, like male orgasm, female orgasm is the correct term and has nothing to do with vagina.
“The key to female orgasm is the female penis – the clitoris, vestibular bulbs and pars intermedia, labia minora and corpus spongiosum of the female urethra.
“In all women, orgasm is always possible if the female erectile organs are effectively stimulated,” explained study co-author and sexologist Vincenzo Puppo from Centro Italiano di Sessuologia (CIS), Italy.
The majority of women worldwide do not have orgasms during intercourse.
“As a matter of fact, female sexual dysfunctions are popular because they are based on something that does not exist – the vaginal orgasm,” he noted.
Male ejaculation does not automatically mean the end of sex for women.
“Touching and kissing can be continued almost indefinitely and non-coital sexual acts after male ejaculation can be used to produce orgasm in women,” Puppo concluded.
The review paper appeared in the journal Clinical Anatomy.

Brent falls to 27-mth low under $91 on growt...Brent falls to 27-month low, under $91 on global growth, oil glut concerns
By Reuters | 8 Oct, 2014, 12.51PM IST
0
Share More
Brent for November delivery fell $1.18 to $90.93 by 0426 GMT, after hitting $90.76 earlier in the session, its lowest point since June 2012.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude futures fell below $91 a barrel on Wednesday to their lowest since June 2012, holding to a months-long tumble in prices as lower economic growth forecasts raised new concerns about global oil demand amid rising US inventory levels.
The International Monetary Fund on Tuesday cut its global economic growth forecasts for the third time this year, warning of weaker growth in core eurozone countries, Japan and big emerging markets like Brazil.
While the IMF kept the growth outlook for China , the world's No.2 oil consumer, unchanged at 7.4 per cent for this year, it saw the risk of a hard landing in the medium term due to concerns over excess industrial capacity and credit issues.
Asian investors were worried about overnight economic data from Germany that showed industrial output fell by a larger-than-expected 4 per cent in August, the biggest drop since the financial crisis in 2009, said Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at Sydney's CMC Markets.
The fall in output was a more immediate indicator of slowing growth than the IMF figures, McCarthy said.
"It shows the strong man of Europe is going down," McCarthy said.
"Growth concerns are on traders' minds, coupled with the glut in supply. The market is caught in a vortex of high supply and weak demand," said Ben Le Brun, market analyst at Sydney's OptionsXpress.
Brent for November delivery fell $1.16 to $90.95 by 0540 GMT, after hitting $90.76 earlier in the session, its lowest point since June 2012.
Oil prices have trended lower on oversupply and weak demand since mid-June, when Brent hit a nine-month high of $115.71.
West Texas Intermediate for November delivery dropped $1.07 to $87.79 a barrel, after falling to $87.39 earlier in the session, its lowest since April 2013.
US crude stocks climbed by 5.1 million barrels to 360 million in the week to Oct. 3, according to an inventory report on Tuesday from industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API). This was much larger than the build of 1.5 million barrels expected by analysts polled by Reuters.
"The US has a million barrels a day of oil due to the shale revolution, while there is softer growth in China. Japan is not firing on all cylinders," Le Brun said.
China's services sector weakened slightly in September as new business cooled, reflected in the services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit and released on Wednesday. The marker pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
Oil prices could fall further by the weekend although this would depend on how the dollar performed.
"A little bit of profit taking in the US dollar should support the commodities complex," Le Brun said.
The dollar index was at 85.841 in trade on Wednesday, off a four-year peak of 86.746 hit on Friday.
Brent could be around $90 a barrel by Friday, with US oil trending towards $85 a barrel, Le Brun said.
Geopolitical tensions could still provide some support to oil prices, but conflicts in the Middle East, North Africa and Ukraine have so far had only limited impact on crude output.
As fighting continued between Kurdish and Islamic State fighters for control of the Syrian Kurdish town of Kobani, the United States stepped up discussions with Turkey on Tuesday over its role in a US-led coalition fighting the Islamist militants in Syria.
Libyan oil production has slipped below 900,000 barrels per day (bpd), down from as high as 925,000 bpd last month, due to a sit-in protest at Sirte Oil Co by local residents demanding jobs, a source at the National Oil Corporation said on Tuesday.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Extreme mood swings at AIADMK officeUpdated: October 8, 2014 11:55 IST
Extreme mood swings at AIADMK office
R. Sairam
The Hindu AIADMK workers in a sorrowful mood at their party office in the city on Tuesday, after denial of bail to AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa, by Karnataka High Court. Photo: M. Periasamy
Celebrations by party cadre end abruptly as news of bail denial spreads
Changes in the mood at the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) office Idhaya Deivam Maaligai here could not have been scripted even in the tinsel world.
From anxiety and wild exuberance to sorrow and anger, the party office saw it all on Tuesday when the party general secretary Jayalalithaa, convicted recently in the disproportionate assets case, was denied bail by the Karnataka High Court.
With the hearing initially expected around noon, party cadre began gathering in large numbers at the Idhaya Theivam Malligai on Huzur Road here in large numbers.
The cadre, many of whom had been staging fasts and protests since September 27 when Ms. Jayalalithaa was convicted, were anxiously watching the news on television. hoping to hear positive news.
The cadre were initially euphoric to hear that the Special Public Prosecutor G. Bhavani Singh had not opposed bail to the former Chief Minister. Then came the initial scrolls in a few news channels at 3.35 p.m. that she had been granted bail.
Shouts of joy, raising of slogans, bursting of crackers and distribution of sweets immediately followed.
A few DMK leaders were also burnt in effigy. Some party workers removed their shirts and began waving them. A large number of women took part in the celebrations as did a few children.
The newly elected Mayor P. Rajkumar, who is also the AIADMK district secretary, arrived at the party office and took part in the festivities. Accepting sweets from the party cadre, he also took part in raising slogans praising the party supremo.
Mr. Rajkumar said that Ms. Jayalalithaa will once again return to the helm of the Tamil Nadu government soon. Deputy Mayor S. Leelavathi Unni, who is also the head of the party’s women’s wing, told journalists that this was a victory for the people of Tamil Nadu.
And then, it all changed more dramatically than in a thriller movie. At 4.10 p.m., the news initially filtered in that bail had been refused. Just about every single party member was furiously shouting into their cell phones, trying to confirm the latest “shocking news”.
The confirmation was greeted initially with disbelief, which was swiftly followed by anger and recriminations as the party cadre began raising slogans against Karnataka, DMK leaders M. Karunanidhi and K. Anbazhagan, besides Bharatiya Janata Party leader Subramanian Swamy. The Mayor left the party office immediately.
Even as things threatened to escalate and it seemed for a few minutes that protests might take an ugly turn, the elders and veteran party members quickly shepherded the cadre from the Huzur Road into the Idhaya Theivam Malligai.
Even as a party member was telling journalists that they would not allow Karnataka vehicles to ply in Tamil Nadu, others quickly bundled him into the party office.
Perhaps, Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam appeal to his party members not to protest had caused the desired effect.
While a contingent of police personnel were deployed near the party office, they had little to do as the party cadre began to silently disperse.

Air Force personnel are pride of India  says ModiNew Delhi, October 8, 2014
Updated: October 8, 2014 11:52 IST
Air Force personnel are pride of India, says Modi
PTI
On Air Force Day, I salute our air force personnel, said the Prime Minister of the occasion of the 82nd Air Force Day. File Photo
TOPICS
defence
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday saluted the Air Force personnel on Air Force Day saying they are the nation’s pride and their bravery and commitment continues to inspire.
“On Air Force Day, I salute our air force personnel. They are our pride and their bravery, commitment and dedication continues to inspire,” the Prime Minister said.
Today is the 82nd Air Force Day. The Indian Air Force was officially established on October 8, 1932 when it was created as an auxiliary air force of the Indian Empire.

Alps Industries: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 08, 2014, 11.21 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Alps Industries: Updates on outcome of AGM
Alps Industries Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 42nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Alps Industries: Updates on outcome of AGM
Alps Industries Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 42nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Alps Industries Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 42nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

CRISIL s Q3 results on Oct 17  2014Oct 08, 2014, 11.21 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CRISIL's Q3 results on Oct 17, 2014
CRISIL Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 17, 2014 to consider and approve the unaudited financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q3) and to consider the payment of Interim Dividend for the financial year ending December 31, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CRISIL's Q3 results on Oct 17, 2014
CRISIL Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 17, 2014 to consider and approve the unaudited financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q3) and to consider the payment of Interim Dividend for the financial year ending December 31, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
CRISIL Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 17, 2014 to consider and approve the unaudited financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q3) and to consider the payment of Interim Dividend for the financial year ending December 31, 2014.Further, the "No Trading Window" for the employees of CRISIL Limited and its subsidiary companies, as per the Insider Trading Code adopted by it, has commenced from 15 days before the close of previous quarter i.e. from September 16, 2014 and shall re-open only 24 hours after announcement of the results of CRISIL Limited.Source : BSE

Nokia employees  Union mulling legal actionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Crompton Greaves  Q2 results on Oct 16  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Kerala Cong urges action against Tharoor for  Modi praiseThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM should focus on Pak not Maharashtra: Shiv SenaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Will multi-year low crude prices impact OMCsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

KEC International bags orders of Rs.1029 croreThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

I asked her regarding the same. she said it depends on the management`...Gold Member
5 Followers
I spoke to the company secretary regarding the  publications of result. She said they would be announcing it in November though the date is not decided.I have requested her to pass on the shareholder`s view to the mgt regarding the early publication of result she said she will do the same and also has asked me to send a mail regarding the same.

Tanay999 do you have stel holdings in your portfolio on the asse...23 Followers
Tanay999 do you have STEL holdings in your portfolio
On the assets side as on 31 March 2014 STEL Holdings http://t.in.com/4o2f had invested Rs 1.18 crore in Buildings (MarVal Rs.20 crore)
Rs. 15.51 crore in Cash & Cash Equivalents
Rs. 84.51 crore in Quoted shares (MarVal Rs.360 crore)
Rs. 12.09 crore in unlisted shares ( MarVal app Rs 61 crore)
&Rs 3.96 crore as loans / advances owed to the company
As such STEL is Zero Debt company with a intrinsic value of assets worth Rs 460 crore (intrinsic value of Rs. 248 per share) and market capitalisation of Rs 56.6 crore at Rs 30.5 per share
At current juncture the shares at Rs 30.50 is quote at discount 87 % to intrinsic value of Rs 248
11.59 AM Oct 8th

Infy 4% aur tech m 5% down. koi hein khiladi futures kharidne wala.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Not even god can help us now   he has also dejected the marg sharehold...Silver Member
1 Followers
The promoters will be fined. My guess is ICICI and Motilal Oswal will ensure (Since they have a chunk of Shares) will ensure that promoters are kicked out by selling and invoking more shares of MARG.
I just hope that Karikal Port Stake sale doesnt happen as thats a major asset within MARG (51%).
4.46 PM Oct 9th

Sensex trading flat; profit-booking in IT  tech countersSensex ends down 25 points in choppy trade; Infosys plunges 4.7%
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Sensex hovers near 26 300; L&T  BHEL up over 2%Markets extend losses; Nifty nears 7,830
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 12:10 PM IST
Markets extended losses in noon trades as gains in select index heavyweights failed to offset losses in IT and pharma shares.
At 12:10PM, the 30-share Sensex was down 80 points at 26,192 and the 50-share Nifty was down 21 points at 7,832.
Infosys, TCS and Wipro were down 2.5-3.9% each contributing the most to the Sensex losses.
In the pharma pack, Cipla, Sun Pharma and Dr Reddy's Labs were down 2.5-3.2% each.
__________________________________
(Updated at 11:35AM)
Benchmark shares indices continued to trade flat in late morning trades as gains in index heavyweights helped offset losses in defensive pharma and technology shares.
At 11:35AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 29 points at 26,301 and the 50-share Nifty was up 11 points at 7,863.
The Indian rupee is trading lower against the US dollar at Rs 61.48 compared to the previous close of Rs 61.43. Weakness in domestic stocks are offset by the encouraging growth forecast for India from the International Monetary Fund.
Indian economy is likely to grow by 6.4% in 2015-16 compared with 5.6% in 2014-15, the World Bank said in its bi-annual South Asia Economic Focus report.
Over the next year or so economic growth should be supported by the recovering US economy that would provide a market for Indian merchandise and service exports, the report said.
Asian markets continued to trade weak amid growth concerns in China, the world's second largest economy. Shares in Japan witnessed a sell-off dropping to a five-week amid global growth concerns while the appreciating yen also dampened sentiment for exporters' stocks. The benchmark Nikkei was down 1%, Hang Seng slipped 0.8% and Straits Times dropped 0.4%^. However, China's Shanghai Composite was up 0.5%.
BSE IT and Healthcare were the top sectoral losers down 1.7-2.2% each. Capital Goods index was up 1.9% followed Oil and Gas, Bankex, Auto and FMCG among others.
IT major Infosys was down nearly 3% on reports that Citi downgraded the stock to 'neutral' from 'buy' earlier ahead of its second quarter earnings due on Friday. The note says that shares are trading around 17x 1-year forward earnings adding that "positives are adequately discounted". Among other shares, TCS and Wipro were down 1.8-2.5% each. Tech Mahindra was down over 4% after it downgraded it to 'sell' from 'neutral'.
Pharma shares also witnessed profit taking at higher levels. Sun Pharma, Cipla and Dr Reddy's Labs were down over 2.5% each.
Among the index heavyweights, ITC was up 0.9% while Reliance Industries gained nearly 1% and ONGC was up 1.4%.
Banks which are a proxy to the economy gained on the back of encouraging growth forecast for India by the World Bank. ICICI Bank, SBI, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank were up 0.4-1.4% each.
Capital goods shares were among the top gainers with L&T up over 2% after after the company said its wholly-owned subsidiary L&T Technology Services received approval from the Competition Commission of India to acquire the engineering business of US-based Dell Product and Process Innovation Services. BHEL rebounded after its recent correction and was up nearly 3%.
Among other shares, KEC International was up over 2% after the company announced that it has secured new orders worth Rs 1,029 crore.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index was up 0.1% and the Small-cap index was up 0.3%.
Market breadth was strong with 1,261 gainers and 1,107 losers on the BSE.

PM should focus on Pakistan not Maharashtra: Shiv SenaPM should focus on Pakistan, not Maharashtra: Shiv Sena
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 11:20 AM IST
Shiv Sena today attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the issue of ceasefire violations by Pakistan, saying he should focus on stopping the 'atrocities' by the neighbouring country and not Maharashtra politics.
Claiming that Pakistan has been emboldened by government's failure to take 'firm' steps against the cross-border firing and shelling, the BJP's erstwhile ally took a pot-shot at Modi saying one does not need a 56-inch chest to protect the interests of the nation but a strong will power.
Keeping Modi busy in election rallies across the state while he is most needed at the Centre is like undermining the national security of India, the Shiv Sena said in its editorial mouthpiece Saamna.
Referring to Modi's extensive campaigning for the BJP in Maharashtra ahead of state assembly polls, the Sena said, "We can talk about the politics of Maharashtra later as well Modi ji, but for now it is most important that we do not bear the atrocities committed by our neighbour."
"Do you need a 56-inch chest to protect the interests of the nation and to teach Pakistan a lesson for their misdeeds? All you need is a strong will power to give it back to them in the same measure," it said.
"Pakistan is daring to continuously fire on the Indian side because there are no firm steps taken by the Indian government," Sena said.
It added that that it is pity that Indian villagers across the bordering areas have to take shelter in safer places to protect themselves from the onslaught of the Pakistani Rangers.
"It is not only our people whose life is threatened by the Pakistanis, even their homes are being destroyed by the Pakistani onslaught. Houses as far as four kilometres away from the border have been badly affected by the continuous firing.
"Our citizens are now running away from their homes to escape death that may catch up with them in the darkness of the night. It's a pity they have to leave their homes this way," the Sena morninger said.
So far seven persons have been killed and nearly 70 injured in the ceasefire violations by Pakistan since October 1 with over 16,000 people migrating to safer areas.

Tharoor issue: Congress in Kerala to seek action from high commandTharoor issue: Congress in Kerala to seek action from high command
Press Trust of India | Thiruvananthapuram Oct 08, 2014 10:55 AM IST
Expressing resentment at party MP Shashi Tharoor praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Congress' Kerala unit today decided to submit a report to the party high command seeking suitable action in the matter.
KPCC president V M Sudheeran said praises lavished on Modi repeatedly by Tharoor had hurt Congress and UDF workers who worked sincerely and tirelessly for his victory in the Thiruvananthapuram Lok Sabha constituency for a second time.
After interactions with Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, State Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala and other senior leaders, he said KPCC would submit a report to the high command on the issue reflecting the sentiments of the party's Kerala unit.
"Tharoor has praised Modi on several occasions. This has hurt the sentiments of the Congress and UDF workers who have put up hard work for Tharoor's victory in the Lok Sabha polls," Sudheeran told reporters.
"Kerala is a state that has rejected the BJP completely. This is mainly due to the democratic and secular outlook of the people. They also want Congress to be strengthened further. Tharoor has wounded their sentiments," Sudheeran added.
Tharoor, who drew flak from the KPCC by responding positively to Modi's invitation to him for the 'Swachh Bharath' clean India campaign, has maintained that his response would not mean that he even remotely endorsed the BJP's 'core Hindutva' agenda and that he continued to be a 'proud Congressman'.
"It is completely ridiculous. I reject it completely," Tharoor had said when asked about talks in some sections within his party and outside that he was trying to get close to the BJP.
The Congress' official daily in Kerala Veekshnam, carried a stinging editorial yesterday, raising questions about his loyalty to the organisation.

Moto 360 smartwatch launched at Rs 17 999Motorola launches Moto 360 smartwatch at Rs 17,999
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 4, 2014  | 19:48 IST
Handset manufacturer Motorola 's smartwatch Moto 360, priced at Rs 17,999, went on sale from Friday in India exclusively on e-commerce portal Flipkart.
With a round design that maximises the display area, the smartwatch has voice control that makes it easy to get things done and can helps to send texts, set a reminder, check the weather and even ask for directions.
It also has built-in pedometer to track steps and heart-rate monitor.
The smartwatch runs of operating system Android Wear with a battery life of 320 mAH. It has internal storage of 4 GB and 512 MB RAM.

Top 5: Basic pizza myths bustedlifestyle
Top 5 fun pizza facts you would like to know
Pizza is loved by foodies worldwide. As October is the National Pizza Month, make sure you know facts about the cheesy and delicious invention. Here are some of the common myths.
Myth: Italians are solely responsible for creating pizza.  Truth: The tomato saucy, cheesy pizza pies as we know them today do have their roots in Naples, but the ancient Greeks are credited with making pizza-like dishes before that.
Myth: You can always count on pizza to be relatively cheap.  Truth: There's actually one pizza that costs $1,000 in New York City and it includes caviar and lobster.
Myth: Most pizzas are ordered with plain cheese.  Truth: According to a data compiled by food delivery service Foodler in 2013, more people order pizza with toppings than just cheese.
Myth: Pepperoni is one of Italy's greatest contributions to pizza.  Truth: Pepperoni is an Italian-American creation. In Italian, the word "peperoni" actually means "large peppers" (as in bell peppers).
Myth: Pizza should only be reheated in the microwave or oven.   Truth: They are great options, but so is the grill.
Related

Gold futures fall 0.16 per cent on global cuesGold futures fall 0.16 per cent on global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 7, 2014  | 11:31 IST
Photo: Reuters
Gold prices fell by 0.16 per cent to Rs 26,678 per ten grams in futures trade on Tuesday as speculators indulged in trimming positions in tandem with a weak global trend.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in December fell by Rs 43, or 0.16 per cent, to Rs 26,678 per ten grams in a business turnover of 409 lots.
Similarly, the metal for delivery in February 2014 contracts lost Rs 21, or 0.08 per cent, to Rs 26,883 per ten grams in a business turnover of just one lot.
Analysts attributed the fall in gold futures to trimming of positions by speculators in tandem with a weak global trend as the dollar advanced towards a four-year high, reducing demand for precious metals as an alternative investment.
Meanwhile, gold fell 0.4 per cent to $1,203.02 an ounce in Singapore in early trade on Tuesday.

Stars on the errand: Alia  Sushmita  Vivekentertainment
Stars on the errand: Alia, Sushmita, Vivek
Bollywood's newest sensation Alia Bhatt was spotted at a cineplex in Mumbai on October 6. Though she was in casuals and not dressed to the nines, yet looked pretty and charming. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Also seen at the venue was former Miss Universe Sushmita Sen who looked gorgeous as ever. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sushmita poses with her mother Subhra Sen. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Kirron Kher's son Sikander Kher was also spotted at the place. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Meanwhile, Vivek Oberoi was seen walking the ramp for Maheka Mirpuri's fashion show. He looked dashing in a grey suit. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Vivek Oberoi shares the stage with the designer Maheka Mirpuri. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Veteran actress Poonam Dhillon looked beautiful in a black sari embroidered with gold. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Also seen at the event was actress Tara Sharma. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
TV's famous couple Aamir Ali and Sanjeeda Sheikh were also spotted at the fashion show. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Host and socialite Amrita Raichand, looking pretty in a red ensemble, was also among one of the attendees. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Fenesta Open: Karunuday survives a Mukund scareThe Hindu Karunuday Singh fought his way back to win his first round match against Sasikumar Mukund. Photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
tennis
Top seed Karunuday Singh narrowly managed to avoid being knocked out in the opening round of the Fenesta National tennis championship, struggling to a 3-6, 7-5, 6-4 win against Sasikumar Mukund on Tuesday.
The 17-year-old Mukund, in fact, could have finished the game in straight sets but paid the price for inconsistency against a much fitter and more experienced opponent.
He won the first set easily as Karunuday committed several double faults at crucial moments.
As top seed, Karunuday was expected to have an easy win but was made to earn every point. The big-serving Karunuday, returning to action after a six-month break, was matched by Mukund with his precise ground strokes and an impressive backhand.
Karunuday had to fight his way to win the second set, helped by an increasingly-fatigued and erratic Mukund, who was always going to struggle once the game went into the decider.
He still took the lead, breaking Karunuday in the third game to go ahead 3-1 even as the top-seed continued to commit a series of doublefaults. But Mukund could not sustain the pace. At one point, he screamed at himself for lacking fitness and took a medical time out for a back treatment after the seventh game.
The time-out only made things worse for Mukund, who appeared to have given up the fight even as Karunuday managed to get his act together, winning the last three games and sealed the victory with an ace.
In the women's section, however, top seed Rishika Sunkara breezed into the second round. Rishika beat junior national champion Sai Samhitha in straight sets 6-3, 6-4.
Rishika, who was part of the Indian women's team in the Asian Games, dominated the match throughout, not letting her opponent settle down.
Rishika took a little while to get her rhythm but then broke Sai Samhitha in the seventh and ninth games to win the first set.
Sai Samhitha struggled to move and reach the ball and Rishika raced to a 3-0 lead in the second before the former got a look in, but there was never any doubt on the winner. Second seed Shweta Rana also had an easy 6-1, 6-2 win over Nithya Raj Baburaj to advance.
The results:
Men: First round: Karunuday Singh bt Sasikumar Mukund 3-6, 7-5, 6-4; P.C. Vignesh bt Ajay Yadav 6-3, 6-3; Saurav Sukul bt Vilaser Khate 6-0, 6-1; Rakshit Rishi bt Brahamjot Singh 6-1, 7-5; Nitten Kirrtane bt Arpit Sharma 6-2, 2-0 (retd.); V.M. Ranjeet bt Vinod Sridhar 6-4, 6-2; Garvit Batra bt Lakshit Sood 6-4, 1-6, 6-4; Suraj Prabod bt Rubal Shandilya 7-5, 6-0; Siddharth Rawat bt Kaza Sharma 7-5, 6-4.
Women: First round: Vaishnavi Peddireddy bt Swetha Sreehari 6-2, 6-0; Shweta Rana bt Nithya Raj Baburaj 6-2, 6-1; Rishika Sunkara bt C. Sai Samhitha 6-3, 6-4; Ashima Garg bt Niku Amin 6-3, 6-1.
Amrita Mukherjee bt Arushi Bhasin 2-6, 6-1, 6-1; Simran Kaur Sethi bt Rushmi Chakravarthi 7-6(5), 6-3; Thanushree Palanivale bt Vineeta Singh 6-1, 6-3; Karman Kaur Thandi bt Preethi Srinivasan 6-0, 6-0; Ramya Natarajan bt Abhilasha Vishwanath 6-2, 6-1.
Boys: Under-18: Second round: Vinod Cheruku bt Aditya Deswal 6-2, 6-4; Raghav Talwar bt Puru N. Upadhyay 6-4, 6-1; Amarnath Arora bt Nikhil Sai Mannepalli 6-1, 6-3; Vidit D. Vaghela bt Raghav Jaisinghani 6-1, 6-2.
Kushaan Nath bt Vikrant Dahiya 6-4, 6-3; Yugal Bansal bt Dheer Bhatti 7-5, 6-1; Nitin Kumar Sinha bt Anirush Chandrashekhar 6-2, 6-4; Gokul Suresh bt Sagar Bains 6-4, 6-3; Jaydeep Chudasama by Sanil Jagtiani 6-3, 2-1 (retd.).
Aryan Goveas bt S. M. Aadithya 6-1, 6-1; Sasikumar Mukund bt Maitreya Bhagat 6-2, 6-3; Yuvraj Singh bt Prajwal Dev 6-2, 7-6(4); B. R. Nikshep bt Faisal Qamar 6-3, 6-1; Manish Sureshkumar bt Aditya Gokhale 6-2, 6-4; Shrey Gupta bt Ishaque Iqbal 6-3, 2-6, 7-5; Dalwinder Singh bt Param Pun 6-4, 6-1.
Girls: Under-18: Second round: Karman Kaur Thandi bt Shivani Swarup Ingle 6-1, 6-0; Simran Kaur Sethi bt Gayatri Kumaraiah 6-1, 6-3; Vanshika Sawhney bt Shivani Amineni 6-1, 6-3; Jennifer Luikham bt Vineeta Singh 6-0, 6-1.
Shrishti Slaria bt Muskan Gupta 6-2, 6-3; Harsha Sai Challa bt Aarushi Kakkar 6-1, 7-5; Abinikka Renganathan bt Akshara Iska 6-1, 6-0; Ramya Natarajan bt Avanthika Sai R 6-2, 6-1; Thanushree Palanivale bt Vaidehi Chaudhari 6-4, 2-6, 7-6; Himani Mor bt Shruti Gupta 6-3, 6-1; Mahak Jain bt Priyana Kalita 6-1, 6-1; Sabhyata Nihalani bt Snehal Mane 6-0, 6-1; Moulika B. Ram bt Isha Budwal 7-5,6-2.

The Best Time to Catch Tonight s Blood MoonKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Symantec exploring breakup of company: ReportsSecurity software maker Symantec Corp is in advanced talks to split its business into two entities - one that sells security programs and another that does data storage, Bloomberg reported, citing people with knowledge of the matter.
An announcement may be a few weeks away, according to Bloomberg.
Symantec declined to comment on the report. "The company does not comment on rumors," Symantec spokeswoman Kristen Batch told Reuters in an email.
Reuters reported in April that Symantec, the biggest U.S. security software maker, was in the process of hiring banks to help advise on strategy and defend against possible activist investors.
Private equity firms were also looking at the possibility of breaking up Symantec into smaller pieces, some of which may also be attractive to industry peers, sources told Reuters at that time.
A breakup may position Symantec's separated businesses as acquisition targets, given that large companies including EMC Corp and Hewlett-Packard Co are interested in the stand-alone security business or in an independent storage business, Bloomberg reported.
Earlier this year, the company, known for its Norton antivirus software, abruptly fired its CEO as it struggles to revive growth amid eroding PC sales.
Symantec, which also offers data storage products, has seen revenue growth turn negative in recent quarters, unlike the rest of the security software market, which is growing at least 10 percent to 15 percent annually.
The slowdown is partly due to eroding PC sales, affecting demand for its software, which often comes bundled with new computers. It has failed to gain a strong footing in the market for mobile security.
If it goes ahead with the breakup, Symantec would join technology companies that are spinning off operations in an attempt to become more agile and capitalize on faster-growing businesses.
HP said earlier this week that it would split into two listed companies, separating its computer and printer businesses from its faster-growing corporate hardware and services operations.
Online auction company eBay Inc said last week it would spin off electronic payment service PayPal .

Kerala Congress to submit report seeking action against Shashi TharoorSensing the build-up in the party against him for praising Modi, Tharoor on Tuesday tweeted that the PM should work for an India cleansed of bigotry, hatred, intolerance and divisiveness, an India that is truly clean.
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:39 am | Updated: October 9, 2014 12:33 am
Congress in Kerala on Wednesday said it would submit a report to the party high command seeking appropriate action against Shashi Tharoor, who has faced the ire of party leaders on charges of accepting Narendra Modi’s invite to join Swacch Bharat campaign.
Party state president V M Sudheeran said, “Tharoor has been repeatedly praising Narendra Modi. His action has hurt the sentiments of the Congress workers in Kerala, who have fought against the BJP to elect Tharoor. The party would ask the high command to take appropriate action against Tharoor, in a manner not to repeat such actions.”
Sudheeran said he would submit a report to the high command detailing all the incidents in which Tharoor had repeatedly praised Modi. “He had repeatedly praised Modi, hurting the sentiments of the Congress workers. Hence, we want the high command to take necessary action.”
Sudheeran held discussions with Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala and former party state chiefs, before arriving at the decision to leave the matter to party central leadership.
Party sources said the issue was referred to the high command considering the factors that Tharoor is party’s national spokesman and a member of the AICC.
To the party move, Tharoor reacted in Twitter, “Delighted to learn KPCC is preparing a ‘detailed report.’ That means they might finally actually read what I wrote instead of oral summaries.”

Kerala Congress to seek action against Tharoor for  Modi praiseState Cong reports Tharoor's 'constant' Modi praise
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 10:34 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 18:32 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
The Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee on Wednesday decided to send a report to the party high command seeking appropriate action against member of Parliament Shashi Tharoor, who invited his colleagues' ire after he accepted Prime Minister Narendra Modi's invitation to join his Swachh Bharat campaign.
Tharoor had recently accepted Prime Minister Narendra Modi's initiative to join the Clean India campaign but he has clarified more than once that it did not mean he was endorsing the Bharatiya Janata Party's policies.
The Kerala unit of the Congress party said the Tharoor's "constant adulation" of Modi has deeply hurt party workers.  To put more pressure on him Kerala Students' Union (KSU), the student wing of the Congress, has asked Tharoor to quit his MP post.
"There were repeated instances of Tharoor appreciating the PM. He has hurt the sentiments of party workers who really toiled to ensure his second term. We will wait for the high command's decision," said PCC chief V M Sudheeran after consultation with senior leaders and chief minister Oommen Chandy.
He said the state unit favoured an appropriate step to ensure that such actions would not be repeated.
In the meeting many leaders sought action against Tharoor but since he's an All India Congress Committee spokesperson the state unit has decided to lob the ball into the central leadership's court.
The decision came a day after the party mouthpiece Veekshanam hit out against Tharoor saying such fortune-hunters should be thrown out if they could not correct themselves.
Without naming Tharoor, it compared such leaders to "Siberian migratory birds which come looking for ideal climate."
Many leaders have come out in the open seeking action against the former Union minister.
"His views are against the party's secular agenda. Despite repeated warnings, he has been praising Modi again and again. It is better for Tharoor to quit," said KSU president VS Joy.
What really angered party leaders was the fact that unlike actor Kamal Hasan, who reacted immediately after Modi's invitation saying cleaning was not a PR exercise and he has been doing it throughout his life, Tharoor had accepted Modi's invitation without any second thought and later tweeted saying he was really honoured.
Many party workers also feel that he was being dragged into unnecessary controversies because he never toed group politics.
"He's not a born politician. Many senior leaders do not like his style and mannerism. Many here still feel that he has not committed a big mistake. It is sad senior leaders are encouraging all and sundry to turn against him," said a party district functionary. 
Tharoor, on his part, wrote on his Facebook page that Mahatma Gandhi stood for not only physical cleanliness but also for cleanliness of mind, heart, soul, spirit.
"I therefore urge @PMOIndia to also work for an India cleansed of bigotry, hatred, intolerance & divisiveness, an India that is truly clean," he said.
Tharoor had told NDTV on Tuesday that he was being targeted because he is an outsider.
"Nobody understands when somebody is trying to express a complex set of ideas," he said.
He also said that he has been seen by some as a "foreign object in the body politic".
"And perhaps there is a difficulty in digesting who I am and how I conduct myself," he reportedly told NDTV.
After the row erupted over the Clean India mission, Tharoor, an MP from Thiruvananthapuram and a former Union minister, had tweeted that he is "a proud Congressman and a proud Indian. In short: not pro-BJP, just pro-India!"

CISF man kills 3 colleagues near Kalpakkam plantCISF man kills 3 colleagues near Kalpakkam plant
KV Lakshmana , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 07:57 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:56 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
A Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) head constable allegedly shot dead three of his colleagues working with the Kalpakkam atomic power plant in Tamil Nadu on Wednesday.
Head constable Vijay Prathap Singh allegedly opened fire from a 9mm carbine, killing assistant sub-inspector Ganesan and head constables Subburaj and Mohansingh at the CISF barracks in Kalpakkam township, which is some 10 km south from the nuclear complex, said government officials.
"Three CISF personnel have been killed. The incident happened around 5.30am. We are enquiring into how the incident happened," C Vijaya Kumar, Kancheepuram Superintendent of Police, told PTI.
Assistant sub-inspector Prathap Singh and head constable Govardhan Singh are being being treated at a hospital for injuries, police said. Prathap Singh, the official blamed for the firing, is under arrest.
Asked whether operations at the nuclear complex was affected due to the incident, Madras Atomic Power Station Director T J Koteeswaran told PTI, "The incident happened some 10 km away in the township and so operations were not affected. I am awaiting more information on the incident." Early media reports had said the firing took place in the power plant.
CISF, which has about 1.45-lakh personnel in its ranks, is tasked with the security of the 59 civilian airports in the country and also has the responsibility to secure installations in the nuclear and aerospace domain.
 

Israel police  Palestinians  clash on Temple MountIsraeli soldiers and border policemen aim towards Palestinian protesters during clashes that erupted after Israeli troops shot dead two Palestinians, Amer Abu Aisheh and Marwan Qawasmeh in the West Bank city of Hebron, Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:16 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 12:27 pm
Israeli police say Palestinian demonstrators have clashed with police forces on Jerusalem’s Temple Mount and that three policemen were lightly injured.
Police spokeswoman Luba Samri says several dozen masked Palestinians began throwing rocks and fire crackers at police when the Temple Mount, which is known to Muslims as the “Noble Sanctuary,” opened for prayers on Wednesday morning.
There was no immediate information on Palestinian casualties.
The location is the holiest site in Judaism and the third holiest in Islam, and is a frequent flashpoint for demonstrations.
Tensions have been high in Jerusalem since Hamas militants abducted and killed three Jewish teenagers in the West Bank in June and Jewish extremists killed a young Palestinian several weeks later.
Those events helped precipitate the 50-day-long Gaza war this summer.

Christopher Nolan is miffed with me: Al PacinoPress Trust of India | London | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:14 pm
Hollywood star AL Pacino has revealed director Christopher Nolan is upset with him because he turned
down one of his films. The 74-year-old actor said that he has not being offered a role in a Nolan-directed film since he declined the chance to appear in one earlier, reported Contactmusic.
“He hasn’t offered me a film in a while, you know why? He asked me to be in this movie and I didn’t do it. I think that might have miffed him a little bit, but I’m being presumptuous myself,” Pacino said.
He starred in Nolan’s 2002 thriller ‘Insomnia’, but refused to reveal which film he turned down.

Jessie J sympathises with Justin BieberPress Trust of India | London | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:57 am
Singer Jessie J has revealed she wrote a letter for pop star Justin Bieber to show her support for him during his turbulent period earlier this year. The ‘Bang Bang’ hitmaker said she felt the need to support Bieber, 20, because of the immense pressure he is under and the attention his fame brings to him, reported Contactmusic.
“I just felt like it was my duty. I hand-wrote it, old school. I was just like, ‘I’m here, you’re amazing.’ He’s
young and he’s got so much pressure on him. It’s easy for people to comment when he’s having a photo taken of him, but you don’t see what we see.
“When it’s just a picture of us, you’re not seeing the hundreds of people pushing you, kicking you and hurling abuse at you. Sometimes even the people you may frown upon, whose behaviour you may frown upon, they’re the ones that need the most help,” she said.
Jessie, 26, eventually made the decision not to post the letter as she felt it might be inappropriate to send it to someone who she doesn’t know.
“I just didn’t think it was my place. I know people who know him, so I could have got it (the letter) to him. But instead I just made sure his people knew I was available to speak to m as I have been to many artists,” the singer said.

Kerry Washington to star in romantic comedyPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:49 am
‘Scandal’ star Kerry Washington has signed on to play the lead in MGM’s romantic comedy ‘Is He The One’.
Malcolm D Lee will direct the movie from a script by DJ Richardson and Michelle Morgan, reported the Entertainment Weekly.
The film opens with a bride (Washington) getting ready for her wedding. Through flashbacks, the film recounts her three serious relationships. It will end with the 37-year-old actress walking down the aisle, but who will greet her is unknown.

Facebook may launch app for sharing posts anonymouslyNew York, October 8, 2014
Updated: October 8, 2014 12:25 IST
Facebook may launch app for sharing posts anonymously
IANS
AP Earlier this year, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced that releasing new standalone apps would be a priority for the social networking site. File Photo
TOPICS
internet
Whether the standalone app will connect to Facebook’s main page and users’ account is still not clear
Facebook is reportedly working to launch an app that gives users an option to share posts anonymously with one another. The standalone app may also have health-focused features to connect users suffering from the same illnesses to create a kind of support network, New York Times reported.
According to the report, the app will allow people to use pseudonyms so they can have discussions about topics “which they may not be comfortable connecting to their real names”.
Whether the standalone app will connect to Facebook’s main page and users’ account is still not clear.
Earlier this year, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced that releasing new standalone apps would be a priority for the social networking site.
Facebook has already launched an ephemeral messaging app called Slingshot. The Facebook Messenger app has already been downloaded over 500 million times on Android-based devices. Facebook-owned Instagram has also released a standalone private messaging app called Bolt.

Pudumjee Pulp: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 08, 2014, 12.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Pudumjee Pulp: Updates on outcome of AGM
Pudumjee Pulp & Paper Mills Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 49th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 13, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pudumjee Pulp: Updates on outcome of AGM
Pudumjee Pulp & Paper Mills Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 49th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 13, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Pudumjee Pulp & Paper Mills Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 49th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 13, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Mcnally Bharat Engineering gets order worth Rs 305crOct 08, 2014, 12.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mcnally Bharat Engineering gets order worth Rs 305cr
Mcnally Bharat Engineering Company Ltd has informed BSE that the Company have received an order for construction of Water System for a Thermal Power Project for a value of Rs 305.13 Crores (approx).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mcnally Bharat Engineering gets order worth Rs 305cr
Mcnally Bharat Engineering Company Ltd has informed BSE that the Company have received an order for construction of Water System for a Thermal Power Project for a value of Rs 305.13 Crores (approx).
Post your opinion here
 
McNally Bharat Engineering Company Ltd has informed BSE that the Company have received an order for construction of Water System for a Thermal Power Project for a value of Rs. 305.13 Crores (approx).Source : BSE

Brent falls below $91 on global growth  oil glut concernsOct 08, 2014, 12.06 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Brent falls below $91 on global growth, oil glut concerns
The International Monetary Fund on Tuesday cut its global economic growth forecasts for the third time this year, warning of weaker growth in core eurozone countries, Japan and big emerging markets like Brazil.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Brent falls below $91 on global growth, oil glut concerns
The International Monetary Fund on Tuesday cut its global economic growth forecasts for the third time this year, warning of weaker growth in core eurozone countries, Japan and big emerging markets like Brazil.
Post your opinion here
 
Brent crude futures fell below USD 91 a barrel on Wednesday to their lowest since June 2012, holding to a months-long tumble in prices as lower economic growth forecasts raised new concerns about global oil demand amid rising US inventory levels.
The International Monetary Fund on Tuesday cut its global economic growth forecasts for the third time this year, warning of weaker growth in core eurozone countries, Japan and big emerging markets like Brazil.
While the IMF kept the growth outlook for China, the world's No.2 oil consumer, unchanged at 7.4 percent for this year, it saw the risk of a hard landing in the medium term due to concerns over excess industrial capacity and credit issues.
Asian investors were worried about overnight economic data from Germany that showed industrial output fell by a larger-than-expected 4 percent in August, the biggest drop since the financial crisis in 2009, said Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at Sydney's CMC Markets.
The fall in output was a more immediate indicator of slowing growth than the IMF figures, McCarthy said.
"It shows the strong man of Europe is going down," McCarthy said.
"Growth concerns are on traders' minds, coupled with the glut in supply. The market is caught in a vortex of high supply and weak demand," said Ben Le Brun, market analyst at Sydney's OptionsXpress.
Brent for November delivery fell USD 1.16 to USD 90.95 by 0540 GMT, after hitting USD 90.76 earlier in the session, its lowest point since June 2012.
Oil prices have trended lower on oversupply and weak demand since mid-June, when Brent hit a nine-month high of USD 115.71.
West Texas Intermediate for November delivery dropped USD 1.07 to USD 87.79 a barrel, after falling to USD 87.39 earlier in the session, its lowest since April 2013.
US crude stocks climbed by 5.1 million barrels to 360 million in the week to October 3, according to an inventory report on Tuesday from industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API). This was much larger than the build of 1.5 million barrels expected by analysts polled by Reuters.
"The US has a million barrels a day of oil due to the shale revolution, while there is softer growth in China. Japan is not firing on all cylinders," Le Brun said.
China's services sector weakened slightly in September as new business cooled, reflected in the services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit and released on Wednesday. The marker pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
Oil prices could fall further by the weekend although this would depend on how the dollar performed.
"A little bit of profit taking in the US dollar should support the commodities complex," Le Brun said.
The dollar index was at 85.841 in trade on Wednesday, off a four-year peak of 86.746 hit on Friday.
Brent could be around USD 90 a barrel by Friday, with US oil trending towards USD 85 a barrel, Le Brun said.
Geopolitical tensions could still provide some support to oil prices, but conflicts in the Middle East, North Africa and Ukraine have so far had only limited impact on crude output.
As fighting continued between Kurdish and Islamic State fighters for control of the Syrian Kurdish town of Kobani, the United States stepped up discussions with Turkey on Tuesday over its role in a U.S.-led coalition fighting the Islamist militants in Syria.
Libyan oil production has slipped below 900,000 barrels per day (bpd), down from as high as 925,000 bpd last month, due to a sit-in protest at Sirte Oil Co by local residents demanding jobs, a source at the National Oil Corporation said on Tuesday.
RELATED NEWS

Samsung expects lowest profit in over 3 yearsSEOUL, South Korea, October 7, 2014
Updated: October 7, 2014 10:46 IST
Samsung expects lowest profit in over 3 years
AP
AP Analysts have repeatedly cut forecasts of Samsung’s profit this year as Galaxy sales lagged expectations. File photo
TOPICS
company information
The world’s biggest smartphone maker is suffering a stunning financial decline in the face of intense competition from Apple Inc. and upstart Chinese brands.
In a preview to earnings due out this month, Samsung Electronics Co. said on Tuesday its quarterly profit is estimated to have fallen to its lowest level in more than three years, dragged down by weak sales of its new Galaxy model.
Samsung became the biggest smartphone brand on the popularity of earlier Galaxy models. But the bigger screen on Apple’s new iPhone 6 is luring away Americans who liked the bigger Galaxy, while in China, local brands are making inroads into Samsung’s business.
Analysts have repeatedly cut forecasts of Samsung’s profit this year as Galaxy sales lagged expectations. They say earnings in the quarter ending in September could suffer their biggest decline in Samsung’s recent history.
In Tuesday’s report, Samsung said the median forecast of July-September operating income was 4.1 trillion won ($3.8 billion). That was below the median of analysts’ expectations of 5.2 trillion won, according to FactSet, a financial data provider. It would be a 60 percent plunge from record-high 10.2 trillion won a year earlier.
The decline in Galaxy sales has hurt demand for Samsung components such as an advanced display called OLED. High marketing costs are undermining profits.
“The operating margin declined due to increased marketing expenditure and lowered average selling price,” Samsung said in a statement. The company said it “cautiously expects increased shipments of new smartphones and strong seasonal demand for TV products.”
Analysts say the bigger iPhones released last month will likely take away American customers who favoured the Galaxy’s bigger screens. In emerging markets such as India and China, Samsung’s smartphone sales were overtaken by local rivals.
Samsung estimated sales for the July-September period declined 20 per cent from a year earlier to 47 trillion won ($44.2 billion). That was slightly below analysts’ expectations of 50.4 trillion won.
In January, analysts estimated Samsung’s third quarter operating income would exceed 10 trillion won. That expectation has been steadily lowered to about half this month.
Quarterly profit from its mobile business, which reached 6.7 trillion a year earlier, is forecast to be a little over 2 trillion won.
The company needs to revamp its handset designs, said Lee Seung-woo, an analyst at IBK Securities Co.
“Rather than seeking stability, Samsung should seek to distinguish (its phones) with Galaxy’s design policies,” he said. “The iPhone 6 will be a significant threat to Samsung.”
The company moved the launch of the Galaxy Note 4, a large smartphone with a stylus, to late September from October after Apple unveiled the iPhone 6. It also began sales of the Galaxy Note 4 in China last month, getting an early start in the world’s most populous country before Apple.
Last month, Samsung also received upbeat initial responses to its Galaxy Note Edge smartphone, a smartphone with a curved side screen that can display weather, news, apps and other information. But the supply volume for the Edge smartphone will be limited, likely not giving a big boost to its earnings, analysts said.
With growth momentum in smartphones sagging, Samsung is moving to step up its presence in the semiconductor business.
This week, Samsung announced a 15.6 trillion won ($14.7 billion) investment plan to build a new semiconductor fabrication plant in the South Korean city of Pyeongtaek. The construction will begin before the summer next year and begin operations during the second half of 2017.
Samsung did not disclose net income or divisional earnings in its quarterly earnings preview.

DHL s  Parcelcopter  tries drone delivery to remote islandA prototype "parcelcopter" of German postal and logistics group Deutsche Post DHL flies in Bonn. Its drone - the "parcelcopter" - can fly at up to 65 km (40 miles) an hour. It will deliver medication ... more 
A prototype "parcelcopter" of German postal and logistics group Deutsche Post DHL flies in Bonn. Its drone - the "parcelcopter" - can fly at up to 65 km (40 miles) an hour. It will deliver medication and other urgently needed goods to the car-free island of Juist, off Germany's northern coast, at times when other modes of transport such as flights or ferries are not operating. If the trial is successful, the craft could be used to deliver such packages to other remote areas or in emergencies. less 
1 / 6
Yahoo Finance | Photo by Wolfgang Rattay / REUTERS
Wed 24 Sep, 2014 8:30 PM IST

Apollo Tyres shares gain near 8% as RBI hikes FII limitApollo Tyres shares gain near 8 per cent after RBI hikes FII limit
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 7, 2014  | 18:15 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Apollo Tyres  climbed almost 8 per cent on Tuesday as foreign investors have been allowed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to buy up to 45 per cent of the paid-up equity capital in the company.
The company's shares gained 7.79 per cent to Rs 212.35 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), while at the National Stock Exchange (NSE), Apollo Tyres shares surged 7.98 per cent to Rs 212.45 in afternoon trade.
"Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs), through primary market and stock exchanges, can now purchase up to 45 per cent of the paid-up capital of Apollo Tyres Limited under the Portfolio Investment Scheme (PIS)," the central bank had said in a notification on October 1.
The tyre manufacturer had passed resolutions at the board level and a special resolution agreeing to enhance the limit for purchase of its equity shares and convertible debentures by FIIs/RFPIs from 40 per cent to 45 per cent.
Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs), Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs), NRIs and PIOs (Persons of Indian Origins) can invest in the domestic primary and secondary capital markets through PIS.
Shares of the scrip ended at Rs 208.55 a piece, up 11.55 points (or 5.86 per cent), at the BSE. At the NSE, the stock ended 11.85 points (or 6.02 per cent) higher, at Rs 208.60 a piece.

Tips to become a responsible touristPrint
Written by Keshav Chaturvedi | New Delhi | Posted: October 7, 2014 3:16 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 3:21 pm
I remember a story of a trek way back in 1980s to a glacier in the Uttarakhand region called Pindari. It was undertaken by my friends and when they came back they were crestfallen. They narrated the story of piles of garbage and they could trace their way to the glacier just by following the littered garbage along the trail.
The entire scenic beauty was tarnished by the mindless human intervention. Since then we have heard many stories of such mindlessness about the tourists who go to these pristine areas and then desecrate them by littering waste. Mount Everest today is struggling with growing waste and many tourist destinations in India are waking up to the adverse impact of rising number of tourists.
Tourism, per se, however, is not bad. It’s the attitude of the visitor that can make or mar the place or the experience. If we all keep few basics in mind we will not only enjoy the beauty of the place but also help in maintaining it.
While travelling to hill stations it is of paramount importance that we resist the temptation of using plastic. Many hilly regions have laws that prohibit the use of plastic as it chokes water channels and interferes with the natural rhythms of the nature. A tourist should respect that.
Similarly, trekkers defecate in the open as there are no toilets on the trekking route, but the right way is to be away from a water channel and after relieving yourself cover it with mud. This way you will not contaminate the water channel.
While visiting the forests, it’s of paramount importance that they should insist on vehicles that don’t generate loud noise. They should also say no to stay in hotels that have flouted the green norms around the reserved forests or national parks. The yearning to pick up logs, stones, pebbles, or plants and in extreme cases the local dog species etc should be curbed. These things are a part of the eco-system and are there for a reason. They may look exotic in your living room but have no other use except for ornamental value. At times by doing this you also promote the spread of invasive species in your area which is not good for the bio-diversity of your own region.
While along the coastal line it really feels good to be staying in a sea facing hotel but one should always be careful and check well in advance whether they are flouting the coastal zoning norms by encroaching on the sea beach. An aware tourist can be a great harbinger of change in environmental attitude. The awareness will not only save the environment but also force businesses to change their ways.
Read Comics

Cognizant acquires US digital marketing firm Cadient GroupGoutam Das      Follow @Goutam20    Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 11:47 IST
Photo: Reuters
India's second-largest IT exporter Cognizant announced a small acquisition on Tuesday, one that would boost its digital marketing services for life sciences customers.
The company said it is acquiring Cadient Group, a digital marketing agency based out of Pennsylvania, for one and half times its revenue - Cadient has a top line of $20 million. Cognizant said Cadient is profitable but did not disclose its operating margins.
The acquisition comes in the backdrop of a shift in the tech spending landscape. The lines between business and IT are blurring in many corporations.
Chief Information Officers (CIOs), the traditional buyers of IT services, are becoming much less powerful with the centre of gravity in terms of decision making shifting to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and the Chief Marketing Officer's (CMO) office. In 2012, advisory firm Gartner said that, by 2017, CMOs will spend more on IT than CIOs. Cadient aims at the CMOs' budget.
Cognizant called the purchase a "tuck-in" acquisition - one that is small and easy to integrate. Pharmaceutical, biotechnology , consumer health, and medical device companies all need digital strategies today to connect with both patients and health-care providers.
The acquisition fits in here. As part of the buy, more than 100 digital specialists with expertise in brand strategy and planning, content development, user-centred design, multi-channel analytics, and digital, social and mobile marketing, will join Cognizant.
Cadient is Cognizant's second acquisition in less than a month.
In September, the company announced it is acquiring US-based TriZetto Corporation for $2.7 billion in cash. TriZetto provides health-care IT solutions. The purchase will eventually add more muscle to Cognizant's $2.5 billion health-care business.

Bookies predict 110-115 seats for BJP in Maha; Sena likeliest allyBJP
(Only a late, very intense…)
MUMBAI: The city's bookies, who accurately predicted a single party majority for BJP in May's national polls, believe that star campaigner Narendra Modi's late campaign entry may cost BJP a single party majority (145 or more seats in a 288-member assembly) in Maharashtra.
Bookies are predicting a 110-115 seat range for BJP. That tally is far ahead of predictions for four other rivals. Congress, NCP , and Shiv Sena, bookies predict, will each win between 40 to 50 seats, while MNS will be a poor fifth with a prediction range of 15-20 seats.
But had Modi entered campaigning earlier, bookies say, BJP stood a good chance of a single party simple majority. Only a late, very intense burst of Modi-style campaign may just take BJP past the 145 mark now. But bookies consider that event unlikely.
The Prime Minister's campaign time is divided between Haryana and Maharashtra and he's to address 15 more rallies in Maharashtra before electioneering ends on October 13.
Votes for the October 15 elections will be counted on October 19 and Mumbai's bookies reckon Shiv Sena is BJP's likeliest post-poll ally, despite a bitter pre-poll parting.
However, should BJP's tally come close to the 145 mark, the party may court Independents, bookies say.
Shiv Sena to be the Likeliest Ally of BJP After Election
Mumbai's bookies reckon Shiv Sena is the BJP's likeliest post-election ally, despite a bitter pre-poll parting. However, should BJP's tally come close to the 145 mark, the party may court Independents, bookies say. Interestingly, bookies are complaining about political workers putting pressure on them to provide predictions that seem to favour particular parties.
After their accurate predictions for the national polls, Mumbai bookies have acquired extra credibility. Most pollsters had given the BJP less than a simple majority in general elections.
The Congress and Nationalist Congress Party, although fighting separately, will be hit by anti-incumbency and also suffer because of the split in minority votes, according to bookies. They also see no role for either party in government formation, post-polls. And Shiv Sena's going alone won't give it a bigger bargaining chip, bookies add.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Geithner defends US action in AIG bailoutGeithner defends US action in AIG bailout
By Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b0a21a4-4e3e-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/ZQAp1bFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Retailers will win holidays with omnichannel
More than two-thirds of shoppers can be considered omnichannel consumers – they research products and make purchases using a combination of technology, online platforms and physical stores. And the brands
Post to Facebook
Retailers will win holidays with omnichannel More than two-thirds of shoppers can be considered omnichannel consumers – they research products and make purchases using a combination of technology, online platforms and physical stores. And the brands Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vNV6q1
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Retailers will win holidays with omnichannel
Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 8:17 a.m. EDT October 8, 2014
Firefly software on the Amazon Fire phone. Firefly image recognition and 3D imaging allow users to scan objects and buy the item from it from Amazon.
(Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images)
68 CONNECT 371 TWEET 466 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
This holiday season will bear witness to a digital shift in the retail world as more retailers and shoppers than ever embrace what's known as the omnichannel experience.
It's a transition that started several years ago,   as more consumers have gained access to smartphones and tablets, and are comfortable using them to shop.
Now, more than two-thirds of shoppers can be considered omnichannel consumers, according to PwC's holiday shopping forecast out Tuesday. These shoppers research products and make purchases using a combination of technology, online platforms and physical stores. "It's very clear to us that retailers that are leading in the e-commerce space are starting to win a bigger share of the consumer wallet,"  says Steve Barr, U.S. retail and consumer practice leader for PwC.
The National Retail Federation expects holiday sales to be up 4.1% this year to $616.9 billion, the organization announced Tuesday. That's the largest jump in three years and up a percentage point over last year's actual sales. The retail group expects online sales to grow between 8% and 11%. But Brad Wilson, founder and CEO of Brad's Deals, says that projection is low. He expects at least double-digit growth, and closer to 20% growth on Cyber Monday.
PwC finds that 41% of shoppers plan to spend more online this year than they did last year, while 43% of all spending will be online, compared with 42% last year. Nearly 40% of consumers are what PwC calls trade-off shoppers: They do most of their research online and will buy online if the product is cheaper than in stores; another 32% are primarily online shoppers; while 29% of shoppers still prefer going into stores, but even they are going online a little bit.
"There's much more online planning of the overall holiday shopping experience," Barr says.
Some retailers have already rolled out new online features with hopes of enticing holiday shoppers.
• Amazon is letting customers connect their Amazon.com accounts to Twitter and automatically add products they discover through tweets to their Amazon wishlist by using the hashtag #AmazonWishList in response to a tweet with a product link in it.
• Staples recently adopted a same-day in-store pickup program for online orders ahead of the fall shopping season. Retailers including Target and Walmart already offer in-store pickup options for online orders.
• Kmart gave early shoppers the chance for no-money-down layaway last month on holiday purchases both online and in stores. Customers can pick out items for purchase but pay for them over time with no interest.
In a retail report out earlier this year, PwC found that technology such as in-store Wi-Fi and sales staff that check out customers away from registers using mobile devices are some of the most popular features with customers.
One thing that won't change this year is the severity of the price competition among retailers. Expect steep discounts and copious coupon codes, Wilson says. Still, retailers that offer superior shopping experiences may gain an edge in the price war, Barr says.
"Some of the most successful omnichannel retailers are winning based on innovation and product selection and not competing on price," he says.
68 CONNECT 371 TWEET 466 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vNV6q1
USA NOW
U.Va. board to meet on shocking rape allegations | USA NOW
Nov 24, 2014

Sensex  Nifty Turn Choppy Amid Global Weakness; Cap Goods ReboundYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Turn Choppy Amid Global Weakness; Cap Goods Rebound
NDTV | Updated On: October 08, 2014 09:49 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Indian stock markets clawed back in the green after a negative start on Wednesday. The Sensex rose over 50 points, while the 50-share Nifty traded above the key 7,850 mark as of 09.30 a.m.
However, analysts expect the market to be choppy. According to independent analyst Sanjeev Bhasin, the Nifty is oversold and could find support around 7,800.
He expects time bound correction will play out in the markets and corporate earnings will be next trigger for stocks.
Wednesday's gains were led by capital goods stocks such as Larsen & Toubro. The cap good sub-index on the BSE jumped 1.3 per cent in early trade and looked set to reverse a four day falling trend. L&T jumped 1.7 per cent and was the top Nifty gainer. BHEL advanced 0.8 per cent.
Banks, energy and auto stocks also saw some buying interest. State Bank of India, the country's biggest lender, gained 0.7 per cent after CLSA said it remained its best bet in the PSU space.
Metal stocks remained under pressure on the back of falling commodity prices. Infosys declined over 1 per cent ahead of its Q2 earnings on Friday.
Drug makers also came under selling pressure. Cipla, Sun Pharma and Dr Reddy's were the biggest losers on the Nifty, falling over 2 per cent.
As of 09.30 a.m., the Sensex traded above 26,300, rising around 40 points, while the Nifty was up at 7,860, up 10 points.
Earlier, markets had opened lower tracking weakness in Asian equities. Japan's Nikkei traded 1.3 per cent lower, while the Hang Seng index in Hong King was down 0.72 per cent.
Global markets have come under pressure amid as growth concerns have renewed. The IMF on Tuesday shaved its global growth forecast to 3.3 per cent for this year, from 3.4 per cent, warning of weakness in the euro zone, Japan and big emerging markets such as Brazil. The Dow fell 1.6 per cent yesterday.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 09:47 (IST)

Buy Tata Steel  L&T Today: Sanjeev BhasinGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Indian stock markets are set to open lower as weak global cues have hit Asian bourses. In the short term, the Nifty looks oversold and could find support around 7,800.
Time bound correction will play out in the markets and corporate earnings will be next trigger for stocks.
Investors should buy the following stocks with a 1 month outlook,
1) Buy Tata Steel: 435-440, target 512
2) Buy L&T: 1400-1415, target 1525
3) Option strategy for next three days: Buy Infosys 3600 put at 45-55, target 100
We are also carrying previous trades,
4) Buy IOC: 360-365, stop loss 351, target 384
5) Buy HPCL: 485-490, stop loss 475, target 522
6) Buy BPCL: 650-655, stop loss 637, target 685
7) Option trade on Bank Nifty (short strangle): Sell Bank Nifty 16000 call at 150-155, sell Bank Nifty 15000 put at 130-135 for total premium of 280-285. Look for reduction in volatility and buy around 120-125 as time series plays out.
The pair trade on ONGC and Cairn India returned profits of 7 per cent. ( Buy IOC, HPCL, BPCL Today: Sanjeev Bhasin )
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 08:25 (IST)

NBCC  Punj Lloyd  Canara Bank in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
NBCC, Punj Lloyd, Canara Bank in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: October 08, 2014 09:58 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened lower on Wednesday tracking weak global markets. Foreign investors continued to remain net sellers of Indian equities on Tuesday as they had sold shares worth Rs 333 crore in cash market. However domestic investors were net buyers to the tune of Rs 328 crore. Sentiment is likely to be positive today as the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has hiked its 2014 and 2015 growth forecast for India yesterday.
Here are the stocks to track in trade today:
Punj Lloyd is planning to raise over Rs 1,000 crore through sale of non-core assets. Proceeds from the asset sale will be used to pare debt and for new investment. The company plans to close deal by end of October.
National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) has bagged an order worth Rs 338 crore from IIT Kanpur for project management consultancy works.
Canara Bank will raise Rs 1,500 crore in Tier-1 capital to support asset growth in the current financial year and to maintain comfortable capital adequacy.
8K Miles Software Services will report its earnings for the quarter ended September 30, 2014. Its stock prices have increased nearly five times in this year so far. DSP BlackRock, Sundaram BNP Paribas mutual funds have recently bought shares of the company.
JBM Auto shares will go ex-split and ex-bonus today. The company had declared bonus issue in the ratio of 1:1 and its shares having face value of Rs 10 will be split into two shares of Rs 5 face value each.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 09:58 (IST)

Islamic State  murderer of journalists  releases 11 rules for journalistsBy Adam Taylor October 7 Follow @mradamtaylor
Fighters who appear to be from the Islamic State are seen from the Turkish side of the border standing next to the group’s flag on a hill in the eastern part of the Syrian town of Kobane. (Aris Messinisaris/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
The Islamic State, the extremist group that has wreaked havoc in Syria and Iraq, is perhaps best known in the West for its violent behavior toward journalists. The executions of American journalists James Foley  and Steven Sotloff are widely regarded as the catalyst that spurred U.S. and allied strikes against the group, for example.
However, the group does offer a more complicated vision of international media. Vice News was able to film its remarkable view of life under the Islamic State  in Raqqah, Syria, with apparent cooperation from the extremists. “These are managed trips, so you are there with their permission,” Kevin Sutcliffe, Vice’s head of news programming in Europe, explained to the Huffington Post . “While they are, to some extent, keeping you safe ... you are also an interloper.”
Now, Syria Deeply, an independent news site that focuses on the Syrian conflict, has published a list of rules that it says have been given to journalists in the Islamic State-controlled region of Deir al-Zour, Syria. The list was sent to Syria Deeply by "Amer," a local journalist who stayed in the city after the Islamic State took over. Amer told Syria Deeply that the rules were sent to him by the Islamic State's media office.
Among the rules are orders that journalists must pledge allegiance to the Islamic State:
1 - Correspondents must swear allegiance to the Caliph [Abu Bakr] al-Baghdadi ... they are subjects of the Islamic State and, as subjects, they are obliged to swear loyalty to their imam.
Journalists are also told that they will have to check in with the Islamic State's media office:
5 - Journalists are allowed to cover events in the governorate with either written or still images without having to refer back to the ISIS media office. All published pieces and photos must carry the journalist’s and photographer’s names.
6. Journalists are not allowed to publish any reportage (print or broadcast) without referring to the ISIS media office first.
And social media is acceptable but will be monitored.
7 - Journalists may have their own social media accounts and blogs to disseminate news and pictures. However, the ISIS media office must have the addresses and name handles of these accounts and pages.
You can read all 11 rules at Syria Deeply .
Given the Islamic State's modus operandi, these rules, while obviously extremely restrictive, are not necessarily surprising. Perhaps most surprising to Western viewers would be that the major international news agencies are tolerated but that satellite news is a no-go. Al-Arabiya, Al Jazeera and Orient are described as "channels that fight against Islamic countries," and journalists are forbidden from working with them, probably because of their respective owners (Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Syria, all of which are fighting the Islamic State).
The rules appear to be addressing local journalists, and for most Western reporters it remains untenable to visit Islamic State-controlled territory. "Reuters journalists are unable to visit the area for security reasons," one Reuters report on Raqqah noted in September . When the New York Times reported from Raqqah, it declined to name the writer, instead referring to the reporter as "an employee of the New York Times."
The rules offer a rare glimpse of how the Islamic State, the extremist group, would like to become the Islamic State, a functioning state with its own rules and laws. Earlier this summer, militants from the Islamic State released a list of rules for life in Nineveh, Iraq: Citizens were warned that thieves would face amputations, and that graves and shrines were now banned . The Islamic State later issued strict rules for education in Raqqah, which the Wall Street Journal noted included the banning of all mentions of the word "Syria."
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Be calm  Tamil Nadu CM tells Jaya supportersBe calm, Tamil Nadu CM tells Jaya supporters
Press Trust of India
AIADMK supporters weeping after learning about the dismissal of the bail plea by the Karnataka High Court judge. - M GOVARTHAN
AIADMK supporters in Erode celebrating the reported release on bail of party leader Jayalalithaa on Tuesday
Subramanian Swamy raises query on law and order in State
Chennai, October 7:  
Soon after the Karnataka High Court on Tuesday denied bail to AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Paneerselvam appealed to people not to resort to strike or any other form of protest to express solidarity with the former CM, as she would not like to cause inconvenience to the common man.
“Puratchi Thalaivi Amma (revolutionary mother) will not like any activity that will cause inconvenience to the general public,” Paneerselvam said, adding that no one should resort to closure of shops, strike or any other similar activities.
Stressing that only an approach of eschewing protest would reflect their love and support for Jayalalithaa, he urged people to engage themselves in attaining the growth goals set out in the ‘Vision 2023’ and 2014 Industrial Policy.
Hitting out at opposition parties for indulging in a “vicious campaign” on the law and order front to gain political mileage, he asserted in a statement here that the law and order situation is normal and people’s routine was not affected.
A high-level meeting of top officials and ministers was held today and law and order and development goals were deliberated. “It is not acceptable to link the State Government with the protests carried out by outfits and the people. Such protests are voluntary, driven by emotion and out of love for AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa,” he added.
BJP leader Subramanian Swamy urged Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to direct the CM to maintain law and order.
In a statement here, Swamy charged Paneerselvam of being passive when it came to the question of his party forcing transport services and all schools including private schools to remain closed for today.
“The Madras High Court had to intervene to prevent this atrocity on students that has been committed in the name of loyalty to the former Chief Minister, who is in jail in Bangalore,” he added.
“Hence, if the Chief Minister is not ready to discharge his responsibilities that he swore to it on oath of office to perform his constitutional duties, the failure to obey the directive under Article 256 of the Constitution sent by the Union Home Minister would invite the consequences of President’s rule under Article 356,” Swamy said.
He also urged the Centre to dispatch paramilitary forces in strength to Tamil Nadu to assist the State police if they are not able to maintain law and order.
Momentary jubilation
The reports about the Special Public Prosecutor not objecting to bail for Jayalalithaa triggered celebrations among party workers across Tamil Nadu before disappointment struck them following news of rejection of her plea for the relief.
AIADMK workers and Jayalalithaa supporters, who were waiting with bated breath for the high court verdict, believed the grant of bail to be true as the “news” was flashed by the party-backed Jaya TV as also by several other channels and news portals.
However, soon after they learnt that the high court has rejected the bail, angry party workers sat on the road leading to Poes Garden, Jayalalithaa’s residence, and raised slogans, demanding her release. Several news channels and portals had reported that the former CM and the three other accused have been granted conditional bail, only to retract it after the court rejected the plea.
Meanwhile, a wall poster put out by expelled AIADMK party man KC Vijay here threatening Kannadigas living in Tamil Nadu if Jayalalithaa is not released from jail created a flutter and the party sought to distance itself from the row.
The party said the poster was put on display without its sanction and stressed that it stood committed to the welfare of all sections of people.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

Walmart axes health benefits for 28 000© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ed071de-4e72-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks slide on global growth worriesStocks slide on global growth worries
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48116cf2-4dcd-11e4-9683-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jennifer Lawrence: Nude photos leak was sex crimePrint
Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence, whose nude photos were leaked online, has slammed the scam as sexual violation. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:49 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 9:50 am
Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence, whose nude photos were leaked online, has slammed the scam as sexual violation.
The 24-year-old actress was among the 101 woman celebrities, whose naked photographs were recently leaked on the Internet. It is said to be one of the biggest celebrity hacking scandals in recent memory, reported ABC news.
The pictures, which first appeared on image-sharing site 4chan, showed most of the celebrities nude or in provocative poses. Kate Upton, Selena Gomez, Kirsten Dunst, among others also feature on the list.
“It is not a scandal. It is a sex crime. It’s disgusting. The law needs to be changed, and we need to change. That’s why these websites are responsible.
“Just the fact that somebody can be sexually exploited and violated, and the first thought that crosses somebody’s mind is to make a profit from it. It’s so beyond me. I just can’t imagine being that detached from humanity. I can’t imagine being that thoughtless and careless and so empty inside,” Lawrence said, while breaking silence on the issue.
The young star said she chose to keep quiet as anything she wrote broke her further and made her cry or angry.
“I started to write an apology, but I don’t have anything to say I’m sorry for,” she said. “I was in a loving, healthy, great relationship for four years. It was long distance, and either your boyfriend is going to look at porn or he’s going to look at you,” she said about her condition.
She added that telling her family about the photos was even more difficult than figuring out what to say to the public.
She also criticised the people who looked at her nude pictures. “Anybody who looked at those pictures, you’re perpetuating a sexual offence. You should cower with shame,”
Even people who I know and love say, ‘Oh, yeah, I looked at the pictures.’ I don’t want to get mad, but at the same time I’m thinking, I didn’t tell you that you could look at my naked body,” she said.
The ‘American Hustle’ actress, however, is moving on from the incident. “Time does heal, you know. I’m not crying about it anymore. I can’t be angry anymore. I can’t have my happiness rest on these people being caught, because they might not be. I need to just find my own peace,” she said.

Gold Rises as Global Growth Concerns Spark Safe-haven BidsGovernment to Streamline Subsidies, Cheap LPG for Rich May Go: Finance Minister
Singapore: Gold extended gains to a third session on Wednesday as growing concerns over the global economy prompted safe-haven bids, while the return of top consumer China from a week-long holiday also lifted prices.
Other safe-haven assets such as bonds and the Japanese yen also got a boost as Asian stocks fell and oil prices were mired near their lowest in more than two years.
"For the moment, it does look like gold could see some more upside due to the risk averse sentiment," said a precious metal trader in Hong Kong. "But I would still bet that prices would drop back to $1,180 than sustain these gains."
Spot gold rose further above the key level of $1,200 per ounce, gaining 0.3 per cent to $1,211.89 an ounce by 0327 GMT. The metal had fallen to $1,183.46 earlier in the week - its lowest since June 2013.
Gold is well-bid as stocks fell after the International Monetary Fund cut its global economic growth forecasts for the third time this year on Tuesday, warning of weaker growth in core euro zone countries, Japan and big emerging markets like Brazil.
Equities were also hurt as German industrial output fell far more than expected in August, posting its biggest drop since the financial crisis in early 2009, the latest figures to raise question marks about Europe's largest economy.
"Despite a pause in the recent sell-off for gold and the possibility of a short covering rally, the bullish outlook on the dollar is likely to constrain any potential bullion rallies," HSBC analyst James Steel said.
The dollar has gained in recent weeks on speculation that the Federal Reserve would raise interest rates sooner and faster than expected.
Markets will be eyeing minutes of the Fed's last policy meeting due later on Wednesday for clues on when the US central bank could raise rates. Higher rates would dent demand for gold, a non-interest-bearing asset.
For now, bullion investors were keenly watching the Shanghai Gold Exchange to gauge buying interest in China, the top buyer of the metal. Chinese markets had been closed for a week for the National Day holiday.
Premiums on the exchange - the platform for all physical trades in China - were about $5-$6 an ounce above global spot prices on Wednesday, compared with about $3 before Chinese markets closed for the holiday.
Sustained robust buying from China could support a rally in gold.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

IMF trims global growth forecast. Do you see the rally in world markets fizzling outNew Member
0 Follower
No. Not at all. Forcasts are nothing to do with real needs and consumption of consumers all over the world. Slowly, whole world are marching towards growth and stability, it helps overall economy to florish.
To keep longer term view, i am bullish on world markets and particularly Indian markets.
10.25 AM Oct 8th

PM Modi s welfare reforms need to get bigger and bolderPM Narendra Modi's welfare reforms need to get bigger and bolder
By Reuters | 8 Oct, 2014, 10.27AM IST
PM has launched an ambitious plan to streamline a bloated welfare system by paying from cooking gas to university stipends via a bank account.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Kamla Rani, a 50-year-old housewife living in a run-down area of New Delhi, baulks at the idea of having heavily subsidised food benefits replaced by money deposited in a bank account.
"How can we believe the government will pay on time or increase the amount when prices go up every month?" she asked, sitting in the doorway of her modest home in Gulabi Bagh, a residential area in the north of the capital where many people live in slums.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched an ambitious plan to streamline a bloated and inefficient welfare system by paying for everything from cooking gas to university stipends via a bank account, in a bid to save billions of dollars a year.
To sell his idea, he has promised a bank account for every household - a mammoth and expensive task in a country where two in five people had lacked access to one.
But resistance among more than 800 million people entitled to subsidised food is high.
Years of double-digit inflation make them wary, the previous government's pilot schemes floundered and, with so many people unfamiliar with basic banking, benefits like accident insurance offered under the scheme may not be fully utilised.
That may explain why Modi, in his biggest attempt at fiscal change since he swept to power in May, has been less bold than some would wish, steering clear of reforming the most sensitive and costly benefits - food and fertilisers.
"The new bank accounts will not be viable if they aren't used for transfers," said one participant at a meeting where senior officials spelled out their concerns to Modi.
To prepare the ground for his reforms, Modi has set a target of opening 75 million new bank accounts by January, a target which experts believe his government can reach.
Ensuring those accounts are used to funnel all state benefits, and so reduce corruption and wastage, will be much harder, raising questions about the fate of the People's Wealth Scheme that Modi promised would end "financial untouchability".
STARTING SMALL
To begin with, the government plans to transfer subsidies of nearly Rs 400 ($6.50) a month to the bank accounts of 140 million households to pay towards the cost of cooking gas. These payments would replace a cumbersome system of subsidies and losses borne by state energy firms to provide affordable gas canisters to families.
In fact, P. Chidambaram, finance minister in the last Congress government, had already launched similar payments in parts of India and weeded out nearly 20 million "ghost" beneficiaries in the system.
It is not the only time Modi borrowed from his predecessors.
Before the election triumph of his Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in May, Modi had wanted to scrap the Aadhaar (Foundation) biometric database launched by Congress that has registered 680 million people, or about half the population.
Linking bank accounts and welfare entitlements to the database would make it harder to steal from the system, for example by creating fake identities and using them to make fraudulent claims.
In a U-turn, Modi now wants to expand the database to cover 1 billion people, linking their fingerprint ID cards to the newly opened bank accounts.
That led one political opponent to accuse Modi of putting "old wine in a new bottle", but sources familiar with the policy say that Modi is determined to forge ahead.
"It is only a matter of time before cash payment of subsidies begins," said a finance ministry official, who requested anonymity because he did not have permission to speak publicly. "You may see more action in the next budget."
Other schemes that could follow under Modi's reforms are payment of student stipends and wages under an employment scheme that guarantees 100 days' work a year to the rural poor . Such payments are now typically made cash-in-hand.
But the fate of big-ticket items, such as the $18 billion food aid programme or a $10 billion scheme to subsidise the cost of fertiliser to farmers, remains unclear.
"Modi and the BJP may have opposed Aadhaar before the elections, but now I see a clear direction that the government will soon move most subsidies to cash transfers," said Surjit Bhalla, chairman of emerging markets research and asset management firm Oxus Investments .
Bhalla, a prominent advocate of welfare reform, said it would be difficult to dismantle the vast public food distribution system quickly, but cash payments for kerosene, cooking gas and the rural jobs scheme could come in the next three years.
Page 1 of 2

Kerala Congress recommends disciplinary action against Tharoor for praising ModiOct 08, 2014 at 10:22am IST
Kerala Congress recommends disciplinary action against Tharoor for praising Modi
62
0
Thiruvananthapuram: After Congress leader Shashi Tharoor supported Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Swachh Bharat' campaign, the Congress in Kerala has recommended disciplinary action against the former minister.
The Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee (KPCC) is miffed at Tharoor after he said he was honoured to accept PM Modi's invitation to join the Swachh Bharat campaign. They have said that his style of functioning is unacceptable.
The unit has sent a report to the party High Command and left the final decision to them. The Kerala Congress has slammed Tharoor for continuously praising PM Modi. "His style of functioning is not acceptable to the KPCC as well as to the party workers of Kerala so we decided to send a report immediately," KPCC President VM Sudheeran said.
KPCC is miffed at Tharoor after he said he was honoured to accept PM Modi's invitation to join the Swachh Bharat campaign.
#kerala congress #congress #shashi tharoor #narendra modi
However, Tharoor defended himself saying that his remarks were misinterpreted and that he is not in favour of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Tharoor said that the Congress state unit has not bothered to understand his stand. "No one from Kerala Congress contacted me even though they have the numbers. I wish they had bothered to understand what I was trying to say. We should not be seen as opposing Gandhi's principles instead Congress should have taken the initiative," he said.
Tharoor also said that he "will oppose Swach Bharat campaign if it's reduced to a day old photo opportunity. As politicians we have to think of India and not be reduced to narrow politics."
KPCC is miffed at Tharoor after he said he was honoured to accept PM Modi's invitation to join the Swachh Bharat campaign.
102

Missing one-year-old Abhinav s parents take desperate measures to find himThe cleanup in cricket has started today: Lalit Modi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Actor Mohanlal s website hacked  messages favouring Pakistan postedOct 08, 2014 at  10:04am IST
Actor Mohanlal's website hacked, messages favouring Pakistan posted
20
0
Chennai: Malayalam film actor Mohanlal's official website was hacked on Tuesday allegedly by a pro-Pakistan group. The hackers posted messages supporting Pakistan's stance on the Kashmir issue.
The message on the website said that a team called Cyber Warriors was behind the hack. The website was restored shortly. His website is called thecompleteactor.com
Mohanlal had recently voiced his support for Prime Minister Narendra Modi in one of his blog posts. "The Prime Minister's said that never dream to become somebody in life but to do something sincerely; do something always and then you would become somebody once. That reply has many dimensions," the 54-year-old actor had written after Modi's teacher's day address.
The message on the website said that a team called Cyber Warriors was behind the hack.

Hong Kong protests dwindle  but talks likely to go nowhereHong Kong protests dwindle, but talks likely to go nowhere
Reuters
Tweet
Hong Kong, Oct 8:  
Hong Kong pro-democracy protests that brought tens of thousands on to the streets last week dwindled to a few hundred on Wednesday after activist leaders agreed to talks with the government which are all but certain to go nowhere.
The student-led protests have calmed since clashes with police more than a week ago and the number of protesters calling for universal suffrage has fallen dramatically since violent scuffles broke out at the weekend between demonstrators and pro-Beijing opponents.
Friday's talks will focus on "the basis for political development", the Government said, referring to plans for a 2017 election of the chief executive, Hong Kong's leader, but it was unclear how discussions could reconcile two such polarised positions.
Protesters had called on the city's current leader, Leung Chun-ying, to step down and any breakdown in the talks is widely expected to trigger another cycle of protests.
"The lack of room for the Government to back away from (China's) decision will make it difficult for the government to satisfy the student leaders' requested demands," Citi Group said in a research note.
China's Communist Party leaders rule Hong Kong through a "one country, two systems" formula which allows wide-ranging autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed on the mainland and specifies universal suffrage as an eventual goal.
But Beijing ruled on August 31 it would screen candidates who want to run for chief executive in 2017, which the democracy activists said rendered the universal suffrage concept meaningless.
China, with separatist headaches in Tibet and Xinjiang, is concerned that calls for democracy might spread on the mainland and is unlikely to give an inch of ground after the worst unrest in the former British colony since it returned to China in 1997.
"OUTSIDE FORCES"
Several Western countries, including Britain, have urged China to keep its promise about universal suffrage, though activists have urged Britain, with strong trade ties with Beijing, to take a stronger stand.
"One country, two systems has made great contributions to Hong Kong's prosperity and stability and has garnered broad international approval," Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Li Baodong told reporters on Wednesday.
"We have always opposed outside forces interfering in Hong Kong's internal affairs and China's internal politics."
A couple of hundred protesters were camped out on Wednesday on the roads leading into the city's main government and business districts in Central and Admiralty.
The mood has seesawed over the past week between chaos and calm with an almost carnival feel as protesters played guitars and drums and danced. Police have taken a hands-off approach since Sept. 28, when they fired tear gas and pepper spray.
The Occupy Central protests have presented Beijing with one of its biggest political challenges since it crushed pro-democracy demonstrations in and around Tiananmen Square in the Chinese capital in 1989.
Retail authorities have warned that a quick solution is needed before Hong Kong suffers a fall in October sales, an important shopping month that encompasses the Golden Week holiday period, for the first time since 2003.
The protests have helped wipe close to $50 billion off the value of shares on the Hong Kong stock exchange. The main index was down 0.72 per cent at noon (0400 GMT).
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

West Indies Cricket Board offers apology  says players may abandon Kochi ODIThe future of the Kochi ODI hangs in balance with the WICB issuing an apology in advance. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Posted: October 8, 2014 10:59 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:04 pm
The West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) on Wednesday said that some of its players are considering to abandon the first One Day International (ODI) between India and West Indies.
Also Read: On eve of first ODI, West Indies players and cricket board spar over revenue
WICB issued a press release, saying, “The WICB apologises to the fans, the BCCI and all other stakeholders should the first ODI be disrupted as a result of player action. The WICB is making every effort to ensure that it fulfills all its commitments and that cricket is played.”
This comes amid a tussle betweem WICB and West Indies Player’s Association (WIPA) over revenue sharing.
While captain Dwayne Bravo skipped the pre-match press conference on Tuesday, the other team members decided to miss the training session in Kochi.
However, the BCCI has told WICB to sort out their differences as soon as possible.
But with the WICB now trying to look for a “reasoned approach,” there is ambiguity about the future of the Kochi ODI.
The WICB apologises to the fans, the BCCI and all other stakeholders should the first ODI be disrupted

West Indies  the new Sri LankaVirat Kohli discuss a thing or two with coach Duncan Fletcher during the practice session in Kochi on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Aditya Iyer | Kochi | Posted: October 8, 2014 2:32 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:04 pm
Between two MS Dhoni press conferences, the one in Mumbai in April 2011 where he sat gleaming as a World Cup winning captain and the one now in Kochi in October 2014 where he spoke of the ‘long-term goal’ of defending that crown, India have played a total of 89 one-day internationals. And at best, Dhoni’s side will play a further 10 ODIs before the next quadrennial begins mid-February next year — with the first of those five games beginning against the West Indies on Wednesday and the remaining five matches (four if they don’t make the final) in a tri-series involving England and hosts Australia in January.
Yet, despite India having played nine times as many games as they can expect to until the forthcoming World Cup, Dhoni wore a confounded look when a journalist asked him whether the side, in the tune-up to the big one next year, had addressed their three big problems in ODI cricket — openers, death bowlers and spinners.
“If they were so easy to address, we would have done so by now,” he said, chuckling, before quickly turning serious and adding: “But it is a genuine concern for us. There are not many games, but we’ll see what we can achieve from the ODIs we have before the World Cup.”
Those remaining matches have been split into two batches of five, with the first set spinning off here against the West Indies — a team that is ranked marginally better than Bangladesh, Zimbabwe, Afghanistan and Ireland in one-day cricket. At home no less, where India haven’t lost a bilateral ODI series comprising of at least five matches since they did to the then world champions, Australia, in 2009. Nevertheless, here they are again, those humble triers from the Caribbean, for the third time time in four years (five times in four years, if you consider India’s tours of the West Indies), this time in the build-up to the World Cup.
WICB on speed dial
Just as Sri Lanka once were, West Indies are now a wholesome part of India’s comfort diet. Need some confidence abroad before touring England in 2011? Go to the West Indies. Need some confidence after getting walloped by England in 2011? Call home the West Indies. Don’t want to go to South Africa and need a suitable team to bid farewell to a living legend in 2013? Tring tring WICB. Want to fine-tune the squad with the World Cup in mind in 2014? You get the message.
ICC’s FTP perhaps doesn’t quite work like that, but the two sides truly have bumped into each other a lot in recent memory — in the Caribbean, in India and in England (Champions Trophy). And in all those games put together, West Indies have won all of two ODI matches of consequence. One in Ahmedabad in continued…
But it is a genuine concern for us. There are not many games, but we’ll see what we can achieve from the ODIs we have before the World Cup

Kevin Pietersen to team: You lot are a bunch of useless c****Kevin Pietersen had come under fire from all quarters after what he chose to reveal in his tell-all interview to the The Daily Telegraph. (Source: AP)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 1:45 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 9:21 am
ESPN Cricinfo claimed on Tuesday that it was in possession of a legal document prepared before negotiations started between the England and Wales Cricket Board and Kevin Pietersen, which eventually ended the batsman’s England career. The Telegraph also reported about the document on Tuesday. The five-page document touches upon the following.
“Upon arrival in Adelaide for the Second Test, AF (Andy Flower) gave instructions to players not to stay out late and not to give the press any ammunition, which KP immediately disobeyed by taking out two young players drinking with him until late.
Prior to the Perth Test, an England team physiotherapist informed AF that Pietersen had told him that he was looking to do anything to go home after the Perth Test if England go 3-0 down. KP allegedly told the physio that if England lost the match, his knee was “going to be really playing up”, The Telegraph reported.
The Telegraph also reported that: After playing a terrible shot to get out in one of his innings in the Fourth Test, KP returned to the England dressing room and in front the younger England players, shouted “you lot are a bunch of useless c****”.
‘You need thicker skin’
It riled the team and management that KP allowed Piers Morgan to belittle AC (Alastair Cook) and the team on social media. When asked by some of his team-mates to get Piers Morgan to stop tweeting about the team, Pietersen told the players to get a thicker skin.
The document claims that prior to the fifth and final Test Andy Flower called a meeting with Pietersen after hearing that he had told Alastair Cook, Matt Prior and others that Flower should no longer be coach of the team.
Flower told Pietersen at the end of the meeting that he was amazed that after seven years of working together and Flower bending over backwards for Pietersen, that he would be so incredibly disloyal as to try to get rid of Flower behind his back.
Upon arrival in Adelaide for the Second Test, AF (Andy Flower) gave instructions to players not to stay out late

Nearly a decade after Manchester United exit  Roy Keane lets it ripRoy Keane's autobiography, "Second Half," will hit the stands on Thursday. (Source: AP)
Reuters | London | Posted: October 8, 2014 1:31 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 8:19 am
Former Manchester United captain Roy Keane regrets having apologised to Alex Ferguson after the falling-out which led to him leaving the club in 2005, leaked extracts from his new autobiography have revealed.
The book, “The Second Half”, is not due out until Thursday but parts of it appeared online on Monday and a Manchester supermarket mistakenly put some copies on sale before hastily withdrawing them. Ferguson criticised Keane in a book of his own last year, and said he had “a savage tongue”. The final straw in their relationship had come when Keane did an interview criticising a number of his teammates for a poor performance. United declined to transmit it and Ferguson insisted on the whole squad watching a video before deciding Keane would have to leave.
There had been widespread anticipation over the volatile Irishman’s response. But amid a welter of expletives, the strongest criticism Keane comes up with is that United could have told him: “Keep your head down, play a few games and come the end of the season we’ll say it was best for you to go.”
Instead, he writes, Ferguson and chief executive David Gill already had a statement prepared about his departure when he was summoned to the manager’s office. Soon after leaving for Celtic, where he played only a handful of games before retiring, Keane apologised to Ferguson.“Now I kind of wish I hadn’t,” Keane writes. “I was apologising for what had happened – that it had happened. But I wasn’t apologising for my behaviour or stance. There’s a difference – I had nothing to apologise for.”
Keep your head down, play a few games and come the end of the season we’ll say it was best for you to go

Rafael Nadal has appendicitis but banks on antibiotics to stay on courtRafael Nadal on Tuesday said that he will be consulting his doctors in Spain once he reaches there. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Shanghai | Posted: October 8, 2014 1:47 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 9:31 am
Rafael Nadal is counting on antibiotics to control his appendicitis so he can get through the Shanghai Masters this week. The second-ranked Nadal began feeling pain in his abdomen late Saturday, and the next day went to the hospital where he learned he had the early stages of appendicitis.
Nadal said on Tuesday he chose to try treatment with antibiotics rather than undergo surgery right away.
He felt well enough to begin hitting again, he said. The 14-time Major winner said the risk of his condition getting worse after three days of steady improvement “is always very, very low.”
“I am not going to go for surgery. That’s great news for me today. That’s why I’m here practicing for 45 minutes, and trying to play tomorrow. But obviously I am not in my best condition,’’ he said. Nadal said he will talk with his doctors when he returns to Spain after the tournament about whether he will need to have the appendix removed.
“My idea is take it out, but you can imagine that I didn’t (think) much about that yet. I am here in Shanghai. I just want to try. Then when I go back home, I will talk about the situation with my doctor,” he said.
The Spaniard is playing just his second tournament since returning from a two-month layoff due to a wrist injury.
After missing the summer hard-court season, including the defense of his title at the US Open, Nadal said it was important to get back on the court as soon as possible so he’s back in top form before the Australian Open in January. He reached the China Open quarterfinals last week.
“I don’t expect anything from these two tournaments. I expect just to come here and play again and practice and feel a little bit again the competition, try to get in rhythm as soon as possible,” he said. Nadal plays his opening match on Wednesday against countryman Feliciano Lopez.
Fognini shocked
Meanwhile, Fabio Fognini of Italy lost to a Chinese wild card making his ATP Tour debut, then bumped into him at the net and gave an obscene gesture to the crowd.
The No. 17-ranked Fognini, a 10-year professional, was upset by the 553rd-ranked Wang Chuhan 7-6 (5), 6-4. After the two shook hands, Fognini gave Wang a little shove with his arm as they crossed paths, then flashed his middle finger to the crowd upon exiting the stadium.
The fiery Italian, who was fined $27,500 at Wimbledon for outbursts during a first-round match, has lost five of six matches since reaching the Cincinnati quarterfinals in August.
Wang said he knew Fognini’s game somewhat after practicing with him in Beijing last week, but didn’t have a lot of confidence heading into the match.
“When I was practicing with him before, I found he’s more fast-paced than me,” he said. “This match has really, most continued…
My idea is take it out, but you can imagine that I didn’t (think) much about that yet. I am here in Shanghai

Ishapore factory develops Indian variant of ... Rifle Factory, Ishapore, one of the oldest ordnance factories in the country, has successfully designed an assault rifle on the lines of the AK-47.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
KOLKATA: Rifle Factory, Ishapore, one of the oldest ordnance factories in the country, has successfully designed an assault rifle on the lines of the AK-47.
Sources in the Ordnance Factory Board said the prototype of this weapon had successfully cleared field trials by the Army, the Indian Air Force and the Sashastra Seema Bal .
The Ishapore factory will soon start production of 50,000 units of this rifle in the first phase.
For over a decade now, the Ordnance Factory Board has been attempting to develop an indigenous assault rifle on the lines of the AK-47. Initially, there was some embarrassment after an ordnance factory displayed an indigenous replica of the AK-47 at a defence expo in Delhi. This didn't go unnoticed and Mikhail Kalashnikov, the inventor of the world's most sold and used assault rifle that goes by his name, threatened to file a copyright violation suit against the Indian ordnance factory.
"Since then, our designers have been attempting to develop an assault rifle, using the AK-47 as a model but without replicating any of its mechanism. Three ordnance factories tried to develop their own variants. These were Rifle Factory of Ishapore, the Small Arms Factory of Kanpur and the Ordnance Factory of Tiruchirapalli. The Ishapore factory has a long history of developing and making rifles. During the World Wars, this factory produced .303 bolt-action rifles for the Allied forces. After the 1962 Sino-India conflict, the factory developed and built the 7.62mm self-loading semi-automatic rifle. This rifle was called the Ishapore Rifle and it went on to become the mainstay for the Indian security forces for several decades. In the 90's, the factory started manufacturing the 5.56mm Insas rifles that are still the primary personal weapon of the Indian infantryman," an official said.
The three factories at Ishapore, Kanpur and Tiruchirapalli built prototypes that underwent tests for the first time earlier this year. Minor defects were detected in all three variants. While the one developed by the Ishapore factory was declared fit in all other aspects, it failed to operate successfully in mud. An assault rifle has to be effective in all conditions, even when fired from under slush.
"This defect was rectified subsequently and when the final round of tests was conducted, the Ishapore variant was declared the best. This is an improved version of any assault rifle and the designers borrowed several facets from the 5.56mm Insas, which was also developed at Ishapore, while making this rifle. With the Insas going out of production, facilities at the Ishapore factory were lying idle. The new order will sustain the factory for the times to come," the official added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

 Sesa Says Iron Ore Export Tax Needs to be ScrappedKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New Delhi/Singapore:
India needs to swiftly remove a tax on iron ore exports, the country's top private miner of the commodity said, calling the duty an "economic barrier" in the face of falling global prices.
The country's iron ore shipments have already slowed to a trickle after a ban on mining in key producing states, with a 30 per cent tax on exports making it even more difficult to sell to a world market where prices have sunk 40 per cent this year.
"There is an urgent need to eliminate the export duty, which represents an economic barrier to mining in the current low price environment for low grade iron ore fines," Tom Albanese, chief executive of Vedanta Resources that controls Sesa Sterlite Ltd, told Reuters in an email.
Sesa hopes to restart mining in Goa early next year after a decision by the Supreme Court in April 2014 to lift a 19-month mining ban in the state aimed at weeding out illegal miners.
But with global iron ore prices sliding, it makes more sense for miners there to sell to local steelmakers than export. Mining curbs have also forced some Indian steel producers to import iron ore.
The problem is that the iron ore produced in Goa is of little use to Indian steelmakers, many of whom lack the sophisticated plants needed to process the low-grade material.
"Amidst low export revenue and high taxes within the country, it is very difficult for these miners to sustain operational profits," said Prakash Duvvuri, head of research at Indian consultancy OreTeam.
The 2015 restart for Sesa's operations in Goa, previously India's top exporting state, indicates months of delay versus initial expectations for a restart in September.
"Based on recent public comments by the government of Goa, it's now probably realistic to assume mining to start by January to February at the earliest," Albanese said in the email late on Tuesday. Albanese was previously the CEO of Rio Tinto, but quit the mining giant last year after the company revealed a $14 billion writedown.
Rio on Tuesday said it rejected a takeover approach from smaller rival Glencore Plc that would have created a $160 billion mining and commodities behemoth, a proposal Glencore made in July as prices of Rio's top moneymaker iron ore headed to five-year lows.
SUPPLY GLUT
A surge in global supply, led by top producers Australia and Brazil, has depressed iron ore prices this year to their weakest since September 2009 at around $80 a tonne.
That has pushed many smaller producers from Asia to South America out of the market as big, low-cost miners like Vale, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton dominate.
Before the sustained slump in global iron ore prices, Sesa was targeting a six-fold jump in output in the year to March 2015 after the Goa ban was lifted. Sesa's mining operations are mostly in Goa.
India used to be the world's No.3 exporter of the steelmaking ingredient until higher costs along with mining bans in key states Goa and Karnataka slashed shipments. India's exports to top market China stood at 7.5 million tonnes over January-August, ranking ninth, behind Chile and Malaysia.
Along with existing high taxes and freight charges, India is also planning to increase the royalty on iron ore - or the percentage of sales paid to state governments - to 15 per cent from 10 per cent. The high costs, Duvvuri said, might force smaller miners in Goa to either sell their mines or close down.
"As far as fresh mineral extraction is concerned, it's not viable at all. So it's not a question of what are the margins. Margins are not there," said Ambar Timblo, managing director of Goa-based miner Fomento Resources.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

West Indies players mull strike over pay structureMore
West Indies players mull strike over pay structure
In an extraordinary and unprecedented move, West Indies players have come out strongly against WIPA president and chief executive Wavell Hinds, who they claim "hoodwinked" them while signing a new memorandum of understanding with the WICB last month
By Nagraj Gollapudi | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 7 Oct, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
In an extraordinary and unprecedented move, West Indies players have come out strongly against the West Indies Players Association (WIPA) president and chief executive Wavell Hinds, who they claim "hoodwinked" them and did not take their inputs while signing a new memorandum of understanding with the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) last month, under which they would suffer a significant cut in their payment.
It leaves open the possibility of the players going on strike, and in a letter - which ESPNcricinfo is in possession of - Dwayne Bravo wrote "on behalf of the players" that the morale within the team as they prepare for the first ODI against India, to be played on Wednesday in Kochi, was "at an all-time low". Incidentally West Indies skipped the scheduled training session on Tuesday afternoon as well as the media briefing without giving any reason.
It is not yet clear whether the players will indeed go on strike during the India series, which includes five ODIs and one Twenty20 followed by three Tests. Such a development would not be far-fetched as the letter noted: "We wish to make it very clear that should the players be forced to take matters into their our own hands, we will not hesitate to take the appropriate action as see fit. We will hold you and the WIPA Board who support this process liable."
Dwayne BravoThe WICB issued a press release in response on Tuesday evening, stating an apology "to the fans, the BCCI and all other stakeholders should the first ODI be disrupted as a result of player action. The WICB is making every effort to ensure that it fulfills all its commitments and that cricket is played."
On September 18, Hinds and WICB president Whycliffe "Dave" Cameron signed a fresh collective bargaining agreement and MoU in Barbados, putting behind them a saga of bitter and acrimonious disputes between the two bodies, which had resulted in frequent threats of player strikes at a time when West Indies cricket had hit rock bottom. Cameron called the new agreement a "watershed" moment, while Hinds said it promoted meritocracy, providing a fair share of WICB revenue to the regional players unlike the old structure where the majority share went to international players.
But Bravo and his team-mates insisted that they would want the old structure back. Only because under the new MoU, the players "understand" their Test, ODI and T20 fees "have been decreased by 75%"; that they will receive "no compensation for the use of our rights. That has been decreased by 100%"; and their ICC fees have been "decreased by close to 100%".
What irked the players the most, Bravo said, was being kept in the dark about the "purported agreement". The letter stated that the first time any agreement was seen by the players was a match/tour contract with a new fee structure "significantly different from what we received in the past. This was given to us in India." It also said the players had been trying to seek answers from Hinds who had not responded; that prompted them to carry their own investigations after which they found out "little or no legal advice" had been taken by WIPA.
The letter reveals that players felt they were not represented properly by WIPA under Hinds. "We are disappointed with the lack of proper representation and the players are now forced to make this proposal without any details as to how this new purported agreement was even arrived at and by whom, since the only advice we have received from you as President and CEO of WIPA is to not sign the contract/agreement that was sent by the WICB. The players are of the view that as a matter of principle, we should not accept these conditions whereby we are being asked to play a series against India without any certainty of what are our obligations and what we will be playing for."
ESPNcricinfo sought responses from WIPA and Hinds but they were unavailable for a comment. Bravo said that the West Indies team management including team manager Richie Richardson, WICB team director Richard Pybus and Clive Lloyd, the selection committee chairman, were made aware of the players' stand. "We have articulated this position to Mr. Richardson, Mr. Pybus and Mr. Lloyd, who all understand our position."
As a way forward the players want WIPA to re-negotiate the agreement with WICB after the players have included their inputs. "We wish at this stage to once again reiterate our position as a way forward, let us continue under the old structure until we are able to properly negotiate a fair and reasonable agreement in the best interest of West Indies cricket. This in our view is a sensible approach since it would give us players an opportunity to have an input, seek the necessary advice and put our house in order."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Nokia employees union exploring legal optionsNokia employees’ union exploring ‘legal options’
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Oct 8:  
A day after Nokia announced its decision to suspend operations at its facility in Sriperumbudur near here, the employees’ Union is looking at “legal options“.
According to the Nokia India Employees Union, there are about 900 employees still working at the factory. Following the Nokia-Microsoft $7.2 billion deal, the voluntary retirement scheme was offered for employees and 5,700 of them opted for it, from the total of 6,600.
Yesterday, Nokia announced that it would suspend handset manufacturing at the Chennai plant from November, due to the termination of services agreement with Microsoft.
Responding to the company’s decision, Nokia India Thozhilalargal Sangam (Nokia India Employees Union), Honorary President and sitting MLA, A Soundararajan, said: “This is illegal. They have indirectly told us to leave the organisation. We are asking them to take care of our future.
Some of the employees are working here for several years.”
Nokia India Employees Union is a registered trade body and is backed by CITU.
Asked about further course of action, he said, “The management has issued circular in the factory about suspension of operations at the plant. We decided to hold a meeting last night. But it has been postponed.”
“We will be meeting again later this week and decide. We will pursue legal options. We are also planning to meet the Labour Department,” he told PTI.
According to him, about 900 employees would lose their jobs following the suspension of operations at the plant.
Another Union official flayed the management for not giving any clear picture on the future of the employees.
“They (Management) have clearly informed that the plant will suspend operations. But they did not inform about the future of the employees who are currently working there...”, Nokia India Employees Union Advisor, M UdhayaKumar said.
In a statement issued yesterday, Nokia said it is evaluating options to minimise the impact on existing employees at the plant and would share further information once the details have been finalised.
According to the Union, the factory employed about 8,000 people, of which 60 per cent comprise women. About 10,000 people were indirectly employed in the region.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Modi should focus on Pakistan not Maharashtra: Shiv SenaModi should focus on Pakistan not Maharashtra: Shiv Sena
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 8:  
Shiv Sena today attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the issue of ceasefire violations by Pakistan, saying he should focus on stopping the “atrocities” by the neighbouring country and not Maharashtra politics.
Claiming that Pakistan has been emboldened by government’s failure to take “firm” steps against the cross-border firing and shelling, the BJP’s erstwhile ally took a pot-shot at Modi saying one does not need a 56-inch chest to protect the interests of the nation but a strong will power.
Keeping Modi busy in election rallies across the state while he is most needed at the Centre is like undermining the national security of India, the Shiv Sena said in its editorial mouthpiece ‘Saamna’
Referring to Modi’s extensive campaigning for the BJP in Maharashtra ahead of state assembly polls, the Sena said, “We can talk about the politics of Maharashtra later as well Modi ji, but for now it is most important that we do not bear the atrocities committed by our neighbour.”
“Do you need a 56-inch chest to protect the interests of the nation and to teach Pakistan a lesson for their misdeeds? All you need is a strong will power to give it back to them in the same measure,” it said.
“Pakistan is daring to continuously fire on the Indian side because there are no firm steps taken by the Indian government,” Sena said.
It added that that it is pity that Indian villagers across the bordering areas have to take shelter in safer places to protect themselves from the onslaught of the Pakistani Rangers.
“It is not only our people whose life is threatened by the Pakistanis, even their homes are being destroyed by the Pakistani onslaught. Houses as far as four kilometres away from the border have been badly affected by the continuous firing.
“Our citizens are now running away from their homes to escape death that may catch up with them in the darkness of the night. It’s a pity they have to leave their homes this way,” the Sena morninger said.
So far seven persons have been killed and nearly 70 injured in the ceasefire violations by Pakistan since October 1 with over 16,000 people migrating to safer areas.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Nokia India Employees Union mulling legal ac...You are here: Home > Collections > Sriperumbudur
Nokia India Employees Union mulling legal action over closure of Chennai facility
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 12.06PM IST
Tags:
Labour department
(Following the Nokia-Microsoft…)
CHENNAI: A day after Nokia announced its decision to suspend operations at its facility in Sriperumbudur near here, the employees' Union is looking at "legal options".
According to Nokia India Employees Union, there are about 900 employees still working at the factory. Following the Nokia-Microsoft USD 7.2 billion deal, the voluntary retirement scheme was offered for employees and 5,700 of them opted for it, from the total of 6,600.
Yesterday, Nokia announced that it would suspend handset manufacturing at the Chennai plant from November, due to the termination of services agreement with Microsoft .
Responding to the company's decision, Nokia India Thozhilalargal Sangam (Nokia India Employees Union), Honorary President and sitting MLA A Soundararajan said: "This is illegal. They have indirectly told us to leave the organisation. We are asking them to take care of our future. Some of the employees are working here for several years."
Nokia India Employees Union is a registered trade body and is backed by CITU.
Asked about further course of action, he said, "The management has issued circular in the factory about suspension of operations at the plant. We decided to hold a meeting last night. But it has been postponed."
"We will be meeting again later this week and decide. We will pursue legal options. We are also planning to meet the Labour Department ," he told PTI.
According to him, about 900 employees would lose their jobs following the suspension of operations at the plant.
Another Union official flayed the management for not giving any clear picture on the future of the employees.
"They (Management) have clearly informed that the plant will suspend operations. But they did not inform about the future of the employees who are currently working there...", Nokia India Employees Union Advisor, M UdhayaKumar said.
In a statement issued yesterday, Nokia said it is evaluating options to minimise the impact on existing employees at the plant and would share further information once the details have been finalised.
According to the Union, the factory employed about 8,000 people, of which 60 per cent comprise women. About 10,000 people were indirectly employed in the region.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GSK India head Zubair Ahmed gets global roleGSK Consumer Healthcare Zubair Ahmed appointed head of Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa region
Ratna Bhushan, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 11.51AM IST
Tags:
Business Partnership
(As part of the new role, Ahmed…)
NEW DELHI: GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (GSKCH) India MD Zubair Ahmed has been named designated head of Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa for the proposed joint venture between GSK Consumer Healthcare and pharmaceutical firm Novartis' OTC business.
As part of the new role, Ahmed will oversee operations of over 100 countries, joining the growing league of Indians taking on top roles globally.
This role expansion has been announced as a part of the integration planning process for the proposed joint venture with Novartis. Ahmed will take over this role following closure of the deal which is expected in the first half of 2015.
Ahmed joined GSK Consumer in 2007 and over the last seven years, GSK's revenues have more than tripled revenues.
In this new capacity, his responsibility, in addition to the Indian sub continent business, will include Asia Pacific (including China, Japan, Australia and New Zealand) and the Middle East (including Turkey, Iran and Pakistan).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent falls to 27-mth low under $91 | Oil co...MUMBAI: Shares of oil companies surged after Brent crude oil fell to 27-month low on global growth, oil glut concerns.
Refiners benefited from low oil prices because of higher margins, while explorers benefited from reduced subsidy burdens.
Hindustan Petroleum Corp surged 4.9 per cent, Indian Oil Corp rose 5.15 per cent while Bharat Petroleum Corp was up 3.47 per cent.
Oil and Natural Gas Corp gained 2.08 per cent, while Oil India is up 0.3 per cent.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Top 5 stocks which can return upto 53% | Sensex @ noon: top 20 betsMarkets rangebound; top 20 trading bets
ET Now Oct 8, 2014, 03.03PM IST
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian markets are trading in the red, thanks t global growth worries.
At 2:58 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,336.69, up 64.72 points. The Nifty was at 7,866.90, down 14.50 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Cipla Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 560 and a stop loss of Rs 590
Aurobindo Pharma Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 950 and a stop loss of Rs 975
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 535 and a stop loss of Rs 500
IndusInd Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 635 and a stop loss of Rs 600
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 293 and a stop loss of Rs 312
NTPC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 148 and a stop loss of Rs 139
Bata India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1405 and a stop loss of Rs 1324
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 378 and a stop loss of Rs 362
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
BPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 681 and a stop loss of Rs 661
Aurobindo Pharma Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 932 and a stop loss of Rs 968
Wipro Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 580 and a stop loss of Rs 610
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 218 and a stop loss of Rs 207
Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 240 and a stop loss of Rs 225
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 950 and a stop loss of Rs 925
Shrikant Chouhan, Senior VP - Technical Research, Kotak Securities
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 197
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1500 and a stop loss of Rs 1415
Tata Steel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 465 and a stop loss of Rs 435
Rakesh Bansal, VP- R K Global
NMDC is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 152 and a stop loss of Rs 169
IndusInd Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 570 and a stop loss of Rs 635
Canara Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 337 and a stop loss of Rs 363.50
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys cracks 4% as Citi downgrades stock to  neutral  from  buy  ahead of Q2 resultsYou are here: Home > Collections > Citigroup
Infosys slips after Citi downgrades stock ahead of results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 01.02PM IST
Tags:
Analyst Recommendation
(Infosys Ltd plunged as much…)
NEW DELHI: Infosys Ltd plunged as much as 4.88 per cent in trade on Wednesday, after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "buy." However, they have increased the 12-month target price to Rs 4065 from Rs 3875 earlier.
Infosys has outperformed the market by 10 per cent post the 1Q results and the stock is now trading at 17x 1-year forward earnings. The IT major is scheduled to report its results for the quarter ended September 30 on Friday.
"The company has done well on the cost initiatives and a new management team is in now in place - these positives are adequately discounted in the multiple and consistent pick-up may not be easy - post the rerating, we downgrade to Neutral," said the global investment bank.
At 12:03 p.m, Infosys was trading 3.9 per cent lower at Rs 3681. It hit a low of Rs 3667.10 and a high of Rs 3800 in trade today.
Citigroup expects Infosys to deliver 3.2 per cent QoQ revenue growth, decent in the context of the volatility the company has faced in the past many quarters. The upper end of the FY guidance may be revised lower given the cross-currency movements.
"We expect margins to improve 80 bps due to INR depreciation and lower visa costs qoq. Comments on any strategic changes by the new CEO would be a key investor focus," said the report.
The global investment bank has revised estimates marginally by 5%, incorporating revised currency forecasts (Rs61/$ now vs Rs59.5/$ earlier) and some changes to our revenue/margin assumptions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

After Priyanka  Shiv Sena mocks at Modis 56-inch chestpolitical development
Maharashtra can wait, focus on Pakistan ceasefire violations, Shiv Sena tells the Prime Minister
The Shiv Sena on Wednesday attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the issue of ceasefire violations by Pakistan, saying he should focus on stopping the “atrocities” by the neighbouring country and not Maharashtra politics.
Claiming that Pakistan has been emboldened by government’s failure to take “firm” steps against the cross-border firing and shelling, the BJP’s erstwhile ally took a pot-shot at Mr. Modi saying one does not need a 56-inch chest to protect the interests of the nation but a strong will power.
Keeping Mr. Modi busy in election rallies across the State while he is most needed at the Centre is like undermining the national security of India, the Shiv Sena said in its editorial mouthpiece Saamna.
Referring to Mr. Modi’s extensive campaigning for the BJP in Maharashtra ahead of State Assembly polls, the Sena said, “We can talk about the politics of Maharashtra later as well Modiji, but for now it is most important that we do not bear the atrocities committed by our neighbour.”
“Do you need a 56-inch chest to protect the interests of the nation and to teach Pakistan a lesson for their misdeeds? All you need is a strong will power to give it back to them in the same measure,” it said.
“Pakistan is daring to continuously fire on the Indian side because there are no firm steps taken by the Indian government,” the Sena said.
It added that that it is pity that Indian villagers across the bordering areas have to take shelter in safer places to protect themselves from the onslaught of the Pakistan Rangers.
“It is not only our people whose life is threatened by the Pakistanis, even their homes are being destroyed by the Pakistani onslaught. Houses as far as four kilometres away from the border have been badly affected by the continuous firing.
“Our citizens are now running away from their homes to escape death that may catch up with them in the darkness of the night. It’s a pity they have to leave their homes this way,” the Sena organ said.
So far seven persons have been killed and nearly 70 injured in the ceasefire violations by Pakistan since October 1, 2014 with over 16,000 people migrating to safer areas.

Gas prices key for urea investment policy to work: HDFC SecEven in the last policy, there was no clarity on what will be the gas price and how the returns will shape up in the long term
Satish Mishra
Research Analyst
HDFC Securities
Fertilizer stocks like RCF  and Chambal Fertilizers  have been trading higher post a CNBC-Awaaz exclusive, which states that the government has notified a New Urea Investment Policy, under which the companies will get a subsidy only if the production starts in the next five years.
As per the notification, the subsidy will continue till 8 years after the commencement of production. Private companies are required to give a bank guarantee worth Rs 300 crore for every project, while public firms have been exempted from it.
Discussing the details of the move, Satish Mishra, Research Analyst at HDFC Securities, said the government has been trying to bring a policy for the past 2-3 years and due to mismatch between expectations, the investment has not been picking up.
He said the other catch for urea fertilizer plants is the gas price. “Even in the last policy, there was no clarity on what will be the gas price and how the returns will shape up in the long term. If gas prices are attractive then we will definitely see huge investment happening in the sector,” he said.
Below is the transcript of Satish Mishra’s interview with Nigel D’Souza and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Reema: We or CNBC Awaaz understands that the government has notified the new urea investment policy and you will get a government subsidy only if production starts in the next five years. How big is this development for the fertiliser sector, how did you read it?
A: We need to see it from the perspective that government is trying to bring a policy from last two or three years and always because of some mismatch between expectation – actually the investment is not picking up. So, even if I just go by these two or three points which you just mentioned, that the plant has to come in five years that is quite possible because it takes just 3.5-4 years for a new plant to come. 
However, the catch over here is, for urea fertiliser plant, gas price is the key. So, even in the last policy also there was no clarity on what will be the gas price and how the returns will shape up in the long-term. So, even in the current information I don’t think that government this time will not provide any information related to gas pricing. So, if gas prices are attractive then definitely we will see huge investment happening in the sector because there has been no investment for last 10-15 years. However, as I said gas price is key for this. 
Nigel: We are seeing all the stocks flying away but you believe that till we get some clarity with regard to the gas prices only then this will have a meaningful impact? 
A: There are two pointers to it. First is as I said there has been no capacity addition, one and second is government knows that this is the only space where they can do anything related to fertiliaer because for complex we have to completely rely on imports. So, this is one thing for sure that we will see investment in the sector whether this policy or there will be some modification in some other policy but one thing is sure that there will be investment in this urea sector. 
Coming to the players who probably will benefit out of it, the names you said Rashtriya Chemicals & Fertilisers (RCF), Chambal Fertilisers these are the players who have always shown interest into putting up a new facility. So, my idea is very clear that it might be that this policy will be like everyone will accept it or there can be further delay from these levels but these are the players who are definitely going to benefit. 
Reema: You said that government has been trying to introduce this policy at least for the last three or four years. So for it to impact meaningfully what should be the changes that the government or what needs to be done?
A: As I said gas price is the key. So, we have to see two things, one is what we are hearing that gas price will USD 8-8.5. We need to consider a case that even after eight years of buyback what will be the gas price then because if you see international reports, all suggest that international urea prices are going to be muted for next few years because of abundant availability of shale gas and all. 
So, definitely players would like to have a clear view what will be the gas price 5-10 years down the line from here because these plants they have to operate for 20-30 years. So, gas price clarity over the time is the key for any player to put investment.
Rashtriya Chem stock price
On November 24, 2014, Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilisers closed at Rs 68.00, down Rs 1.2, or 1.73 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 73.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 30.15.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 6.65 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 10.23. The latest book value of the company is Rs 45.47 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.50.
RELATED NEWS

Shares of oil cos surge after Brent falls to 27-month lowShares of oil companies surge after Brent falls to 27-month low
Abhishek Vishnoi        Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 12:57 IST
Photo: Reuters
Shares of oil companies surged on Wednesday after Brent fell to 27-month low on global growth, oil glut concerns.
Refiners benefitted from lower oil because of higher margins, while explorers benefitted from reduced subsidy burdens.
Hindustan Petroleum shares surged 4.22 per cent, while shares of Indian Oil rose 3.51 per cent and Bharat Petroleum 2.86 per cent.
Shares of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation gained 5.85 per cent, while Oil India was trading 0.37 per cent higher on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) at 12:30 pm.
(Reuters)

Christopher Nolan is miffed with me: AlPacinoPress Trust of India | London | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:14 pm
Hollywood star AL Pacino has revealed director Christopher Nolan is upset with him because he turned
down one of his films. The 74-year-old actor said that he has not being offered a role in a Nolan-directed film since he declined the chance to appear in one earlier, reported Contactmusic.
“He hasn’t offered me a film in a while, you know why? He asked me to be in this movie and I didn’t do it. I think that might have miffed him a little bit, but I’m being presumptuous myself,” Pacino said.
He starred in Nolan’s 2002 thriller ‘Insomnia’, but refused to reveal which film he turned down.

Jessie J sympathises with JustinBieberPress Trust of India | London | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:57 am
Singer Jessie J has revealed she wrote a letter for pop star Justin Bieber to show her support for him during his turbulent period earlier this year. The ‘Bang Bang’ hitmaker said she felt the need to support Bieber, 20, because of the immense pressure he is under and the attention his fame brings to him, reported Contactmusic.
“I just felt like it was my duty. I hand-wrote it, old school. I was just like, ‘I’m here, you’re amazing.’ He’s
young and he’s got so much pressure on him. It’s easy for people to comment when he’s having a photo taken of him, but you don’t see what we see.
“When it’s just a picture of us, you’re not seeing the hundreds of people pushing you, kicking you and hurling abuse at you. Sometimes even the people you may frown upon, whose behaviour you may frown upon, they’re the ones that need the most help,” she said.
Jessie, 26, eventually made the decision not to post the letter as she felt it might be inappropriate to send it to someone who she doesn’t know.
“I just didn’t think it was my place. I know people who know him, so I could have got it (the letter) to him. But instead I just made sure his people knew I was available to speak to m as I have been to many artists,” the singer said.

Kerala: 9 convicted in moral police murdercasePrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:57 am
A district sessions court in Kerala on Wednesday found nine persons guilty in connection with a sensational ‘moral police murder case’.
The case pertained to the brutal murder of a youth named Shahid Bava, 27, a native of Kodiyathur village in Kozhikode in 2011. Bava had an affair with a woman in his village, but a group of youths in the region were irked over their relation.
According to prosecution, on the night of November 10, 2011, while Bava was returning from the house of the woman, a group of 15 men pounced on him with sticks and iron rods. A seriously injured Bava died the next day.
Police had probed for the involvement of extremist elements in the incident, but nothing was revealed to that angle.
Police had arrested 14 persons, while one of the accused is still absconding. On Wednesday, the district sessions court in Kozhikode found nine of them guilty, but acquitted four others. The quantum of punishment will be pronounced later.

Kerry Washington to star in romanticcomedyPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:49 am
‘Scandal’ star Kerry Washington has signed on to play the lead in MGM’s romantic comedy ‘Is He The One’.
Malcolm D Lee will direct the movie from a script by DJ Richardson and Michelle Morgan, reported the Entertainment Weekly.
The film opens with a bride (Washington) getting ready for her wedding. Through flashbacks, the film recounts her three serious relationships. It will end with the 37-year-old actress walking down the aisle, but who will greet her is unknown.

Kerala Congress to submit report seeking action against ShashiTharoorSensing the build-up in the party against him for praising Modi, Tharoor on Tuesday tweeted that the PM should work for an India cleansed of bigotry, hatred, intolerance and divisiveness, an India that is truly clean.
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:39 am | Updated: October 9, 2014 12:33 am
Congress in Kerala on Wednesday said it would submit a report to the party high command seeking appropriate action against Shashi Tharoor, who has faced the ire of party leaders on charges of accepting Narendra Modi’s invite to join Swacch Bharat campaign.
Party state president V M Sudheeran said, “Tharoor has been repeatedly praising Narendra Modi. His action has hurt the sentiments of the Congress workers in Kerala, who have fought against the BJP to elect Tharoor. The party would ask the high command to take appropriate action against Tharoor, in a manner not to repeat such actions.”
Sudheeran said he would submit a report to the high command detailing all the incidents in which Tharoor had repeatedly praised Modi. “He had repeatedly praised Modi, hurting the sentiments of the Congress workers. Hence, we want the high command to take necessary action.”
Sudheeran held discussions with Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala and former party state chiefs, before arriving at the decision to leave the matter to party central leadership.
Party sources said the issue was referred to the high command considering the factors that Tharoor is party’s national spokesman and a member of the AICC.
To the party move, Tharoor reacted in Twitter, “Delighted to learn KPCC is preparing a ‘detailed report.’ That means they might finally actually read what I wrote instead of oral summaries.”

Here are few stock trading ideas from Ashish ChaturmohtaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are few stock trading ideas from Ashish Chaturmohta
Watch the interview of Ashish Chaturmohta, Fortune Equity Broker with Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his outlook on specific stocks and F&O side of the market.
Post your opinion here
Watch the interview of Ashish Chaturmohta, Fortune Equity Broker with Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his outlook on specific stocks and F&O side of the market.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Ashish Chaturmohta's interview with CNBC-TV18.
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation  Limited (ONGC) has formed a good base
around Rs 395-405 levels and this has given a breakout above Rs 405 levels. So lot of short covering is going to be seen in the stock. In the next couple of trading sessions, we expect it to target somewhere around Rs 425-430 levels. Whereas on the downside Rs 398-397 should act as a very strong support zone. So one can initiate a long position keeping a stoploss below Rs 398 levels.
Hindustan Petroleum Corporation  Limited (HPCL) saw a major breakout on its weekly charts above Rs 505 levels and we have seen a very strong addition of build up in last two-three trading sessions. Particularly today, we saw a very strong short covering coming back when the stock crossed Rs 505 mark.
We expect the stock to target somewhere around Rs 540-545 levels in next couple of trading sessions. At this point of time Rs 490 is a very strong support zone, so keeping that has a stoploss one can initiate a long position for a target of Rs 540.
RELATED NEWS

USDINR October has resistance at 61.65-61.70: EmkayLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
USDINR October has resistance at 61.65-61.70: Emkay
Emkay has come out with its trading strategies on currencies. According to the research firm, October USDINR prices are expected to have resistance at 61.65-61.70 and selling can be seen there. Prices on lower side can fall towards 61.45-61.50 and again bounce can be seen there, says the report.
Post your opinion here
Emkay: Currencies technical outlook for the day
USDINR
October USDINR prices are expected to have resistance at 61.65-61.70 and selling can be seen there. Prices on lower side can fall towards 61.45-61.50 and again bounce can be seen there. Prices should not move above 61.80 to maintain the negative outlook for the day.
EURINR
EURINR October prices are expected to have resistance at 78.10 and prices can remain sideways to weak till trades below this. On lower side prices have support at 77.65 and fresh selling can be seen below this and prices can extend fall towards 77.45.
JPYINR
JPYINR October prices are expected to have resistance at 57.10 and selling can be seen there. On lower side prices have support at 56.70 and 56.50. Prices should not move above 57.30 to maintain the negative outlook for the day.
GBPINR
GBPINR October prices are expected to have resistance at 99.10 and prices are expected to travel southwards and can test 98.50. Prices should not move above 99.50 to maintain the negative outlook for the day.
EURUSD
EURUSD prices are expected to have intraday resistance at 1.2670-1.2680 and can witnessed selling pressure. Prices on lower side can have support at 1.2550. Prices are expected to remain weak till trades below 1.2730 in coming days.
GBPUSD
GBPUSD Prices have intraday resistance at 1.6130 and as far as prices are trading below this level prices can trade sideways to lower. Prices have intraday support at 1.5950. Only a sustained breakout above 1.6100 can take prices further higher else prices can remain sideways to weak.
USDJPY
USDJPY prices are expected to have support at 107.9-108.0 and bounce can be seen there. Prices on higher side can again face resistance at 108.8-109.0 and prices are expected to remain in this range. Prices should not fall below 107.5 to maintain positive outlook for the day.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Gold imports in September at $4 billion: SourcesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

European shares fall to new 1-1/2 month lows as global economy darkensThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Energy & engg stocks support marketsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Prism Informatics appoints Christof Anderi as executive director CFOThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Centrum Capital s arm to acquire 26.15% stake in BCBFLThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

West Indies players might go on strike hours before first ODI against IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex trades 50 points lower; Infosys  Sun Pharma fallThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US may release tech contract worth USD 1.2 billion: SourcesOct 08, 2014, 12.51 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
US may release tech contract worth USD 1.2 billion: Sources
Tech majors like TCS, Wipro, HCL Tech, Infosys and Cognizant are likely to bid for the contract.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
US may release tech contract worth USD 1.2 billion: Sources
Tech majors like TCS, Wipro, HCL Tech, Infosys and Cognizant are likely to bid for the contract.
Post your opinion here
 
The US government may release the largest tech contract till date, worth around USD 1.2 billion, sources told CNBC-TV18. The deal would be for unified database of government infra contracts and processes, sources said, adding that the deal is currently in initial stages of formation and formal bids are expected by December.
According to sources, the deal is likely to be divided between 4 and 5 players. Tech majors like TCS , Wipro , HCL Tech , Infosys  and Cognizant are likely to bid for the contract. However, the IT players did not comment on speculation.
TCS stock price
On November 24, 2014, Tata Consultancy Services closed at Rs 2652.20, up Rs 35.90, or 1.37 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2834.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 1960.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 99.52 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 26.65. The latest book value of the company is Rs 224.90 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 11.79.
RELATED NEWS

Spectacle ventures ltd has informed bse that the 29th annual general m...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Vama industries ltd has informed bse regarding the outcome of board me...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Looks like ur buying price is around that 31 hence u r optimistic abou...Gold Member
140 Followers
I don`t follow that.. But I definitely don`t believe in keep on pumping money to the end... POGo`s(&KB) average philosophy  interested me and I believe in it a little..
but for now, in that message,that`s what I  meant - when I asked Sam to average - Not in the intention of `Holding forever` type of average.... but to buy heavily Now (even on leverage)  and sell when it rises...(Releasing leverage)...
2.33 PM Oct 8th

Buy buy buy don`t sell market is going upCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

West Indies threaten to boycott India ODI series openerOct 08, 2014 at  12:30pm IST
West Indies threaten to boycott India ODI series opener
41
4
A strike could hit West Indies' tour opener against India on Wednesday due to a row between leading West Indies players and their own union.
The match in Kochi, where the teams are already assembled, is the first of five one-day internationals to be followed by three Test matches and a Twenty20 international.
ALSO SEE Full Text: Dwayne Bravo's letter to WICB
The West Indies Players Assocation (WIPA) and the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) signed a new agreement last month covering pay and conditions but all-rounder Dwayne Bravo said players were kept in the dark about the talks and would not accept the outcome.
A strike could hit West Indies' tour opener against India on Wednesday due to a row between leading West Indies players and their own union. (Getty Images)
#india vs west indies 2014 #india #west indies #kochi
"We believe we are being hoodwinked and are being treated like little school boys, yet we are being asked to perform and play as professionals," Bravo wrote in a letter to WIPA president Wavell Hinds published by the Caribbean website Wired868.com.
ALSO SEE West Indies missed the press briefing
"The players are of the view that as a matter of principle, we should not accept these conditions whereby we are being asked to play a series against India without any certainty of what are our obligations and what we will be playing for."
The WICB said in a statement on Tuesday that they were aware of the dispute and the possibility of a strike.
ALSO SEE India begin WC preparations with West Indies ODIs
"It has also come to the WICB's attention that the some of the players could withdraw their services for the first ODI. The WICB deeply regrets this apparent eventuality, especially in light of the tedious and substantial work which went into the good faith negotiations to arrive at the new, historic CBA/MOU.
"The WICB apologises to the fans, the BCCI and all other stakeholders should the first ODI be disrupted as a result of player action. The WICB is making every effort to ensure that it fulfills all its commitments and that cricket is played," said the statement.
ALSO SEE Windies pull Sunil Narine out of India tour
Bravo wrote in his letter that players were being asked to take a substantial loss as part of a deal they were not party to. He said the tour should be conducted under previous contractual terms until a solution was found.
WIPA was not immediately available for comment.
West Indies players last boycotted a series in 2009 when they, backed by WIPA, refused to play a home campaign against Bangladesh due to a previous contract dispute.
When top players went on strike the WICB brought in a second-string squad to complete the series.
Bravo suggested that WIPA chief Hinds may be suffering from a conflict of interests.
"Perhaps Mr. Hinds, the confusion of the plethora of positions that you occupy being Chairman of Selectors for Jamaica Senior team, a Board member of the Jamaica Cricket Association and the dual role of President and CEO of WIPA have in some way contributed to the confusion or perhaps being a member of the same club as (WICB president Dave) Cameron in some way may have clouded your judgment," he wrote.
A WIPA press release regarding the signing of the new collective bargaining agreement on Sept. 18 noted that the arrangement would see better deals for players outside of the full West Indies team with more than 100 players being kept on retainers.
According to WIPA secretary Wayne Lewis, it "involved allowing the WICB to reallocate about $2.3 million which represented amounts paid annually only to those cricketers who were selected to the senior WI team."
2424

Vistara ties up with Amadeus for its passenger service systemVistara ties up with Amadeus for its passenger service system
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 8:  
Vistara, the joint venture between Tata Sons and Singapore Airlines, is set to become the first airline in the country to implement the Amadeus Altéa Suite of technology solutions.
Amadeus’ technology will power Vistara’s travel reservations, inventory management, airport departure control systems, revenue accounting and revenue management systems, as per a press statement.
Financial details of the transaction were not disclosed.
“Our technology partnership with Amadeus will be a key differentiator offering advanced features and an integrated platform for our customers across multiple channels including mobile and web,” said Phee Teik Yeoh, CEO, Vistara.
The Altea suit is used by more than 120 airlines worldwide, including Singapore Airlines, the statement said.
Vistara is expected to start operations by end of this year.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Anil Ambani joins Swachh Bharat campaign  invites other celebritiesAnil Ambani joins Swachh Bharat campaign, invites Amitabh, Sania
PTI
Anil Ambani (file photo)
Mumbai, Oct 8:  
Joining Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s initiative to rid the country of litter and rubbish, Reliance Group chairman Anil Ambani today picked up the broom to clean an area outside Church Gate station and invited Mary Kom, Amitabh Bachchan and Sania Mirza to join the initiative.
Launching the Swachh Bharat campaign last week, Modi had named nine celebrities, including Ambani, cricketing icon Sachin Tendulkar and film stars Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra to take the initiative forward.
He asked them to nominate nine more people to join the campaign with a hope that the chain will continue.
Ambani picked the broom to clean an area near Church Gate station here and invited nine prominent personalities, including Asian Games gold medallist boxer Mary Kom, legendary film star Amitabh Bachchan and tennis star Sania Mirza to take the Swachh Bharat campaign forward.
Modi tweeted, “Wonderful effort by Shri Anil Ambani, who cleaned the area around Churchgate Station in Mumbai along with his friends. #MyCleanIndia.”
Sources said others named by Ambani include columnist Shobha De, leading journalist Shekhar Gupta, lyricist Prasoon Joshi, Bollywood superhero Hrithik Roshan, Telugu superstar Nagarjuna and Runners Clubs of India.
“I am honoured to be invited by our respected Prime Minister Shri Narendrabhai Modi to join the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
“I dedicate myself to this movement and will invite nine other leading Indians to join me in the Clean India campaign,” Ambani had said on October 2.
Ambani was among the nine eminent personalities picked up by Modi to propagate the Swachh Bharat campaign. Others included cricketing icon Sachin Tendulkar, film stars Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra and Kamal Hassan, Yoga guru Baba Ramdev and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor.
Modi used Gandhi Jayanti, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, to start the cleanliness drive and ordered ministers to sweep areas clean.
“I have invited nine people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a Clean India. I ask them to invite nine more people too... I am sure these nine people will do the work and each will invite nine more people to form a chain and clean the country,” Modi had said then.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Britannia brand `Tiger  all set to take on mass cookie markertHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Britannia brand `Tiger' all set to take on mass cookie market
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Oct. 8:  
Britannia makes way into kid's hearts with a disruptive new cookie - Tiger Butter Krunch. The launch will mark the entry of Britannia Tiger into the main stream cookies segment.
Filled with the wholesome goodness and taste of butter, Tiger Butter Krunch brings alive the credo 'Makhkhan maar ke'. Packed with essential nutrients like iron, calcium and vitamins, Tiger Butter Krunch delivers a delightful cookie that promises to keep kids going the whole day.
Ali Harris Shere, Director - Marketing, Britannia Industries Ltd. said "There is a unique Tiger inspired design on each cookie which builds brand Tiger's equity through product design."
"With the launch of Tiger Butter Krunch, delightful butter cookies, brand Tiger is all set to take on the mass cookie market," he added.
What differentiates Tiger Butter Krunch from others in the cookies space is the coming together of great taste and health. These tasty butter cookies are fortified with iron, vitamins and calcium. That makes it a magical product for both mothers and kids alike.
"With Salman Khan as our brand ambassador, the communication will definitely be clutter breaking," Ali Harris Shere said.
Britannia Tiger is available in pack sizes of 45g and 200g between a price range of Rs 5 and Rs 20 across all modern and general trade outlets, throughout the country.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Nokia Chennai plant shutdown: Employees  Union mulling legal actionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BSE Sensex  GDP Growth  Indian Rupee  NSE Nifty  Gold price  more on September 30  2014BSE Sensex, GDP Growth, Indian Rupee, NSE Nifty, Gold price, more on September 30, 2014
Wed Oct 01 2014, 14:53 hrs
Led by healthy growth in coal, cement and electricity sectors, the eight core industries grew by 5.8 per cent in August this year against 4.7 per cent in the same month last year.
BSE Sensex edged higher on Tuesday as blue-chips rose on hopes that upcoming earnings and auto sales will show the economy remains on the mend, while RBI's decision to keep interest rate unchanged had little impact.
Although the broader NSE index edged higher for the month, posting its fifth consecutive monthly gain, the benchmark BSE index marked its first monthly fall in eight.
Indian rupee weakened by nine paise to trade at a fresh seven-month low of 61.62 against US dollar in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market.
The RBI today said the country's GDP growth, which it estimates to be 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal, will improve to 6.3 per cent in 2015-16.
Supported by rising demand from jewellers and retailers fuelled by the ongoing festive season, gold rose further by Rs 40 to Rs 27,340 per 10 grams in the national capital today.
BSE Sensex edged higher on Tuesday as blue-chips rose on hopes that upcoming earnings and auto sales will show the economy remains on the mend, while RBI's decision to keep interest rate unchanged had little impact.
Indian rupee opened at 61.60 and briefly made a intraday high of 61.55 due to stable overseas dollar movement and stable Asian currencies. However renewed dollar strength, fresh dollar demand from corporates, status quo maintained by RBI on policy rates and covering of short dollar position led rupee to make a intraday low of 61.82. Rupee closed at 61.7450. Weaker by 0.35 percent. (Image Courtesy: PTI)
Reader´s Comments

Govt seeks information on employees of minersGovt seeks information on employees of miners
Our Bureau
Coal Ministry sets October 7 deadline; seeks legal view of NTPC’s blocks
New Delhi, October 3:  
The Ministry of Coal has asked the contractors of 204 blocks that face de-allocation to furnish permanent employees details and status of ownership of mining land area.
This is a follow-up action to the apex court order which said all coal blocks awarded between 1993 and 2010 should be de-allocated except the ones given to ultra mega power projects and two blocks of Steel Authority of India Ltd and NTPC Ltd.
In a letter sent to the companies which were allocated coal blocks, the Ministry said that all the information needs to be provided by October 7.
“Since it is a Supreme Court matter, priority may be accorded,” it said.
The Ministry has also sent a copy of the letter to Director General of Mine Safety, Coal Controller Organisation and Coal Mines Provident Fund Commissioner.
Meanwhile, Coal Ministry is also seeking legal view on the status of NTPC’s five coal blocks allocated during the period.
The Ministry has also decided to look into how the miners, that were allocated coal blocks for captive use, are handling the surplus. The case in point was Anil Ambani’s ultra mega power project in Sasan.
The Supreme Court, in its recent order, had referred to its August 25 observations where it had exempted 12 coal blocks allocated to ultra mega power projects.
This exemption was given because the Court felt that a transparent tariff-based bidding system has been followed for these allocations. However, this exemption came with a caveat that coal from such blocks can only be used for captive purposes of feeding the power plant.
The Ministry is also in the process of working out a mechanism for fresh allocation of blocks which would need to be done after March 31, 2015 to ensure continued supplies of the fuel.
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

New ISIS video shows beheading of British hostageNew ISIS video shows beheading of British hostage
AP
print
An internet video released on Friday shows an Islamic State group fighter beheading British hostage Alan Henning, the fourth such killing carried out by the extremist group now targeted in US-led airstrikes.
The video mirrored other beheading videos shot by the Islamic State group, which now holds territory along the border of Syria and Iraq, and ended with a militant threatening a man they identified as an American named Peter Kassig.
"Obama, you have started your aerial bombardment of Shams (Syria), which keeps on striking our people, so it is only right that we continue to strike the neck of your people," the masked militant in the video said.
National Security Council spokesperson Caitlin Hayden confirmed that Kassig was being held by Islamic State militants, in a statement issued on Friday evening.
"At this point we have no reason to doubt the authenticity of the video released earlier today (Friday). We will continue to use every tool at our disposal - military, diplomatic, law enforcement and intelligence - to try to bring Peter home to his family," Hayden said.
The Associated Press could not immediately verify the video's authenticity, though it was released in the same manner as other Islamic State group videos and the masked militant sounded similar to the one who carried out the other slayings.
This undated image shows a frame from a video released on October 3, 2014 by Islamic State militants that shows the killing of Alan Henning by the militant group. (AP Photo)
Britain has been supporting US military efforts against the Islamic State group by using British forces to help with logistics and intelligence gathering, as well as recently taking part in airstrikes in Iraq. The internet video released Friday begins with a news clip announcing British strikes against the Islamic State group.
Read: British PM Cameron confirms 'brutal murder' of Henning by Islamic State group
British Prime Minister David Cameron said Henning's apparent slaying showed "how barbaric and repulsive these terrorists are."
"Alan had gone to Syria to help get aid to people of all faiths in their hour of need," Cameron said in a statement. "The fact that he was taken hostage when trying to help others and now murdered demonstrates that there are no limits to the depravity of these... terrorists.
"We will do all we can to hunt down these murderers and bring them to justice."
President Barack Obama's counterterrorism adviser, Lisa Monaco, said the US had seen the video and was evaluating it.
Read: US President Obama condemns murder of Henning
Later, Obama said the United States strongly condemned Henning's "brutal murder." He said the US, along with Britain and other allies, will "work to bring the perpetrators of Alan's murder" to justice and will continue to "taking decisive action to degrade and ultimately destroy" the Islamic State group.
French President Francois Hollande said he is "outraged by the heinous crime."
"This crime like previous ones will not be unpunished. France will continue to lend support to the people and authorities of Iraq in their fight against terrorism," Hollande said in a statement.
On Friday night, the UN Security Council condemned the video, saying it "once again illustrates the brutality" of the Islamic State group, adding that its members believe "such continued acts of barbarism perpetrated by ISIL do not intimidate them but rather stiffen their resolve."
This is the fourth such video released by the Islamic State group. The full beheadings are not shown in the videos, but the British-accented, English-speaking militant holds a long knife and appears to begin cutting his victims, who include American reporter James Foley, American-Israeli journalist Steven Sotloff, British aid worker David Haines and now Henning.
FBI director James Comey has said American officials believe they know the identity of the masked militant, though he's declined to name the man or reveal his nationality.
Kassig, a 26-year-old American now threatened by the Islamic State group, enlisted in the Army in 2004, and became a Ranger, ultimately serving in the 75th Ranger Regiment, an Army special operations unit.
According to his military record, Kassig trained at Fort Benning, Georgia in 2006, and deployed to Iraq from April to July 2007. He was medically discharged at the rank of private first class in September 2007. His home of record at the time of his enlistment was Indianapolis, Indiana.
His parents, Ed and Paula Kassig, issued a statement through a media relations firm, asking for the world to pray for their son.
"The Kassig family extends our concern for the family of Alan Henning. We have read about his work and his generous character with great respect and admiration," the statement said. "We ask everyone around the world to pray for the Henning family, for our son, and for the release of all innocent people being held hostage in the Middle East and around the globe."
The family said Kassig had been working for the relief organization SERA when he was captured on October 1, 2013 on his way to Deir Ezzour in eastern Syria. He converted to Islam while in captivity and the family has heard from former hostages that his faith has provided him comfort.
Henning, 47, nicknamed "Gadget," had joined an aid convoy and was taken captive on December 26, shortly after crossing the border between Turkey and Syria. Earlier this week, Henning's wife Barbara Henning asked the militants in a televised plea: "Please release him. We need him back home."
Dozens of Muslim leaders in Britain have urged the Islamic State group to release Henning. His wife had said she had been given hope by "the outcry across the world" over her husband's imprisonment.
Mohammed Shafiq, chief executive of the Ramadhan Foundation, a Muslim charity, called Henning "a British hero."
His "barbaric killing is an attack against all decent people around the world," Shafiq said.
The Islamic State group has its roots in al Qaeda's Iraqi affiliate but was expelled from the global terror network over its brutal tactics and refusal to obey orders to confine its activities to Iraq. It became even more extreme amid the bloody 3-year civil war in neighbouring Syria, growing stronger to the point of being able to launch a lightning offensive across much of northern Iraq, routing security forces there and shooting down an Iraqi helicopter on Friday. The group has become known for filming and releasing footage of mass shootings it conducts, as well as beheading opponents and targeting religious and ethnic minorities in the areas it attacks.
The extremist group has been widely denounced by mainstream Muslim authorities.
Other foreigners are believed held by the Islamic State group. On Friday, the father of John Cantlie, a British photojournalist held by the group, appealed for his release in a video, saying he was a friend of Syria.

Block app  We Phone : Intelligence Bureau to Department of TelecomE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ranveer Singh and his mean machineentertainment
Ranveer Singh and his mean machine
Bollywood's 'Gunda' Ranveer Singh, who is the face of Maruti Suzuki's new sedan 'Ciaz', unveiled the first look of the mean machine to the world a la his funtoosh ishtyle.  (Source: Express Photo by   Amit Chakravarty)
Ranveer Singh, who will be seen in 'Kill Dil' soon, showed off his killer moves at the unveiling.  (Source: Express Photo by   Amit Chakravarty)
And then it was followed by a namaste to all! (Source: Express Photo by  Amit Chakravarty)
Ranveer is known to do things in his own style and he stuck to his promise.  Seen here with  Kenichi Ayukawa, Managing Director & CEO, Maruti Suziki. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
Ranveer Singh presented with a key of the new sedan. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
Ranveer Singh, who is know to be very stylish among the newest lot of male actors, was dapper in a grey suit.  (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
Ranveer Singh poses with his man machine.  (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
And we get a glimpse of that killer smile of Ranveer.  (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
Related

Saif Ali Khan felicitates Asian Games medallistCopyright © The Indian Express ltd. All Rights Reserved
Powerd by Wordpress VIP

Flipkart apologises for glitches during mega saleFlipkart apologises for glitches during mega sale
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 15, 2014  | 10:58 IST
A day after its mega sales scheme, Indian e-commerce giant Flipkart on Tuesday accepted its below expectation performance with an apology and promised to come better prepared next time.
"While we stand humbled by the sheer faith that such a large number of customers have shown in us, we are unhappy that we were unable to live up to the expectations of millions more who wanted to buy from us yesterday. And this is not acceptable to us," Flipkart founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal said in a joint e-mail to customers.
The e-commerce firm said 1.5 million people shopped at its portal on October 6 to take benefit of the one-day sale scheme. The company claimed it sold products worth over Rs 600 crore in just 10 hours under the scheme.
"And though we saw unprecedented interest in our products and traffic like never before, we also realised that we were not adequately prepared for the sheer scale of the event. We didn't source enough products and deals in advance to cater to your requirements," the founders said.
They added that the load on server led to intermittent outages that impacted shopping experience on the website.
Flipkart had deployed nearly 5,000 servers and had prepared for 20 times the traffic growth - but the volume of traffic at different times of the day was much higher than this, the mail said.
"We are continuing to significantly scale up all our back-end systems so that we do a much, much better job next time," the e-mail said.
Customers have complained about getting products at different prices than it was displayed. Flipkart apologised to the price change complaints and the pricing of several products got changed to their non-discounted rates for a few hours.
"We realise that this breaks the trust our customers have put in us. We are truly sorry for this and will ensure that this never happens again," the e-mail said.
Flipkart founders said many of the products went out of stock within seconds of the sale started.
"We had ensured availability, anywhere from hundreds to a few lakh units for various products, but it was nowhere near the actual demand. We promise to plan much better for future promotions and ensure that we minimise the out-of-stock issues," the e-mail said.
The Bansals said they are working to ensure availability of additional units for the products that went out of stock and promised to do "level best to ensure that we minimise any cancellations".
"Everything that we have achieved at Flipkart is purely on the basis of our customer's trust and faith...We failed to live up to this promise yesterday and would like to apologise once again to every single customer for our failure," the founders said.

India s GDP to pick up in 2015 to 6.4 per cent: IMFIMF projects India's GDP to pick up in 2015 to 6.4 per cent
Lalit K Jha     Washington   Last Updated: October 7, 2014  | 19:56 IST
Photo: Reuters
The International Monetary Fund (IMF)on Tuesday forecast 5.6 per cent growth rate for India this year and a higher 6.4 per cent in 2015, citing renewed confidence in the market due to a series of economic reforms being undertaken by the new government.
"Growth in India is expected to rise to 5.6 per cent in 2014 and pick up further to 6.4 per cent in 2015 as both exports and investment increase," the IMF said in its latest World Economic Outlook (WEO) report released in Washington on Tuesday.
In 2013, India's growth rate was five per cent.
On the other hand in China, growth will remain at 7.4 per cent in 2014 and is projected to be of 7.1 per cent in 2015.
According to the WEO, after a slowdown in the first half of 2014, global growth is forecast to strengthen to 3.5 per cent in the second half of 2014 and 3.8 per cent in 2015.
But growth is uneven and still weak overall and remains susceptible to many downside risks.
The IMF said global growth slowed more than expected from an annualised rate of 3.9 per cent in the second half of 2013 to 2.7 per cent in the first half of 2014.
"Although the downside surprise was mainly owing to temporary factors, particularly for the US economy, it also reflected a weaker recovery in the euro area, as the region continued to overcome the legacies of the crisis, and in Japan, where the negative effects on demand of the consumption tax increase were greater than previously expected," it said.
Among emerging market and developing economies, growth in China picked up in the second quarter, responding to the measures deployed to boost activity after a weaker-than-expected first-quarter out-turn.
However, domestic demand remained weak in a few major economies, notably in Latin America.
Geopolitical tensions related to the Russia-Ukraine situation and the Middle East dampened activity in those regions, but with limited broader spillovers so far, the report said.
Advanced economies, the report said, are expected to continue a slow recovery, with growth rising to 1.8 per cent this year and to 2.3 per cent in 2015.
Growth in emerging market and developing economies will slow to 4.4 per cent in 2014, before rising to 5.0 per cent in 2015, it said.
"The forecast is weaker than projected in the April 2014 WEO, reflecting the negative growth surprises in the first half of the year, a more subdued pace of domestic demand growth in some emerging," the report said.
(PTI)

A grim Diwali for hundreds as Yahoo starts fresh layoffs in IndiaYahoo starts fresh layoffs; India operations will be reduced to support functions
Radhika P Nair & Jayadevan PK, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 09.00AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba
(Vasudev had taken over…)
BANGALORE: Internet firm Yahoo has started a fresh set of layoffs in India, affecting hundreds, as it seeks to consolidate its product engineering teams at its headquarters in Sunnyvale. While senior executives will be offered a position in Sunnyvale, a majority have been handed pink slips, said a source.
India operations will be reduced to support and operations functions. Yahoo India R&D head Hari Vasudev and a few other senior executives have been asked to move to the US. Amit Dayal, vice president of search and marketplaces, has already shifted there.
Hiring stopped a year ago
Vasudev had taken over from the then Yahoo India R&D head, Shouvick Mukherjee , who himself had moved to Sunnyvale in 2013.
"The writing was on the wall. They'd stopped hiring about a year ago and the layoffs picked up speed in the last couple of weeks," the recruiter said. Yahoo said in a statement that it will continue to have a presence in India but is looking to consolidate some teams into fewer offices.
In 2002, Yahoo was one of the first multinational corporations to set up research & development in India and others such as Google followed suit. At the time, it was Yahoo's second-largest R&D centre outside the United States.
Yahoo appointed former Google executive Marissa Mayer to turn around the company's fortunes in 2012. Under Mayer, Yahoo has bought social networking platform Tumblr, mobile analytics firm Flurry and new aggregator Summly. It also received a $5 billion windfall from the IPO of Chinese ecommerce company Alibaba .
Experts pointed out that a few other companies have moved major product development out of India, including Google, Cisco , Broadcom and Texas Instruments that have shifted parts of their product engineering closer to their headquarters.
Sharad Sharma , former CEO of Yahoo India R&D, said the trend is due to a combination of factors such as politics, changing structure of technology teams and the perception in Silicon Valley.
"It is not acceptable any more in the United States to hire in India at their expense," said Sharma. Technology teams have also become smaller with each having specialist roles. "The lack of specialists for each team means such teams aren't getting created anymore and it is affecting India adversely," said Sharma, founding member of software products thinktank iSpirt.
The success of companies like Apple and Facebook in emerging markets has also created the perception that products for emerging markets can be made from the Valley
Large companies have started focusing on fewer products and that could be one reason, said an industry expert who requested anonymity. The growth of agile product development methodology also requires more and more co-location, he said.
Pari Natarajan, head of market expansion advisory firm Zinnov, however, said that India remains an attractive destination for companies to set up offshore R&D centres.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jennifer Lawrence breaks silence on nude photo leak  calls it  sex crimeJennifer Lawrence breaks silence on nude photo leak, calls it 'sex crime'
Hindustan Times   October 07, 2014
First Published: 20:32 IST(7/10/2014) | Last Updated: 07:09 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
Hollywood A-lister Jennifer Lawrence was among the stars who had nude photos leaked on the internet via a large-scale hacking in August 2014. She's now breaking her silence about the "sexual violation" that she and other celebs endured in an interview in Vanity Fair’s November issue.
Jennifer Lawrence won the Golden Globe award for Best supporting actress for her performance in David O. Russell's con-artist caper American Hustle.
"It is not a scandal. It is a sex crime," Lawrence said in the interview. "I was just so afraid. I didn’t know how this would affect my career," she further said about her stolen-photos saga.
Also read: Jennifer Lawrence contacts authorities after nude photos hacked
"It’s disgusting. The law needs to be changed, and we need to change. That’s why these Web sites are responsible. Just the fact that somebody can be sexually exploited and violated, and the first thought that crosses somebody’s mind is to make a profit from it. It’s so beyond me. I just can’t imagine being that detached from humanity. I can’t imagine being that thoughtless and careless and so empty inside."
The Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence has spoken publicly for the first time after naked pictures of her were hacked and posted online, angrily slamming the leak as a "sex crime."
Speaking exclusively to Vanity Fair, the rising siren of the silver screen said she felt violated and was afraid how the hacked photographs would affect her career.
   
"Just because I'm a public figure, just because I'm an actress, does not mean that I asked for this," she told the November issue of the magazine, which will be available online Wednesday.
   
"It's my body, and it should be my choice, and the fact that it is not my choice is absolutely disgusting. I can't believe that we even live in that kind of world."
Also read:  More nude images of Oscar-winner Jennifer Lawrence leaked online
   
Hackers dumped nude photos of more than a dozen Hollywood celebrities on social media last month after snatching them from Apple's iCloud in what the tech giant called a "targeted attack."
   
She told Vanity Fair she had sent the photographs to her then boyfriend while they were in a long distance relationship.
   
She was initially tempted to write a statement, but said: "Every single thing that I tried to write made me cry or get angry.
   
"I started to write an apology, but I don't have anything to say I'm sorry for. I was in a loving, healthy, great relationship for four years. It was long distance, and either your boyfriend is going to look at porn or he's going to look at you."
Also read:  Exhibition featuring Jennifer Lawrence's leaked nude images cancelled
   
More than a dozen Hollywood celebrities have threatened to sue Google for failing to crack down on the leaks.
   
A letter by prominent Tinseltown lawyer Marty Singer published by the Hollywood Reporter warned they could seek $100 million in damages from the US online search giant for failing to take down the photos.
(With inputs from AFP)

Bright Food buys into Italian olive oil makerChina’s Bright Food buys into Italian olive oil maker Salov
By Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ad15fc2-4e94-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Grain rallies as traders rush to buyGrain rallies as traders rush to buy
By Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d193c5fc-4e35-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1rgeLspFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Expect lower home heating bills this winter
Americans will pay less to heat their homes this winter mostly because of expected warmer temperatures, the Department of Energy forecast Tuesday.
Post to Facebook
Expect lower home heating bills this winter Americans will pay less to heat their homes this winter mostly because of expected warmer temperatures, the Department of Energy forecast Tuesday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vMqLbx
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
37
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Expect lower home heating bills this winter
Wendy Koch , USA TODAY 3:10 p.m. EDT October 7, 2014
Two men use a leaf blower to clear snow from a roof of a new home Feb. 5 in Pepper Pike, Ohio.
(Photo: Tony Dejak, AP)
11064 CONNECT 123 TWEET 17 LINKEDIN 37 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Americans will pay less to heat their homes this winter mostly because of expected warmer temperatures, the Department of Energy forecast Tuesday.
Those using propane for heating —- mostly Midwesterners who saw their costs skyrocket during last winter's frigid cold — will see the biggest drop: an estimated 27% or $767 this season, according to the "Winter Fuels Outlook" by DOE's Energy Information Administration.
Others will benefit, too. Utility bills will fall for those relying on oil by 15% or $362 and electricity by 2% or $17. They'll fall about 5% or $31 for the half of U.S. households that primarily use natural gas. These differences are due to the projected cost of each fuel. While prices for propane and oil are expected to fall, those for natural gas and electricity will likely rise.
"U.S. households in all regions of the country can expect to pay lower heating bills this winter, because temperatures are forecast to be warmer than last winter and that means less demand for heat," said EIA Administrator Adam Sieminski.
Last winter was unusually cold — 11% colder than the previous 10-year national average — and it drove up heating bills.
This coming winter, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration forecasts much warmer temperatures east of the Rocky Mountains — up 16% in the Midwest, 12% in the South and 11% in the Northeast. In the West, it expects temperatures will be 5% warmer.
Even if NOAA is wrong and temperatures are 10% colder than forecast, today's forecast still expects homes that heat with oil or propane will have lower costs. Those using natural gas and electricity will see a slight uptick of 6% and 2%, respectively.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vMqLbx
USA NOW
U.Va. board to meet on shocking rape allegations | USA NOW
Nov 24, 2014

SpiceJet Back With Super Sale OfferYou are here: Home Corporates
SpiceJet Is Back With Super Sale Offer
NDTV | Updated On: October 07, 2014 21:28 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Budget carrier SpiceJet on Tuesday announced a discount sale offer with fares starting from an all-inclusive Rs 2,299 for specific routes on its domestic network.
The booking for this SpiceJet scheme will remain open till October 9, 2014. This SpiceJet offer is applicable on travel period between November 7, 2014, and January 31, 2015. ( See routes )
SpiceJet has been one of the most aggressive players in offering promotional schemes, announcing more than a dozen offers this year.
SpiceJet had recently come up with a special scheme with fares starting from Rs 599 on next year's tickets. Under this Rs 599 special fare, all statutory taxes and fees are to be paid by the passenger as applicable on the date of travel. SpiceJet also offered two special schemes with all-inclusive fares starting from Rs 1,999 earlier.
 
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 16:57 (IST)

Yahoo Downsizes Engineering Operations in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
Yahoo Downsizes Engineering Operations in India
Reuters | Updated On: October 08, 2014 07:38 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
San Francisco: Yahoo Inc is reducing the size of its operations in Bangalore, India, the Internet company's largest engineering facility outside its California headquarters.
The company said in a statement on Tuesday it was consolidating "certain teams into fewer offices" in Bangalore, but that it would continue to have a presence there.
The move comes more than a week after activist investor Starboard Value LP publicly pressured Yahoo to cut what it referred to as a "bloated" cost structure.
Yahoo, a one-time Internet pioneer, is trying to revive stagnant revenue growth under the leadership of Marissa Mayer, who took the helm as Chief Executive two years ago.
Ms Mayer has weighed layoffs in Bangalore since early in her tenure, people familiar with the matter previously told Reuters.
Yahoo had roughly 2,000 employees in Bangalore in March 2013, according to the sources. At the time, Ms Mayer was weighing bringing certain jobs in India back to Sunnyvale, California, to unite more of Yahoo's product development at the home base, one of the sources said at the time.
"As we ensure that Yahoo is on a path of sustainable growth, we're looking at ways to achieve greater efficiency, collaboration and innovation across our business," Yahoo's statement on Tuesday said.
Shares of Yahoo were down 1.1 per cent at $41.04 in midday trading on Tuesday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

BJP s Nitin Gadkari shocks  tells public to  accept bribes   sparks outrageE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hrithik Roshan creates history for himself with  Bang Bang  box office collectionsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Israelis  Irish  Americans most-satisfied with Indian hospitality industry: TripAdvisorE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hill poised to win approval for EU postLord Hill poised to win approval as EU financial services chief
By Alex Barker and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/afeb469e-4e3c-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investors snap up Kazakhstan dollar bondInvestors snap up Kazakhstan dollar bond
By Jack Farchy in Astana and Elaine Moore in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f4c0a82-4e21-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A paper tiger scares HSBC bossesA paper tiger scares HSBC bosses
By Jonathan Guthrie
Even so, bank and its directors are right to make a stand
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/381983e4-4e12-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saif Ali Khan named brand ambassador of Olympic Gold FestNational award-winning actor Saif Ali Khan has been named the brand ambassador of Olympic Gold Quest. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:41 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 9:42 am
National award-winning actor Saif Ali Khan has been named the brand ambassador of Olympic Gold Quest.
The 44-year-old ‘Race’ star has also announced a contribution of Rs 20 lakh every year till Rio 2016 Olympics to the NGO, which is founded by sports legends Geet Sethi and Prakash Padukone and aims at helping Indian athletes win gold medal at Olympic games.
“I am thrilled to be the brand ambassador of OGQ as I love all sports. OGQ has been doing wonderful work to help Indian athletes in their quest for Olympic glory. These athletes are the true heroes and we must all do our bit to support them,” Saif said in a statement.
His role will be to help raise funds in the form of donations and contributions which will go towards the training of the athletes supported by OGQ. He will also spread awareness about OGQ, its mission, vision and the impact that OGQ is creating in Indian Olympic sport.
“I am announcing a contribution of Rs 20 lakh per annum to OGQ until the Rio 2016 Olympics. This will go towards the training of the athletes supported by OGQ. In addition to this we will be doing a lot of fund raising events for Olympic Gold Quest,” the actor added.
Sethi said Saif, whose father Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi was an Indian cricket team captain, is a big boon for the organisation’s cause.
“It has always been the dream of OGQ to involve all Indians in our mission to help Indian athletes win Olympic medals. We believe that Saif Ali Khan, whose family has a strong legacy in sport, can help us make Olympic Gold Quest into a movement,” he said.

Bang Bang!  conquers box office  earns over Rs.200 croreBang Bang!”, an out-and-out entertainer, continues its tremendous run at the box office having minted a gross of Rs.201.51 crore in five days.
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 10:15 am
It has bullets flying, cars exploding, stunning locations and an ensemble of good looking actors who will make you drool. ‘Bang Bang!’, an out-and-out entertainer, continues its tremendous run at the box office having minted a gross of Rs.201.51 crore in five days.
The Hrithik Roshan and Katrina Kaif-starrer has collected Rs.156.41 crore in India. In the international markets, “Bang Bang!” raked in Rs.45.10 crore, read a statement.
It’s clearly raining money for Siddharth Anand’s directorial that has been produced by Fox Star Studios.
The Rs.140 crore film, which released Oct 2, also stars Danny Denzongpa, Jaaved Jaaferi, Deepti Naval, Kanwaljit Singh and Jimmy Sheirgill.

Hundreds may lose jobs as Yahoo set to downsize India engineering opsYahoo set to downsize India engineering ops
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Bengaluru/ Washington, October 07, 2014
First Published: 23:00 IST(7/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:44 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
Internet search company Yahoo is consolidating its Indian operation, setting off speculation that it was laying off employees, a number variously put between 400 and 2,000.
“We are making some changes in the way we operate in Bangalore leading to consolidation of certain teams into fewer offices,” said a Yahoo India spokesperson in a statement.
But there was no mention of layoffs, which are to take effect one month from now on November 7, with those fired getting between five and 10 months salary as redundancy pay.
The layoffs follow massive pressure on CEO Marissa Mayer from large investors, such as Starboard Value, to cut Yahoo’s bloated cost structure.
Yahoo, which pioneered internet search along with some other now mostly defunct companies has attempting to revive its fortunes under Mayer, who was appointed two years ago.
NextBigWhat, a website that first reported the layoffs, said the company planned to fire 2,000 of its 2,250 employees at its Software Development Center (SDC) in Bangalore.
These firings would be the biggest by the company, which has struggled to retain its competitiveness despite a series of senior-level changes.
HT spoke to more than a dozen employees of Yahoo’s SDC in Bangalore but all of them declined to discuss the matter. The spokesperson, too, declined to say anything beyond the official statement.
TechCrunch, a website specialising in IT news, put the number of layoffs at 400, however, saying those affected are mainly working in product engineering.
It added a statement from the company: “Yahoo will continue to have a presence in India and Bangalore remains an important office.”
Yahoo is indeed consolidating its operations. It closed offices in Carslbad, California last month to move software teams closer to the company’s home base in Sunnyvale in the same state.
Yahoo recently acquired an Indian technology startup Bookpad for Rs. 50 crore.
The company, that once dominated internet search, has struggled in recent years, with its investments in Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce giant, proving to be its best assets.
Yahoo’s last quarter results missed analyst estimates.

I have earned candidature due to my work: Nitesh RaneComments
Narayan Rane's son Nitesh Rane. (Source: Indian Express)
Congress candidate from Kankavli constituency Nitesh Rane said that he has earned his candidature for the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly elections through his work and not because he is son of former Chief Minister Narayan Rane.
The 32-year-old leader said that he has worked for the the people and hence earned the ticket. “I could have contested from Kankavli in 2009 (assembly polls) but I needed more time and worked through my organisation ‘Swabhiman’ for creating jobs for youth. My father gave ticket to Ravindra Phatak (in 2009),” he said.
Nitesh said he is a primary member of the Congress. He said that candidate’s connect with voters is very important and that is what he was trying to do. It is a wrong perception that Narayan Rane was depending more on his sons as his aides have deserted him, he said.
“Ravindra Phatak was given ticket in 2009 from Kankavli while Rajan Teli was made MLA. They were given their dues. However, to cover up their own insecurities, my father’s aides created tensions between my family and local leaders. “It is because of my father that Deepak Kesarkar became Sawantwadi Municipal Council President. It is good that all the former aides have either joined Sena or BJP,” he said.
He said the Kankavli assembly segment comprises Kankavli Deogad and Vaiabhavwadi talukas and he has prepared a vision document for all three areas to upgrade infrastructure, electricity, water, education facilities and employment generation. Nitesh said he is confident that the youth which had gone to the Sena and BJP in the Lok Sabha polls will support him.
Replying to a query on basic infrastructure always being a critical issue in Sindhudurg district, Nitesh said that development has taken place in the last few years and he would work to upgrade it further. Nitesh said Sindhudurg has been a backward area till his father first became an MLA.
“There has been consistent growth since then. I am giving a road map to voters for the next 25 years as my vision for the district on issues like health care that need further upgradation,” he said. The young leader claimed that Sindhudurg district’s per capita income comes close next to Sangli.
“It is not a backward district anymore,” he said. On Jaitapur nuclear power project, Nitesh said that the opposition to Jaitapur nuclear power project is no longer there as Prime minister Narendra Modi himself has given green waiver to the project. Attacking MNS chief Raj Thackeray, Nitesh questioned Thackeray’s criticism on Narendra Modi and said that Raj Thackeray had himself appealed to his partymen to support Modi in the Lok Sabha elections.
“Raj, at a rally in Solapur had said that Maharashtra ministers should drink the water with which Modi baths,” he said. Nitesh also alleged that Marathi-speaking people in Mumbai are not given flats in buildings constructed by Gujarati builders even though they offer continued…

How Business Today picked the Best B-schools for 2014   Edition: Oct 26, 2014
Making an impact: The MDRA team which worked on the B-school survey. (From left) Prateek Kumar, Research Executive; Avanish Kumar, Senior Research Executive; Abhishek Agrawal, Executive Director; and Abnish Jha, Research Manager. Photo: Vivan Mehra.
Ever since Business Today started the Best B-schools survey in 1998, it has been our endeavour to constantly improve the methodology to select India's top management training institutes. This year too we have made some changes to the selection process that was already very exhaustive.
Like last year, Business Today collaborated with Delhi-based market research firm Marketing & Development Research Associates (MDRA) to conduct the multi-stage survey. To begin with, an extensive desk review of MDRA's database and secondary research was conducted to select B-schools that offered two-year full-time management courses, were established at least five years ago, and churned out a minimum of three batches until the academic year ending in 2014. A list of more than 1,600 B-schools fulfilling the above criteria with their contact details was prepared. Separately, a list of B-schools offering one-year full-time Executive MBA or post-graduate programmes was also updated.
We kept weightage to each parameter same as the previous year for the sake of consistency and comparability. However, at the sub-parameter level for "Selection Process, Governance and Establishment", the weights were re-distributed in the same proportion because of the inclusion of a new element - "Governance".
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best B-Schools 2014
Objective Survey: Based on these parameters and sub-parameters, we fine-tuned the objective questionnaire after incorporating the new elements. We then contacted all the B-schools that fulfilled the eligibility criteria to participate in the survey.
Looking at the changing dynamics of business education in India, we included new parameters such as Mission, Vision and Governance of B-schools. Attributes that were compared primarily included availability of members of a school's governing board, availability of the academic advisory board, interaction happened among members in last one year and what significant commission and omission happened in the course curriculum and teaching methodology. Overall, the weightages of parameters were same.
As many as 248 colleges across the country provided their objective data, compared with 213 last year. However, one of them submitted its data after the revised deadline and so was not evaluated. After receiving the objective data from institutes, we cross-checked the information provided by participating institutes carefully through available data and validation (past data, mandatory disclosure, telephonic check, asking confirmation through emails, website visits etc.). In case of insufficient or incorrect data submission by some institutes, they were contacted to provide complete and correct information.
Experience-based Perceptual Survey: This module involved administering of questionnaire to a wide variety of respondents who know the B-schools from their experience. These respondents included final-year students, deans or directors, recruiters and industry professionals, and alumni with at least two years of work experience after leaving the institute but not more than five years to ensure relevancy.
As soon as we started getting the data from the colleges, we started inviting deans, directors and the alumni seeking their opinion based on their experiences about the B-schools offering business education in India. Face-to-face interviews were conducted with the recruiters and final-year students to understand their perspective about colleges at national as well as zonal levels. A total of 1,301 respondents provided their opinion on top B-schools in 20 cities across all four zones of India. The respondents comprised 396 final-year students, 83 deans/directors, 514 alumni and 308 recruiters with rich experience.
To ensure the maximum coverage of B-schools across states and zones, a national ranking and zonal rankings were prepared and the result was clubbed in a ratio of 75:25.
Experiential Survey: To incorporate the actual contribution of B-schools to the careers of the students who graduated from those institutes, an experiential survey was conceptualized and conducted on each of the parameters and sub-parameters. The alumni from participating institutes were asked to rate their B-schools based on the contribution of the institutes to their career and life. Again, we interviewed only those alumni who had at least two years of work experience after leaving the institute but not more than five years to ensure relevancy.
Physical Audits: Intense measures were taken during verifying and validating the objective data provided by the colleges. To authenticate any suspicious data, experienced researchers at MDRA carefully examined each and every aspect of the details provided by B-schools. To further verify the authenticity of the data submitted, the researchers visited 78 B-schools (50 out of the top 100) across the country. The irregularities were removed or corrected in the final objective data.
Assigning Ranking: To give stakeholders more realistic, updated and accurate information about B-schools, MDRA collected and evaluated B-schools on the basis of current data, unlike last year when the evaluation was done on the basis of the previous years data. The rankings were assigned based on the combined scores of the perceptual survey, objective data and experiential scores.
Based on feedback from experts and to make the ranking more logical and objective we have changed the scoring pattern of a few attributes such as accreditation, bank tie-ups, student-to-faculty ratio (only permanent faculty was considered) and student's attendance.
Objective Data: Marks on each sub-parameter were calculated using the weightages that were suggested by a panel of experts. Thus, marks for every sub-parameter were arrived at and were then added to get marks for respective parameters.
Perceptual Survey: Students, deans/directors, alumni and recruiters from the industry were identified as the primary stakeholders for the perceptual survey. The perceptual scores assigned by recruiters, alumni, deans/directors and final-year students carried weights of 35 per cent, 25 per cent, 20 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively. In addition, national and zonal ranking were given 75 per cent and 25 per cent weightages.
Experiential Survey: The marks on each sub-parameter were calculated using the same weightages as in objective marks calculation. This experiential data was collected from alumni of the colleges that submitted their objective data. In a few cases where we did not receive alumni response about their alma-mater, colleges were assigned marks in proportion to their objective and perceptual score. To avoid any prejudice, the final experiential scores were adjusted on the basis of the combined objective and perceptual scores of the colleges.
Arriving at combined total score: The total scores arrived from objective data, perception survey and experiential survey were added in the ratio of 50 per cent, 40 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively, to arrive at the total combined score. Thus, objective data contributed 1,000 marks, the perceptual survey contributed 800 marks and the experiential survey contributed 200 marks to the total combined maximum score of 2,000 marks. The total combined scores obtained by all institutes were arranged in the descending order. The college scoring the highest marks was allotted the first rank and so on.
The ranking of B-schools offering one-year Executive MBA or post-graduate programme was based only on the perceptual data received from 308 recruiters and industry professionals and 83 deans/directors of colleges. Only colleges offering 11 to 15 months of Executive MBA or post-graduate programme were considered for ranking.

Vishal Sikka building  internal SAP  at InfosysYou are here: Home > Collections > Finacle
Vishal Sikka relies on SAP executives to put Infosys back on growth track
ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(Since Sikka took charge…)
BANGALORE: Vishal Sikka has started putting his trusted lieutenants in key positions at Infosys to help him steer the company from years of underperformance and roll out the strategy that will be outlined on October 10.
Significantly, in addition to hiring former SAP executives, Sikka is strengthening the firm's partnership with Stanford and implementing Design Thinking to build beautiful codes, making many believe that Sikka is building an internal SAP within Infosys.
"He is trying to build a SAP," said a Mumbai-based analyst , adding that Sikka recognises the reality that the model in which a "company like Infosys would work is dead". "So, he is getting people from outside the company to help him implement what he has in mind. And if you see, most of these ideas, what he is talking about, had been successfully done by SAP."
Since Sikka took charge of Infosys on August 1, Infosys has seen two senior SAP executives, Michael Reh and Navin Budhiraja, join the company. On Monday, Sikka tasked Michael Reh, formerly executive vice-president at SAP, to revive Infosys' core banking product, Finacle. The role of Budhiraja, former chief architect of SAP's SuccessFactors , and who like Reh joined as senior vice-president at Infosys, is unclear for now. While Reh will be based out of Germany, Budhiraja is expected to work out of the US.
Some analysts, including those at Forrester, believe that hiring more former SAP executives will actually deepen the partnership between Infosys and SAP as both of them are more of "partners" than "competitors".
"Infosys is a partner, not a competitor (SAP would probably not be happy if the same employees were going to Oracle or Salesforce)," said Frederic Giron, VP and research director, Forrester Research.
"Finally, the SAP guys jumping ship to Infosys will bring a dense network of connections at SAP. Thus, improving agility and developing stronger ties." Experts, including John Appleby, global head of SAP Hana at Bluefin Solutions, the consultancy, said though it is not unusual for partnering companies to suggest recruits from one company to the other, Sikka needs to be "careful" when taking senior executives from SAP.
"Vishal obviously has to be careful — to Oracle or Salesforce)," said Frederic Giron, VP and research director, Forrester Research. "Finally, the SAP guys jumping ship to Infosys will bring a dense network of connections at SAP. Thus, improving agility and developing stronger ties."
Experts, including Experts, including John Appleby, global head of SAP Hana at Bluefin Solutions, the consultancy, said though it is not unusual for partnering companies to suggest recruits from one company to the other, Sikka needs to be "careful" when taking senior executives from SAP.
"Vishal obviously has to be careful if he starts cannibalising top talent at SAP, then he will fall out of favour there, and the SAPInfosys partnership is very strategic," said Appleby.
Appleby, however, did acknowledge that it is going to be a "tall order" for Sikka to build his team with executives from SAP considering the challenges, which includes learning the services model, working at a much lower average worker salary than SAP, and the cultural change working at a company like Infosys.
Nonetheless, Sikka's strengthening partnership with Stanford, has a print of Hasso Plattner, co-founder of his previous employer SAP. Earlier this month, Infosys said it will partner with Stanford University's Institute for Computational & Mathematical Engineering to develop curriculum in Data Science and Analytics.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India Met joins outlook for very severe cyclone in Bay of BengalIndia Met declares Cyclone ‘Hud Hud’ in Bay of Bengal
Vinson Kurian
The Met said in its latest update that the deep depression over north Andaman Sea moved west-northwestward to intensify as a cyclone.
Image courtesy: IMD Satellite image taken on October 8, 2014
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 8:  
India Met Department has declared the birth of Tropical Cyclone Hud Hud, the first ahead of the northeast monsoon this year.
The Met said in its latest update that the deep depression over north Andaman Sea moved west-northwestward to intensify as a cyclone.
VERY SEVERE CYCLONE
It is in the process of crossing the Andaman and Nicobar Islands close to Long Island. Thereafter, the system would continue to move west-northwestwards, intensify further into a severe cyclonic storm by tomorrow.
It would intensify into a very severe cyclone, only a notch below the class-topping super cyclone (Category-5 on the Saffir-Simpson scale of storm intensity).
The system is expected to cross north coastal Andhra Pradesh and south Odisha coast between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur around noon of Saturday.
WEATHER WARNING
Heavy to very heavy rainfall has been forecast at a few places with isolated extremely heavy falls would occur over south Odisha from Friday evening onwards.
Heavy to very heavy rainfall would commence over Visakhapatnam, Vijayanagaram. Srikakulam districts of north coastal Andhra Pradesh and north coastal Odisha during the same period.
WIND WARNING
Squally wind speed reaching 50- to 60 km/hr gusting to 70 km/hr would lash the north Andhra and Odisha coasts from Friday morning onwards.
The wind speed would increase to 130-140 km/hr gusting to 150 from Saturday morning.
Sea condition would be rough to very rough along these coasts from Friday morning. It would gradually become ‘phenomenal’ (severely rough) from Saturday morning.
Earlier this morning, the US Navy’s Joint Typhoon Warning had forecast that the system would ramp up into a very severe cyclonic storm - ahead of landfall on Saturday/Sunday.
Meanwhile, Typhoon Vongfong in northwest Pacific, which was instrumental in the hand-holding of the Bay system during its teething phase, has now been declared a super typhoon.
PACIFIC SUPER TYPHOON
The Bay system, according to the US Navy forecaster, would reach menacingly close with a profile that ranks only a notch below (Category-4) eve while still being based over the waters.
This begs the question if the short haul ahead of landfall would give it the breathing space to become a super cyclone (Category-5).
India Met had lowered down the expected peak wind speeds and gusts (140 km/hr to 155) km/hr) associated with the system than those projected by the US counterpart (148 km/hr to 187 km/hr).
But the two joined other major international models to suggest Andhra Pradesh-Odisha coasts to be the target for landfall for the building storm.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Mexico mass grave: Gunshots sowed panic before killings in MexicoMembers of the Community Police arrive to help in the search for the missing students in Iguala, Mexico, Tuesday, Oct. 7, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Iguala | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:24 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 12:25 pm
On the day 43 students disappeared in this southern Mexican town, the mayor’s wife was finishing up a speech to local dignitaries on family social services while townspeople waited for a celebratory dance afterward.
Suddenly shots rang out a dozen blocks away and people fled in a panic. Some think the incidents were related, though federal officials said late Tuesday they still have no explanation for violence Sept. 26 that killed six, wounded at least 25 and left so many missing.
Tough-looking civilians had been guarding the mayor’s wife, Maria de los Angeles Pineda Villa, a woman with alleged family ties to organized crime. A police force that state and federal officials accuse of being infiltrated by drug gangs patrolled the streets.
Into this combustible mix came the students from a radical rural teacher’s college that had defied drug cartel extortion in the past. Well-known for blocking highways and other protests, they arrived with plans to solicit donations from passers-by.
They were ending their fund-raising and meeting up to return home about the same time Pineda was finishing her speech. State officials say local police went on the attack, shooting at the buses students had hijacked for their return, as well as innocent bystanders in other vehicles.
Javier Monroy, an activist in Chilpancingo for the families of the disappeared, said the brutality of the attack “made no sense,” but could have been caused by the local cartel, Guerreros Unidos, who thought the students were going to disrupt Pineda’s speech.
Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam declined late Tuesday to speculate on any link between the speech and the violence.
“I am not going to single out any hypothesis until I have it confirmed which is the correct one,” he said.
Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca is now a fugitive, and state officials have arrested 22 city officers. His wife’s whereabouts are unknown. The possible massacre has focused attention on the extent to which local police forces such as Iguala’s are permeated by organized crime.
Pineda, the mayor’s wife, is from a family with known ties to the Beltran Leyva cartel. Prosecutors had identified her late brother, Alberto Pineda, as a main lieutenant in the cartel. He and another brother, Marco Pineda, both on former President Felipe Calderon’s most-wanted list, were killed by rivals in 2009.
Another brother, Salomon Pineda, was released from prison last year and is believed to be running the Guerreros Unidos cartel in Iguala, an offshoot of the Beltran Leyva group, according to local media.
“Everyone knew about their presumed connections to organized crime,” Alejandro Encinas, a senator from the mayor’s Democratic Revolution Party, or PRD, told The Associated Press. “Nobody did anything, not the federal government, not the state government, continued…

Windies men threaten strike  India ODI series in doubtUpdated: October 8, 2014 14:23 IST
Kochi ODI on despite Windies strike threat
Arun Venugopal
Tweet
The Hindu In this October 6, 2014 photo, members of the West Indies team arrive at the Kochi Aiport. The team has threatened to go on strike over a pay dispute with their cricket board throwing the India-West Indies series in doubt.
TOPICS
One-day cricket
A top source, however, confirmed that the first ODI would go ahead as scheduled. The fate of the rest of the series, though, remains in the realm of conjecture
The dispute over payments to West Indies’s cricketers – a longstanding problem afflicting the team – threatens to disrupt the India-West Indies series. A top source, however, confirmed that the first ODI would go ahead as scheduled. The fate of the rest of the series, though, remains in the realm of conjecture.
Even as speculation about its pull-out was rife, the West Indies team left for the stadium on Wednesday at around 12.20 p.m. A little while before the team’s departure, its ODI skipper Dwayne Bravo was spotted at the lobby in a relaxed mood, smiling and exchanging pleasantries with a local official.
On Tuesday, trouble began to brew following ODI skipper Dwayne Bravo’s letter to the West Indies Players Association (WIPA) president Wavell Hinds, accusing the latter of treating the players like “little school boys”, and arriving at a new memorandum of understanding with the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) sans any consultation with the players. While it wasn’t explicitly stated, the threat of strike action was suggested as Bravo wrote that his team’s morale was “at an all-time low.”
Incidentally, the team didn’t arrive at the ground on Tuesday for pre-match practice. Neither did captain Bravo turn up for the customary captains’ press conference. The West Indies media manager, Philip Spooner, had told The Hindu on Tuesday that there were “internal meetings”, the contents of which he couldn’t divulge.
Sponner didn’t respond to this correspondent’s calls on Wednesday morning. The seeds of the controversy were sowed when, on September 18, Hinds and WICB president Whycliffe "Dave" Cameron signed a fresh collective bargaining agreement and MoU in Barbados. The players, however, resented the proposals which significantly sheared their salaries.
“We are disappointed with the lack of proper representation and the players are now forced to make this proposal without any details as to how this new purported agreement was even arrived at and by whom, since the only advice we have received from you as President and CEO of WIPA is to not sign the contract /agreement that was sent by the WICB,” wrote Bravo.
Meanwhile, the WICB on Tuesday apologised to “fans, the BCCI, and all other stakeholders” in a press release. “The West Indies Cricket Board has been advised that a number of players forming the West Indies One Day International squad currently in India, and scheduled to play five ODIs, commencing with the first ODI on Wednesday October 8, have expressed concerns to WIPA on a number of issues relating to the CBA/MOU recently signed by WICB and WIPA.”
It added that every effort was made to ensure that all commitments were fulfilled and cricket was played. The Board also called for a “reasoned approach,” and said further announcements would be made “as may be necessary.”

Live Cricket Score  IND vs WI  1st ODI: India take on West Indies in first ODI inKochiMarlon Samuels, with an unbeaten 126, equalled his highest — 126 vs Bangladesh — in One-day Internationals in Kochi on Wednesday (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Kochi | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:39 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:04 pm
West Indies put behind an acrimonious pay dispute with their Board to spank number one ranked India by a huge margin of 124 runs in the first one-dayer to take a 1-0 lead in the five-match series.
SCORECARD: IND vs WI
The Caribbeans, who were on the verge of boycotting the ODI, rode on Marlon Samuels’ career-best equalling 126 not out to post 321 for six and then shot out the Indians for 197 in 41 overs in a rather one-sided contest at the Nehru Stadium.
India paid the price for some mediocre bowling and shoddy batting as they were outplayed by the crisis-hit visiting team in all departments of the game to suffer a heavy defeat.
Indian bowlers gave away too many runs at the second part of West Indies innings to allow the visitors pile up a big total after being put into bat and then the much-vaunted home batsmen, except for Shikhar Dhawan (68), failed to fire on a batting pitch.
Most of Indian batsmen were out on poor shot selection and they could not stitch any substantial partnership in the face of some tight bowling by the visiting bowlers, the highest being the 49 in 8.4 overs for the opening wicket between Dhawan and Ajinkya Rahane (24). Dhawan’s scratchy 68 came from 92 balls with the help of nine fours.
Ravindra Jadeja (33 not out) was the other Indian batsman who scored more than 20 runs.
West Indies, even without their mystery spinner Sunil Narine, could tie down the top Indian batsmen who failed to get the runs when required.
Chasing a huge target of 322 for a win, India could not get to a good start as Rahane was run out in a bizarre mix-up in the ninth over with just 49 on board.
Rahane tapped the length ball off Ravi Rampaul on the pads between short fine leg and square leg and after taking the first run quickly, he wanted a second and continued to run hard. But, Dhawan went back after taking a step and both found themselves at the keeper’s end and Rahane had to depart for the dressing room.
Virat Kohli (2) continued his struggle for form and even on a batting pitch, he could not do much and got dismissed the next over after facing just five balls. Kohli defended a Jerome Taylor delivery which held its line on the backfoot with an angled bat and the outside edge flew to Sammy at wide slip for a low catch.
Ambati Rayudu (13) looked like he would settle down for a partnership with Dhawan but lasted just six overs before he was out in the 16th over.
India were in a spot of bother when Rayudu was out at 82 for three but the home side’s chances of a win was dealt a blow continued…
Samuels signalled his return to ODI cricket with a brilliantly crafted unbeaten century as West Indies put up a commanding 321 for six

Mexico mass grave: Gunshots sowed panic before killings inMexicoMembers of the Community Police arrive to help in the search for the missing students in Iguala, Mexico, Tuesday, Oct. 7, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Iguala | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:24 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 12:25 pm
On the day 43 students disappeared in this southern Mexican town, the mayor’s wife was finishing up a speech to local dignitaries on family social services while townspeople waited for a celebratory dance afterward.
Suddenly shots rang out a dozen blocks away and people fled in a panic. Some think the incidents were related, though federal officials said late Tuesday they still have no explanation for violence Sept. 26 that killed six, wounded at least 25 and left so many missing.
Tough-looking civilians had been guarding the mayor’s wife, Maria de los Angeles Pineda Villa, a woman with alleged family ties to organized crime. A police force that state and federal officials accuse of being infiltrated by drug gangs patrolled the streets.
Into this combustible mix came the students from a radical rural teacher’s college that had defied drug cartel extortion in the past. Well-known for blocking highways and other protests, they arrived with plans to solicit donations from passers-by.
They were ending their fund-raising and meeting up to return home about the same time Pineda was finishing her speech. State officials say local police went on the attack, shooting at the buses students had hijacked for their return, as well as innocent bystanders in other vehicles.
Javier Monroy, an activist in Chilpancingo for the families of the disappeared, said the brutality of the attack “made no sense,” but could have been caused by the local cartel, Guerreros Unidos, who thought the students were going to disrupt Pineda’s speech.
Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam declined late Tuesday to speculate on any link between the speech and the violence.
“I am not going to single out any hypothesis until I have it confirmed which is the correct one,” he said.
Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca is now a fugitive, and state officials have arrested 22 city officers. His wife’s whereabouts are unknown. The possible massacre has focused attention on the extent to which local police forces such as Iguala’s are permeated by organized crime.
Pineda, the mayor’s wife, is from a family with known ties to the Beltran Leyva cartel. Prosecutors had identified her late brother, Alberto Pineda, as a main lieutenant in the cartel. He and another brother, Marco Pineda, both on former President Felipe Calderon’s most-wanted list, were killed by rivals in 2009.
Another brother, Salomon Pineda, was released from prison last year and is believed to be running the Guerreros Unidos cartel in Iguala, an offshoot of the Beltran Leyva group, according to local media.
“Everyone knew about their presumed connections to organized crime,” Alejandro Encinas, a senator from the mayor’s Democratic Revolution Party, or PRD, told The Associated Press. “Nobody did anything, not the federal government, not the state government, continued…

Israel police  Palestinians  clash on TempleMountIsraeli soldiers and border policemen aim towards Palestinian protesters during clashes that erupted after Israeli troops shot dead two Palestinians, Amer Abu Aisheh and Marwan Qawasmeh in the West Bank city of Hebron, Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:16 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 12:27 pm
Israeli police say Palestinian demonstrators have clashed with police forces on Jerusalem’s Temple Mount and that three policemen were lightly injured.
Police spokeswoman Luba Samri says several dozen masked Palestinians began throwing rocks and fire crackers at police when the Temple Mount, which is known to Muslims as the “Noble Sanctuary,” opened for prayers on Wednesday morning.
There was no immediate information on Palestinian casualties.
The location is the holiest site in Judaism and the third holiest in Islam, and is a frequent flashpoint for demonstrations.
Tensions have been high in Jerusalem since Hamas militants abducted and killed three Jewish teenagers in the West Bank in June and Jewish extremists killed a young Palestinian several weeks later.
Those events helped precipitate the 50-day-long Gaza war this summer.

A confidence booster: TintuTintu Luka.- PHOTO: K. RAGESH
TOPICS
athletics, track and field
Sometimes, a silver medal can also be a silver lining of hope for a golden future. Tintu Luka prefers to see the silver she won in the women’s 800m at the Incheon Asian Games a few days ago in such light.
“I would have loved to win the gold, but the time I clocked (1:59.19) and the way I ran the race have made me more confident as I prepare for my next major event, the world championship (in Beijing next March),” Tintu told The Hindu here on Tuesday, shortly after arriving from Incheon.
“If I had judged my first lap better, I could have won the gold. Still, this was easily the best race I have run since the London Olympics in 2012.”
It was also one of the toughest races in her career. “All three medallists ran under two minutes, something that has not happened before in the Asian Games,” she said.
“I was determined to finish strongly, though I was tiring as I approached the finishing line.”
Tintu said she had worked a lot with coach P.T. Usha prior to the Asian Games. “Her inputs helped me a lot for my race in Incheon,” she said.
“I think my performance proved that there is nothing wrong with the training methods at the Usha School of Athletics.”
Tintu said being part of the gold-medal winning 4x400m relay team was a dream come true. “I had dreamt of going up the podium to receive an Asian Games gold,” she said. “And it felt great that I could contribute crucially in our victory.”
It was Tintu’s terrific run in the second leg that paved the way for what was India’s fourth gold in a row in the longer relay; when she received the baton from Priyanka Pawar, India was fourth, but when she passed it on to Mandeep Kaur, the team had taken the lead.
“It was a superb effort by Tintu,” a proud Usha said.
The coach is also impressed with her time in the 800m. “I wanted her to record a sub-two and I am glad she did,” Usha said. “And it was good to see her showing a lot of fighting spirit, as she closed in on the gold-medallist Margarita Matsko, who was timing her finish neatly.”
Usha said the race would do a world of good to Tintu’s confidence. “Her time is the 13th best in the world this year, and she is certainly capable of running quicker,” she said. “But she still has to make some tactical adjustments, and we are going to work on that.”

Sena takes jibe at Modi s  56 inch chestSena, Cong attack Modi over border firing by Pak
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 08, 2014
First Published: 12:27 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:17 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
The Congress and the Shiv Sena used the border firing issue to attack Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday, saying he should focus on the country’s security with Pakistan pounding Indian posts along the border in Jammu over the past week.
 
An editorial in the Shiv Sena mouthpiece, Saamna, slammed Modi for spending time addressing election rallies across Maharashtra, saying Pakistan has been emboldened by the government's failure to take firm steps against the firing which has left eight civilians dead so far.
 
“Maharashtra politics can come later. The country’s security is important. Modiji, please stop tolerating the indiscretions of Pakistan,” said the Sena, an ally of the BJP for 25 years until they snapped ties last month over sharing of seats in the state assembly polls.
 
In an obvious jibe at Modi who often talked of his 56-inch chest at his election rallies, the Shiv Sena said you don’t need a “56-inch chest” to protect the interests of the nation.
Read: Why is PM soft on Pak, China, asks Rahul
 
“Whether a 56-inch chest can save the country or not is debatable. But if you have the will to protect your country, then anyone can do it,” said the editorial
 
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi also hit out at Modi, saying he had done nothing to stop the Pakistani shelling which has wounded more than 70 people and forced thousands to abandon their homes along the border.
 
“Before the Lok Sabha polls, Modi used to speak of adopting an aggressive approach towards China and Pakistan. Now, despite so many provocations, the PM is not doing anything for the last three months,” Gandhi said at his first campaign rally for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly elections at Mahad in Raigad district.
 
“When the Prime Minister was enjoying a swing with the Chinese President, thousands of their soldiers were occupying our land in Ladakh,” he said.
 
The shooting, which started more than a week ago, has seen some of the most intense violence between India and Pakistan in about a decade.
 
The firing has strained India-Pakistan relations which hit a low after New Delhi called off foreign secretary-level talks in August following the Pakistani high commissioner’s meeting with Kashmiri separatist leaders.
                                                                                                                      
This year has been particularly volatile along the border and the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir, which is due for assembly polls as Pakistan typically ratchets up border tensions every time the state holds elections.
With agency inputs

Kerala Congress to seek action against TharoorState Cong reports Tharoor's 'constant' Modi praise
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 10:34 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 18:32 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
The Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee on Wednesday decided to send a report to the party high command seeking appropriate action against member of Parliament Shashi Tharoor, who invited his colleagues' ire after he accepted Prime Minister Narendra Modi's invitation to join his Swachh Bharat campaign.
Tharoor had recently accepted Prime Minister Narendra Modi's initiative to join the Clean India campaign but he has clarified more than once that it did not mean he was endorsing the Bharatiya Janata Party's policies.
The Kerala unit of the Congress party said the Tharoor's "constant adulation" of Modi has deeply hurt party workers.  To put more pressure on him Kerala Students' Union (KSU), the student wing of the Congress, has asked Tharoor to quit his MP post.
"There were repeated instances of Tharoor appreciating the PM. He has hurt the sentiments of party workers who really toiled to ensure his second term. We will wait for the high command's decision," said PCC chief V M Sudheeran after consultation with senior leaders and chief minister Oommen Chandy.
He said the state unit favoured an appropriate step to ensure that such actions would not be repeated.
In the meeting many leaders sought action against Tharoor but since he's an All India Congress Committee spokesperson the state unit has decided to lob the ball into the central leadership's court.
The decision came a day after the party mouthpiece Veekshanam hit out against Tharoor saying such fortune-hunters should be thrown out if they could not correct themselves.
Without naming Tharoor, it compared such leaders to "Siberian migratory birds which come looking for ideal climate."
Many leaders have come out in the open seeking action against the former Union minister.
"His views are against the party's secular agenda. Despite repeated warnings, he has been praising Modi again and again. It is better for Tharoor to quit," said KSU president VS Joy.
What really angered party leaders was the fact that unlike actor Kamal Hasan, who reacted immediately after Modi's invitation saying cleaning was not a PR exercise and he has been doing it throughout his life, Tharoor had accepted Modi's invitation without any second thought and later tweeted saying he was really honoured.
Many party workers also feel that he was being dragged into unnecessary controversies because he never toed group politics.
"He's not a born politician. Many senior leaders do not like his style and mannerism. Many here still feel that he has not committed a big mistake. It is sad senior leaders are encouraging all and sundry to turn against him," said a party district functionary. 
Tharoor, on his part, wrote on his Facebook page that Mahatma Gandhi stood for not only physical cleanliness but also for cleanliness of mind, heart, soul, spirit.
"I therefore urge @PMOIndia to also work for an India cleansed of bigotry, hatred, intolerance & divisiveness, an India that is truly clean," he said.
Tharoor had told NDTV on Tuesday that he was being targeted because he is an outsider.
"Nobody understands when somebody is trying to express a complex set of ideas," he said.
He also said that he has been seen by some as a "foreign object in the body politic".
"And perhaps there is a difficulty in digesting who I am and how I conduct myself," he reportedly told NDTV.
After the row erupted over the Clean India mission, Tharoor, an MP from Thiruvananthapuram and a former Union minister, had tweeted that he is "a proud Congressman and a proud Indian. In short: not pro-BJP, just pro-India!"

Two killed  one injured in Pakistan explosionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ask Group launches Rs 1 500 cr real estate fundAsk Group launches Rs 1,500 cr real estate fund
Our Bureau
New Delhi, Oct. 8:  
Ask Property Investment Advisor has launched fourth real estate fund of Rs 1,500 crore.
The fund will invest in self-liquidating residential projects in six major cities Mumbai, Pune, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Delhi-NCR.
Ask Group has previously raised two domestic funds and an offshore fund.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Blood moon : Total lunar eclipse graces pre-dawn skies todayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

GSK Consumer s Zubair Ahmed promoted in top-deck reshuffleGSK Consumer's Zubair Ahmed to take up regional role next year
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 12:24 PM IST
Zubair Ahmed, senior vice-president, Indian sub-continent, GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (GSKCH) India, has been named the head of the Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa for the proposed joint venture between GSK Consumer Healthcare and pharmaceutical firm Novartis' OTC business.
This role expansion has been announced as a part of the integration planning process for the proposed JV with Novartis, the company said in a statement today. Ahmed will take over this role following closure of the deal which is expected in the first half of 2015, the company added.
Commenting on this, Emma Walmsley, president, GSKCH, said “I am delighted to announce Zubair’s designate role in the proposed new structure. His business acumen, people management skills and sharp understanding of these markets will help us in our goal to accelerate growth across our emerging markets business.”
Ahmed joined GSKCH in 2007 and over the last seven years has been responsible for leading a team that has more than tripled revenues of the India business.
He joins a growing band of Indian-origin executives who are either heading companies or taking up plum assignments abroad. His new role will see him manage operations of over 100 countries, which is a significant step-up from the three markets of India, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh that he handled as SVP, Indian Sub-Continent.

Brent falls to 27-month lowBrent falls to 27-month low
Reuters | Singapore Oct 08, 2014 11:53 AM IST
Brent crude futures fell below $91 a barrel on Wednesday to their lowest since June 2012, holding to a months-long tumble in prices as lower economic growth forecasts raised new concerns about global oil demand amid rising U.S. inventory levels.
The International Monetary Fund on Tuesday cut its global economic growth forecasts for the third time this year, warning of weaker growth in core eurozone countries, Japan and big emerging markets like Brazil.
While the IMF kept the growth outlook for China, the world's No.2 oil consumer, unchanged at 7.4 percent for this year, it saw the risk of a hard landing in the medium term due to concerns over excess industrial capacity and credit issues.
Asian investors were worried about overnight economic data from Germany that showed industrial output fell by a larger-than-expected 4 percent in August, the biggest drop since the financial crisis in 2009, said Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at Sydney's CMC Markets.
The fall in output was a more immediate indicator of slowing growth than the IMF figures, McCarthy said.
"It shows the strong man of Europe is going down," McCarthy said.
"Growth concerns are on traders' minds, coupled with the glut in supply. The market is caught in a vortex of high supply and weak demand," said Ben Le Brun, market analyst at Sydney's OptionsXpress.
Brent for November delivery fell $1.16 to $90.95 by 0540 GMT, after hitting $90.76 earlier in the session, its lowest point since June 2012.
Oil prices have trended lower on oversupply and weak demand since mid-June, when Brent hit a nine-month high of $115.71.
West Texas Intermediate for November delivery dropped $1.07 to $87.79 a barrel, after falling to $87.39 earlier in the session, its lowest since April 2013.
U.S. crude stocks climbed by 5.1 million barrels to 360 million in the week to Oct. 3, according to an inventory report on Tuesday from industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API). This was much larger than the build of 1.5 million barrels expected by analysts polled by Reuters.
"The U.S. has a million barrels a day of oil due to the shale revolution, while there is softer growth in China. Japan is not firing on all cylinders," Le Brun said.
China's services sector weakened slightly in September as new business cooled, reflected in the services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit and released on Wednesday. The marker pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
Oil prices could fall further by the weekend although this would depend on how the dollar performed.
"A little bit of profit taking in the U.S. dollar should support the commodities complex," Le Brun said.
The dollar index was at 85.841 in trade on Wednesday, off a four-year peak of 86.746 hit on Friday.
Brent could be around $90 a barrel by Friday, with U.S. oil trending towards $85 a barrel, Le Brun said.
Geopolitical tensions could still provide some support to oil prices, but conflicts in the Middle East, North Africa and Ukraine have so far had only limited impact on crude output.
As fighting continued between Kurdish and Islamic State fighters for control of the Syrian Kurdish town of Kobani, the United States stepped up discussions with Turkey on Tuesday over its role in a U.S.-led coalition fighting the Islamist militants in Syria.
Libyan oil production has slipped below 900,000 barrels per day (bpd), down from as high as 925,000 bpd last month, due to a sit-in protest at Sirte Oil Co by local residents demanding jobs, a source at the National Oil Corporation said on Tuesday.
 

Oil companies surge after Brent falls to 27-month lowOil companies surge after Brent falls to 27-month low
Reuters |  Oct 08, 2014 11:54 AM IST
Shares of oil companies surged after Brent fell to 27-month low on global growth, oil glut concerns.
Refiners benefit from lower oil because of higher margins, while explorers benefit from reduced subsidy burdens.
Hindustan Petroleum Corp
surges 4.4 percent, Indian Oil Corp
rises 3.7 percent while Bharat Petroleum Corp
is up 3.6 percent.
Oil and Natural Gas Corp
gains 1.7 percent, while Oil India
is up 0.3 percent.

Then and now: The Thackeray cousins on NarendraModiThen and now: The Thackeray cousins on Narendra Modi
Express News Service | New Delhi |       October 8, 2014 1:20 pm
Comments
The tactical shift within Shiv Sena and MNS aims to send a message to the cadre that their political survival in the state may be under threat because of the likely high tide of a Modi wave.
Until the BJP and the Shiv Sena snapped ties on September 25, the only political line that united the Thackeray cousins was their admiration for Narendra Modi. Modi continues to unite them even now — but as a mutual rival.
Raj Thackeray – APRIL 20 
““I was the first one to say that Modi should become the PM. I said this in 2011 when I visited Gujarat and saw the work he had done. Even the BJP had not thought of him becoming the PM at that time”.
Raj Thackeray sitting at his party office.
 
Raj Thackeray – August 17
“People have elected him as Prime Minister…He should be given some time to show results”
RAJ NOW…October 7
‘Larger design’ for Mumbai
“Can you imagine a prime minister holding 23 rallies for the Maharashtra assembly polls?… There is a larger design behind this campaign… It is aimed at wielding control of the financial capital of India
Uddhav Thackeray - “April 17
“We need someone like Narendra Modi to save this country”
UDDHAV NOW…September 27
‘Like the army of Afzal Khan’
“They have seen the (Modi) wave in Lok Sabha elections… Now, the people of this state will show them what a wave means. We shall not rest till we install a Sena chief minister” September 27
Uddhav… October 7
“They get the Prime Minister to campaign for them and then the entire cabinet of the PM comes here to campaign for them. These people are like the army of Afzal Khan trying to conquer this state”

First look : Saif Ali Khan takes the right angle in HappyEndingPrint
The first look of the film that has Saif Ali Khan in a rugged jeans and shirt was released Wednesday morning.
Written by Apurva Singh , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 1:08 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 1:45 pm
Saif Ali Khan is back onscreen with his new romantic comedy ‘Happy Ending’. The first look of the film that has Saif Ali Khan in a rugged jeans and shirt was released Wednesday morning.
Saif , who was last seen in hit comedy ‘Humshakals’, plays the role of ‘Yudi’, a Hollywood writer. The first poster has Saif giving the typical ‘camera’ angle through which he may visualise his stories.
The film that is going to release in November this year is a romantic comedy also starring Ileana D’cruz opposite Saif .
‘Happy Ending’ is directed by Raj Nidimoru and Krishna DK. It is produced by Saif and Dinesh Vijan under their banner Illuminati Films.
The film also stars Govinda, Kalki Koechlin, while Preity Zinta and Kareena Kapoor will be seen in cameo appearances.
The film is an observation of the modern Indian man and woman. It has a take on love, relationships, marriage, friendships, plagiarism and happy endings.

Sharad Yadav shares stage with Mulayam Singh  fuels alliancespeculationPress Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:59 pm
JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav on Wednesday shared the dais with Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on the inaugural day of SP’s national convention, fuelling speculation about their joining hands.
Sharad Yadav said that he and Mulayam had always been “good friends” and he had come to attend the convention on the SP supremo’s invitation.
“We have been together since early days. The Constitution has been dealt a severe blow in the present conditions. We have to save it,” the JD(U) leader told reporters at the start of the three-day convention.
Though Sharad Yadav refused to comment on a possible alliance with the SP, he had recently made it clear that he would make efforts to “bring together all those who were part of old Janata Parivar to fight the new political challenge”.
JD(U) and its arch rival RJD, both offshoots of Janata Dal Parivar, have already joined hands to form an alliance in Bihar. In Kerala, Socialist Janata (Democratic) Party, headed by former Union Minister M P Veerendra Kumar, too decided to merge with Janata Dal (United) in September.
Also efforts are on to bring on board splinter groups which are politically significant in other states.
The unity drive in the erstwhile Janata Parivar has come after the Narendra Modi juggernaut crushed Janata Dal (United) in Lok Sabha elections in Bihar with BJP-led combine winning 31 of 40 seats in the state.
There are indications of the rise of BJP in Kerala, Assam and West Bengal, the states where the saffron party did not perform well in past.

Im single: Preetika Rao ofBeintehaaTelevision actress Preetika Rao is flummoxed by reports suggesting she is in a relationship with the director of her successful serial "Beintehaa". She has clarified that she is single and that she has no time to 'mingle'.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:57 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 1:01 pm
Television actress Preetika Rao is flummoxed by reports suggesting she is in a relationship with the director of her successful serial “Beintehaa”. She has clarified that she is single and that she has no time to ‘mingle’.
“I don’t know where these tall tales come from. There are two directors for ‘Beintehaa’ – Ankur Bhatia and Pushkar Pandit. Both are equally fond of me. If Pushkar calls me Aloo, a pet-name based on my character’s name Aliya, it is out of his fondness for the character I play. Seen in that way, Ankur calls me Mallika-e-Beintehaa,” said Preetika.
She blames a photograph shared on a social networking platform, for the romance rumour.
“I guess this rumour started when Pushkar put a picture of the two of us on Twitter. I was flooded with curious queries about our chemistry. But tell me, does a picture on a social media of two people have to mean a relationship between the two,” asked Preetika.
“The truth is that Pushkar and I are just cordial friends and colleagues. I have no knowledge of or interest in his personal life. Right now I’m totally focused on my career and don’t want to get into any distracting situation,” she added.
Also, she has no time for love. “I’m single. Forget about a relationship, the hours shooting for a television serial leave me with no time to meet friends. Work is my only priority right now.”

Opinion: Pak army is determined to check how PM Modi is different from his predecessorsPakistan army is determined to check how PM Modi is different from his predecessors
Oct 8, 2014, 01.09PM IST
Tags:
(The paramilitary forces…)
By G Parthasarathy
Why should Nawaz Sharif , besieged by domestic problems, with his army heavily deployed fighting the Pakistani Taliban along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border, suddenly decide to escalate tensions along the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir? The answer is that Pakistan's security policies are not decided by the prime minister, but by his namesake, General Raheel Shareef .
Confronted by a virtual takeover of the capital, Islamabad, by the followers of Imran Khan and Maulana Qadri, the prime minister had to turn to the army to not only protect the capital but also act as mediator in his confrontation with Imran and Qadri. He was earlier forced to abandon a peace initiative with the Pakistan Taliban, when the army, backed by air power, unleashed a military operation against the Pakistan Taliban in North Waziristan.
The army also appears determined to check out how different Narendra Modi will be from his predecessors.
The ISI challenged Mr Modi on the day he was sworn in, by getting the Indian Consulate in Herat attacked.
This was followed by testing India's will, by stepping up infiltration across the LoC. The Indian response was robust. The attention then turned to stirring up trouble within Jammu and Kashmir, so that it remained a focus of world attention as a 'Nuclear Flashpoint'.
Infiltration of Jihadis across the Line of Control would be meaningless for Pakistan, unless unrest in Jammu and Kashmir would produce the equivalent of a Palestinian Intifada, together with periodic shootouts that would receive international attention. There is disappointment in Rawalpindi that even the normally supportive British Parliamentarians did not oblige them during recent parliamentary discussions on Jammu and Kashmir.
A major weapon in Pakistan's political arsenal in the Kashmir Valley has been the Hurriyat leadership, which many in India's intelligence establishment have pampered for far too long. Despite constant support from the ISI, the Hurriyat was unable to stir up tensions in the Kashmir valley. Moreover, the ISI's long time stalwart, Syed Ali Shah Geelani , is now aging and unwell. Mirwaiz Umar Farookh is regarded as soft and Hamlet like.
The floods that tore apart the Kashmir valley have come as a boon for the ISI. A propaganda barrage has been unleashed claiming that the inept Omar Abdullah government and the Indian Army have done nothing to rescue and assist stranded and displaced Kashmiris.
Two new stalwarts emerged to give a boost to this Pakistani effort to stir up public anger against India in the Kashmir valley. They are Hurriyat leaders Yasin Malik and Shabir Shah. Both these worthies led the charge in defaming the Indian Army and attempting to destroy the credibility and efficacy of the efforts to provide relief by the Army, NDMA and others.
The major challenge that New Delhi now faces in Jammu and Kashmir is not militancy, but in providing relief and rehabilitation for the population in the Kashmir valley, after the snows commence next month and communications are disrupted.
After having faced a decisive response from the Indian Army when it last attempted to raise tensions across the Line of Control, the Pakistan army has now resorted to using the paramilitary Rangers for firing across the international border. The effort is geared to sending in as many infiltrators as possible, before the snows commence and the mountain passes close.
Pakistan knows that India has the capabilities to deal with infiltration, especially as large parts of the LoC are now fenced. The paramilitary forces along the border and LoC like the BSF and Indo-Tibetan Border Police should be equipped with enhanced firepower.
Moreover, while responding robustly, New Delhi should also raise the political and diplomatic costs for Pakistan, if it persists with its present policies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kandagiri Spinning Mills: Outcome of AGMOct 08, 2014, 01.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kandagiri Spinning Mills: Outcome of AGM
Kandagiri Spinning Mills Ltd has informed BSE that the 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 28, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kandagiri Spinning Mills: Outcome of AGM
Kandagiri Spinning Mills Ltd has informed BSE that the 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 28, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Kandagiri Spinning Mills Ltd has informed BSE that the 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 28, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Rupee best pick among EM currencies: Deutsche BkLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rupee best pick among EM currencies: Deutsche Bk
The dollar-yen has run out of steam, which is giving support to emerging market currencies, says Sameer Goel, head of Asia rates and currency research at Deutsche Bank.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
The third quarter has been the best quarter for the US dollar and a lot of its strength has come against the euro. The dollar-yen has run out of steam, which is giving support to emerging market currencies, says Sameer Goel, head of Asia rates and currency research at Deutsche Bank.
The rupee continues to be the best pick among emerging markets currencies, he adds.
Largely concurring with the view of the rupee maintaining outperformance against other EM currencies, Macquarie Bank cautions that some capital outflows could pressure the rupee in the near term. It sees rupee in 61-62 per dollar range in the medium term.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Sameer Goel's interview with Reema Tendulkar and Sumaira Abidi on CNBC-TV18.
Reema: What would be your near-term outlook on the currency and the key levels that you are watching out for?
A: As you said, a lot of what is happening with INR at the moment is largely a beta to the broader dollar. The dollar has now had 12 consecutive weekly gains which is I believe a record since Bretton Wood system came on being. The third quarter has been the second best quarter for the dollar since 1993. So, we have seen a long move in the dollar and I suspect that will sustain in particular because a lot of that dollar move is coming against the euro and that to my mind buy much more real money flows, corporate hedging activities and so forth.
I think in the near-term we are clearly seeing a consolidation, some bit of correction and that is only valid given the real rate differentials Dollar-yen to an extent has run out of steam in the near-term and that as you said is certainly giving a bit of support as far as emerging market currencies are concerned. However, overall the broader dollar move remains.
As far as INR in particular is concerned I would argue that certainly has the best prospects in emerging markets. So, while it is very hard to completely duck the bigger dollar trend INR certainly stands as among the best picks in emerging market currencies.
Sumaira: If this broad dollar strength were to by and large continue what could be the upside which you see on the dollar index?
A: I think dollar index is if you ask me in a multi-year up scale move and in fact we are only probably in the second or maybe third year of that. Dollar cycles tend to be anywhere between 7-10 years, so, we have a long wave for the dollar potentially to move.
I think the key part here would be not so much the DXY moving up but also very importantly whether the dollar strength broadens out and whether it encompasses more than just DXY which as you know is very euro heavy weighted and very weighted towards yen.
Reema: I understand that yesterday at least it was the foreign institutional investors (FII) debt flows which supported the currency. Can you give us a few numbers about how the FII flows have been in debt?
A: It has been a very big year for FII investment. Year-to-date (YTD) numbers are close to about USD 20 billion. I don’t immediately have the last few days numbers with me but almost certainly especially since the last auction of limits we have seen more interest come through for FIIs into the local debt markets.
I think we need to be careful here though that as we approach the limits on those investments you could expect those flows to slowdown unless we see a widening in these limits themselves. However, from a flow perspective the key part here would be that they could well get replaced by longer term flows like on FDI or once the disinvestment program is underway.
Sumaira: Globally what is the next big trigger then for the currency markets that you would be looking out for, what is your expectation from the FOMC minutes and locally as well what would you be looking out for?
A: If you ask me we are entering into a bit of a consolidation mode as far as global effects are concerned. As I said we have seen very big moves, September in particular was very big in terms of broadening out of the dollar strength and particularly against emerging market currencies. I think we are now entering into a bit of a consolidation phase.
Again the next trigger to look for in my mind the key thematic driving dollar and FX markets more generally will be divergence in monetary policy. So, we need to look for that next point where either the Fed once it has finished off its QE which it will this month starts to signal a more rapid exit from its policy or alternatively the Europeans which seem like have recently back trapped a little bit on their easing plans – kind of go more proactively into quantitative easing. So, something which increases that divergence of policy which again push some trends in FX markets.
RELATED NEWS

Spectacle Ventures: Outcome of AGMOct 08, 2014, 01.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Spectacle Ventures: Outcome of AGM
Spectacle Ventures Ltd has informed BSE that the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Spectacle Ventures: Outcome of AGM
Spectacle Ventures Ltd has informed BSE that the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Spectacle Ventures Ltd has informed BSE that the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Expert beauty treatments for anti-ageingShare 0
Natural products may be super healthy for your skin, but their effects are long-term. With the festive and wedding season already upon us, why not opt for quicker methods? Skin specialist Dr Rekha Sheth shares with us 3 anti-ageing tips that work for her.
The three P's that have worked for me are:
1. Products I use:
    * Thorough cleansing Currently I use my own formulation called 'Cleanse' which has microbeads of Vitamin E, almond oil and is pH balanced. You could try products from L'Oreal, Dove, Garnier etc. To remove make-up, I use cleansing milk.
    * Sunscreen I use my own formulation, or L'Oreal, Vichy, Aveeno, RoC, etc., with SPF 50
    * Night anti-ageing creams: Since I know how each cream works, the different creams I alternate between are:
Retinoids: These are the most effective but generally not so well tolerated. So I use about twice a week-Tretinoin .025 which is a prescription cream. Alpha hydroxy acids (AHAs): These are less powerful but still quite effective. Again, I use my own formulation 'Ultrarejuv'.
Peptides: These are quite effective without being irritating. It is found in Olay's Regenerist.
Anti-oxidants: The are the mildest, yet most essential to counteract the bad effects of pollution, excess UV exposure, stress, etc. I used Neutrogena's moisturiser with vitamin A, C and E earlier but now I am using my own formulation 'Vitaglo'.
2. Procedures:
    * Microdermabrasion or skin polishing or skin peels every month. It is a painless procedure on the surface of the skin.
    * Fractional laser for skin tightening. I started it last month and will be taking 6 sittings at monthly intervals. It uses a laser beam to treat a fraction of your skin at a time.
3. Passion for my subject and exercise:
    * My love and interest in what I do and a regular exercise regime have been equally important. Sometimes these two have worked for me more than anything else.
 
Dr Rekha Sheth is a leading cosmetic dermatologist. She is the vice president of International Society of Dermatology, founder-president of Cosmetology Society (India) and also runs Dr Rekha Sheth's Skin and Hair Care, a successful chain of skin clinics.
You may also like:

Maharashtra won t be split  asserts ModiMumbai will stay in Maharashtra, asserts Modi
Raj Thackeray, attacking Modi, had earlier alleged the centre had a hidden agenda to split Maharashtra.
Yahoo India –  Tue 7 Oct, 2014
Print
DHULE: Prime Minister Narendra Modi slammed MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Tuesday for alleging that the centre is trying to split Mumbai from Maharashtra, CNN IBN reports.
He was quoted by CNN IBN as saying, "After cotton and onion they started another lie saying Maharashtra will be divided! Can anyone do this? Is there anyone born who can divide Chhatrapati Shivaji's Maharashtra? Till I am in Delhi, I assure you no power will be able to break Maharashtra."
Earlier Raj Thackeray questioned why Modi was addressing about 20 rallies for Maharashtra's assembly elections. According to the CNN IBN report, Thakceray alleged Modi's intention is to gain control of Mumbai.
Addressing the first of three scheduled rallies in Maharashtra on Tuesday, Modi described himself as a servant of the people of India and not a politician.
"Politicians have the habit of making promises during campaigns and then forgetting them. But I am not a politician, but your sevak (servant). That is why I have come back to remind you of the promises I had made to you earlier. I will give a detailed tab of my work," Prime Minister Modi said.
Launching a scathing attack on the Congress Party, he said, "We never make promises to win elections. We make promises to transform the lives of tribal communities. We don't make false promises like the Congress."
Talking of Maharashtra, he said, "Is there anyone born who can divide Chhatrapati Shivaji's Maharashtra? Without Mumbai there is no Maharashtra, without Maharashtra there is no India."
Taking another dig at the Congress Party, he said, "Election fever is making people who are on the verge of defeat to speak lies. Such politics went on for 60 years. Corruption happened in irrigation sector; you were supposed to get water but did not. But their bank accounts got filled."
Assuring the crowd that he himself is one of them, Prime Minister Modi said, "I don't need to take pictures with poor people. I have grown up with them. I come from amidst you and that is why my government wants to work for poor people."
Giving accounts of farmers who committed suicide, Prime Minister Modi said, "From last ten years, around 3700 farmers have been committing suicide every year in Maharashtra alone."
Concluding the rally, Prime Minister Modi urged the crowd not to make the mistake in electing their government and vote for BJP only.
Later in the day, Prime Minister Modi is scheduled to address more rallies in the state for the upcoming state assembly elections. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Silver futures prices gain on firm global cuesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Japan service sector sentiment unchanged in SeptemberThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Air France estimates strike cost at `500 million euros`Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Vama Industries: Outcome of board meetingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Nokia to suspend production at its Indian facilityThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Global growth woes lift precious metalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hold Ujaas Energy  says Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hold Ujaas Energy, says Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com recommends holding Ujaas Energy.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " Ujaas Energy at current prices is worth holding on to. Midcap stocks can do anything, they can increase 5 times or they may not do anything. But the trend seems to be up."
At 13:10 hrs Ujaas Energy was quoting at Rs 22.90, up Rs 1.20, or 5.53 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 24.25 and an intraday low of Rs 21.30.
Disclosure: Analyst does not have holdings in the stock.
RELATED NEWS

Surya enters into home appliances businessOct 08, 2014, 01.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Surya enters into home appliances business
Surya Roshni has embarked upon a new journey by entering into Fan segment.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Surya enters into home appliances business
Surya Roshni has embarked upon a new journey by entering into Fan segment.
Post your opinion here
 
Surya Roshni Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release titled "Surya enters into Home Appliances Business".Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Dont sell before 5500Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

It reverse from 200 dma 451.75/-Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sirji can any body tell me what to do this share is going down & down ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

All the entities exposed recently by a hindi biz channel will be inves...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Supreme Court declines urgent hearing plea of Sahara chief Subrata RoySubrata Roy was seeking bail to attend the cremation and perform rituals relating to the death of his aunt. (AP)
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 3, 2014 8:16 pm
The Supreme Court today declined to give an urgent hearing to the plea of jailed Sahara chief Subrata Roy seeking bail to attend the cremation and perform rituals relating to the death of his aunt.
The application was mentioned by Roy’s advocates at the residence of Chief Justice H L Dattu who said that there is no urgency in the matter and it will come for hearing in the regular court.
Official sources said that Roy had sought relief for 15 days.
His aunt, who was staying with the Sahara chief’s family, had died yesterday in Lucknow at the age of 90.
On Wednesday, Roy was sent back to his cell in Tihar jail at the end of the period granted by the Supreme Court to stay at an air conditioned facility in the complex to negotiate sale of his overseas luxury hotels.
The court had extended Roy’s stay at the Tihar Jail conference room by 15 days on September 8 for him to sell the properties to raise Rs 10,000 crore to be deposited with SEBI for his bail.
The Supreme Court, on August 1 had allowed Roy and two of his group directors to use the fully air-conditioned conference room in Tihar jail complex for 10 days from August 5, within a given time lot of 6:00 am to 8:00 pm.
The meetings held by the group under the surveillance of CCTV cameras.
Roy, 65, was using the conference room with services like Wi-Fi and video-conferencing. He was allowed two laptops, two desktops, landline phones with STD/ISD facilities and a mobile phone.
Two secretarial and one technical person were also allowed to assist him. Roy has been lodged in Tihar Jail since March 4 this year.

Strains showing: India Inc hiring up just 2% in FY14Job creation in fiscal 2014 was a challenge due to sluggish economic growth. (Reuters)
Mumbai | Posted: October 4, 2014 1:23 am
The combined employee strength of the country’s largest companies went up by a mere 2% y-o-y in 2013-14, growing at its slowest pace in the last three years, reflecting the strain that the economy went through in the previous fiscal.
The aggregate employee count for 185 of the BSE 500 companies for whom comparable data are available for the last four financial years on Capitaline stood at 27,85,385 in FY14, 2.18% higher than in FY13. The total number of employees on the payroll of these companies grew at much faster rates of 6.24% in FY13 and 5.6% in FY12.
Click here for graph
The individual headcount at some of the largest firms like State Bank of India, Wipro, Steel Authority of India, HDFC Bank and Tata Motors has, in fact, come down. Job creation in fiscal 2014 was a challenge due to sluggish economic growth that impacted businesses across sectors, especially infrastructure and manufacturing.
On the other hand, companies like TCS, which managed to do well in terms of securing new business from international clients, significantly added to their staff strength.
Interestingly, though the rate of growth in the aggregate number of employees added by these companies was menial compared to the previous years, the growth in total employee cost incurred by these companies remained the same.
In FY14, the combined staff cost incurred by these 166 companies stood at R2.56 lakh crore, 14.45% higher than in FY13. In FY13 and FY12, employee cost for these firms, as a whole, went up by 14.13% and 11.84%.
Anandorup Ghosh, director, talents and rewards, at human resource consulting firm Aon Hewitt, says that the low percentage growth in employee addition in FY14 could be a function of the fact that Indian companies hired a lot more talent in the second half of fiscal 2013, compared with the same period in fiscal 2014.
That may also explain why the growth in employee costs is similar between the two financial years, says Ghosh. Since the employees hired between October 2012 and March 2013 didn’t serve for the full fiscal, costs associated with them were lower in FY13, compared to the next fiscal where they were paid for the full year.
“Another factor for growth in employee costs remaining flat between the two years could be that attrition has been low in 2013-14,” Ghosh says. “When an employee leaves an organisation, that person is typically replaced with a lower cost resource. Whereas if a person continues to work within the organisation year after year, they become more expensive resources as increments given to them add to costs.”
According to the Deloitte Compensation Trends Survey 2014-15, the voluntary attrition rate in FY13 was 13.4%. Ghosh says that, in FY14, the rate of attrition was four percentage points lower than the previous fiscal. Attrition continued…

Former Infosys employee files new lawsuit for damagesPrint
Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: October 4, 2014 9:59 am
A former Infosys Ltd employee responsible for starting a US investigation into the company’s visa practices has filed another lawsuit demanding damages for alleged wrongful termination.
US national Jack Palmer, who was employed by Infosys in Alabama, said in the lawsuit filed on Thursday with a New Jersey court that he had been discriminated against because he flagged that the company was flouting US visa rules.
The lawsuit, seen by Reuters, did not specify how much damages Palmer was seeking. He had previously tried to take Infosys to court, but his earlier case was dismissed in August 2012.
“Palmer resigned in 2013 November and released the company from the charges he has alleged in the complaint. We believe this is without any legal merit and will vigorously defend this complaint,” an Infosys spokeswoman told Reuters.
Last year, Infosys paid $34 million to end an investigation related to the widespread practice by Indian firms of flying workers to client sites in the United States on temporary visas. US authorities had been looking into Infosys’ use of visas since 2011.
Employment visas are a politically charged topic in the United States, especially those related to Indian IT services companies that are seen as taking jobs away from Americans.

Why Ben Bernanke  former US Fed chairman  can t refinance his mortgagePrint
New York Times | Washington | Posted: October 4, 2014 1:45 pm
An employee of a think tank owns a house in the Capitol Hill neighbourhood of Washington. He wants to refinance his mortgage, but the bank won’t give him a loan.
It is perhaps not the most shocking story in the world, but it becomes so when you learn that the think tank employee is Ben Bernanke, who was until earlier this year the chairman of the Federal Reserve, charged with setting the course of interest rate policy for the US economy.
And it seems downright absurd when you consider that he now makes a reported $250,000 for giving a speech and has signed a book contract that is surely in the seven figures. His income this next couple of years will surely dwarf the value of his house.
“Just between us,” he said on stage at a conference in Chicago on Thursday, according to Bloomberg News, “I recently tried to refinance my mortgage and I was unsuccessful in doing so.”
So what’s going on?
Anybody who knows how the world works may know that Ben Bernanke is as safe a credit risk as one could imagine. But he just changed jobs a few months ago. And in the thoroughly automated world of mortgage finance, having recently changed jobs makes you a steeper credit risk.
“The biggest issue that we see with changes in employment is when a change in pay structure occurs,” said Jim Woodworth of Quicken Loans. “For example, someone that goes from a salaried position to a commissioned position will encounter some obstacles with applying for a loan, even if the new job results in higher income.”
The more automated mortgages have become, the less room individual lenders have to use sensible judgment to conclude that, just maybe, the nice man with a beard who looks vaguely familiar and seems quite certain he will make plenty of money to make his mortgage payments might be a good credit risk, no matter what his employment status says.
 

Gold price tumbles by Rs 440 to Rs 27 030 on fall in demandE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gold  silver tumble on fall in demandNew Delhi, October 4, 2014
Updated: October 4, 2014 15:59 IST
Gold, silver tumble on fall in demand
PTI
The Hindu Gold coins showcased at a jewellery show room in Kochi. A file photo: K.K. Mustafah.
TOPICS
gold and precious material
Snapping its three-day rising streak, gold prices tumbled by Rs 440 to Rs 27,030 per ten gram in New Delhi on Saturday following fall in demand at existing higher levels amidst a weak global trend.
Silver followed suit and eased by Rs 450 to Rs 38,200 per kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
The market remained closed on Thursday and Friday on account of ‘Gandhi Jayanti’ and ‘Dussehra’, respectively.
Traders said fall in demand at prevailing higher levels and a weakening trend global market pulled down gold and silver prices.
Globally, gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell two per cent to $ 1,190.30 an ounce, the lowest since December 31 after US employers added more jobs in September than forecast, stoking speculation that the Federal Reserve will move closer to raising interest rates.
Silver also fell 1.3 per cent to $ 16.82 an ounce on the Comex, after touching $ 16.64, the lowest since March 2010.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 440 each to Rs 27,030 and Rs 26,830 per ten gram, respectively. It had gained Rs 240 in the previous three sessions.
Sovereign followed suit and shed Rs 100 at Rs 24,100 per piece of eight gram.
Silver ready dropped further by Rs 450 to Rs 38,200 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 285 to Rs 37,885 per kg.
Silver coins also nosedived by Rs 2,000 to Rs 66,000 for buying and Rs 67,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

US regulator pauses clock on Time Warner Cable-Comcast mergerPrint
Reuters | Washington | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:23 am
The US Federal Communications Commission said on Friday it paused its “shot-clock” on the review of the proposed $45 billion merger between the two largest US cable providers, Comcast Corp and Time Warner Cable Inc.
The FCC, which will determine whether the deal is in the public interest, said it is stopping its informal 180-day clock to review the merger until October 29, the new deadline for the public and stakeholders to comment, or until the agency is satisfied with Comcast’s response to requests for additional information. The deadline had been set for October 8.
On Friday, the FCC’s review of the merger was in day 85 of the 180-day self-imposed informal deadline to complete transaction reviews.
The FCC’s review had been expected to be finished on or around January 6.
The US Department of Justice is also reviewing the proposed deal for antitrust issues. Consumer advocates and some competitors have urged the FCC to reject it, saying the combined company would have too much clout over what Americans watch on television and how they access the Internet.
Comcast has stressed it does not directly compete with Time Warner Cable in any market and argued that, together, they could invest and innovate to bring better services to more Americans.

US sees accelerated hiring  jobless rate touches six-year lowA job fair for military veterans in California on Friday. (source: Reuters)
Reuters | Washington | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:16 am
US employers ramped up hiring in September and the jobless rate fell to a six-year low, bolstering bets the Federal Reserve will hike interest rates in mid-2015.
Friday’s report on employment is the most significant gauge of the economy’s health ahead of November 4 congressional elections.
While US President Barack Obama’s message of an improving economy has been hampered by weakness in wages that persisted through last month, the data nevertheless underscored the strides the labour market has made this year.
US non-farm payrolls rose by 248,000 last month and the jobless rate fell two-tenths of a point to 5.9 per cent, the lowest since July 2008, the US Labor Department said.
The data was generally stronger than Wall Street analysts had anticipated, and investors doubled down on bets the Fed will raise interest rates in mid-2015. The central bank has kept benchmark rates near zero since 2008 to encourage investment and hiring.
Most of Wall Street’s top bond firms still see the Federal Reserve starting to raise interest rates no later than June of next year and said the bond market was under-pricing the risk that the US central bank may move more aggressively once it starts tightening policy, a Reuters survey showed on Friday.
Still, analysts noted the report bore a large caveat in the form of persistently stagnant wages. Average hourly earnings actually slipped a penny last month.
While weak wage growth is keeping Fed policymakers cautious about the timing of their first rate hike, the pace of hiring has stepped up significantly this year. The gain in payrolls over the last six months was the strongest for any six-month period since before the 2007-09 recession.
In a further sign of strength, 69,000 more jobs were created in July and August than previously estimated.
US stocks rose and yields on US government debt moved up, while the dollar continued a rally that has been in place for weeks. The employment gains last month were broad-based.
Notably, part of the decline in the unemployment rate was because workers left the labour force. The share of the population with jobs or hunting for one fell to 62.7 per cent, its lowest level since 1978. That rate has declined in recent years as more workers have retired and as people have given up job hunts due to a weak economy.
Still, a measure of unemployment that partially takes into account worker discouragement fell to 11.8 per cent, its lowest level since October 2008. In a sign the economy’s expansion is moderating from the second quarter’s torrid pace, a separate report showed growth in the US services sector eased in September.

Yahoo plans to invest part of Alibaba proceeds in SnapchatPrint
Reuters | Bangalore | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:26 am
Yahoo Inc plans to invest a part of the proceeds from the Alibaba Group Holding Ltd stake sale in mobile app Snapchat, which lets users send messages that disappear after a few seconds, the Wall Street Journal said.
Yahoo and Snapchat held talks that are expected to lead to an investment in the mobile-messaging startup’s next funding round, the Journal said, citing three people familiar with the matter.
The round values Snapchat at about $10 billion and it was not clear how much Yahoo plans to invest in the hugely popular application, the Journal said.
Yahoo and Snapchat were not immediately available for comments. Institutional Venture Partners and DST Global, two previous Snapchat investors, are also planning to invest in the company, the paper reported, citing two people familiar with the matter.

Centre rolls out plan for higher ranking on ease of doing businessPrint
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: October 6, 2014 12:59 am
The Centre is set to roll out a two-pronged strategy to cut the bureaucratic red-tape that business have to face in India.
The first is getting states to commit to simplifying and rationalising the regulatory environment at their end, for which chief secretaries are being summoned to New Delhi for one-to-one deliberations.
The second step is giving specific instructions to the different arms of the Central government to cut inter-departmental wrangling on clearances.
This, accompanied by the benchmarking of six “best practices” granting clearances to industry that are being currently followed in states such as Maharashtra, Gujarat, Karnataka, Rajasthan and Punjab, would form the core of the Centre’s strategy to enable India to leapfrog its current rankings on the World Bank’s ‘Ease of Doing Business’ index.
As a step in this direction, the chief secretaries of Delhi and Maharashtra are learnt to have already concluded their meeting with Union commerce ministry officials here over the last few weeks, where the singular agenda was on how to simplify and rationalise the regulatory environment.
Since much of the interface that investors have is primarily with state government departments, states have been asked to take up at least five measures on priority — all returns to be filed on-line through a unified form, a check-list of required compliances to be placed on ministry or department’s web portal, all registers required to be maintained by the business to be replaced with a single electronic register, no inspection to be undertaken without the approval right from the top, and for all non-risk, non-hazardous businesses, the introduction of a system of self-certification.
At the Central level, different wings of the government, including the labour ministry, home ministry and the defence ministry, have been issued customised guidelines.
For instance, the issue of delays in the time taken in registration of establishments with the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) and Employees’ State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) has been taken up with the labour ministry and as a result, both processes are being automated through on-line registration and ESIC registration number are to be provided on a real-time basis.
As part of the guidelines issued to streamline the processing of applications for grant of extension of validity of industrial license, the home ministry has been given a maximum of 12 weeks for grant of security clearance on industrial licence applications.
In addition, proposals for foreign investment clearance to the Foreign Investment Promotion Board would, in due course, be accepted in the digital form and the practice of submission of hard-copies is expected to be done away with.
“The information on the automation of the online registration on the labour ministry front has already been shared with a World Bank study group,” an official involved in the exercise said.
In addition, the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) has developed a checklist with specific time-lines for processing all applications filed by foreign investors.
The DIPP is already implementing the ‘eBiz’ project that is expected to provide a single platform to avail business and investment related services through a single composite form.

M&M arm to acquire 51% stake in Peugeot MotocyclesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
M&M arm to acquire 51% stake in Peugeot Motocycles
R Yegya Narayanan
Pawan Goenka, Executive Director, Mahindra & Mahindra (file photo)
Coimbatore, Oct 7:  
Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd's subsidiary has made a "binding offer" to acquire majority stake in Peugeot Motocycles of France for an undisclosed sum.
In a communication to the stock exchanges, M&M said that its unlisted subsidiary Mahindra Two Wheelers Ltd (MTWL) has made a binding offer to acquire a 51 per cent stake in Peugeot Motocycles which is part of the euro 54 billion PSA Group of France.
M&M said PMTC is a key player in urban mobility in Europe for 116 years and the oldest motorized two-wheeler manufacturer in the world.
The deal between MTWL and PSA is subject to Works Council consultation as part of the employee dialogue process and anti-trust law. It would involve pumping in Euro 15 million into PMTC to finance projects that were implemented through the strategic partnership and additional sale of shares by PSA allowing MTWL to acquire 51 per cent shareholding in PMTC, M&M said.
PTI reports: Commenting on the development, M&M Executive Director Pawan Goenka said: “The coming together of Mahindra and Peugeot is a win—win for the two—wheeler businesses of both companies. Mahindra would offer access to the Indian market, mass market product technology and competence in marketing while Peugeot brings premium range, a strong European footprint, and a globally recognised brand.”
This partnership would enable both MTWL and PMTC to speed up their international expansion by driving synergies and leveraging respective strengths of both parties, he added.
Over the past few years, Mahindra has strengthened its position in the two-wheeler segment globally. Mahindra Racing competes at the highest level of global motorcycle racing in the Moto3 category of MotoGP, while Mahindra GenZe recently revealed its electric two—wheelers in the US market that offer sustainable urban transport solutions to a new generation of US consumers.
The company had recently launched Gusto scooter. MTWL also has sales and distribution operations in Latin America, Africa and South Asia. It has assembly operations in many of these markets.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

Pension fund slashes Pimco investmentOctober 7, 2014 11:59 pm
Pension fund slashes Pimco investment
By Stephen Foley and Mamta Badkar
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/803a88ba-4e73-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IBM plans artificial intelligence pushIBM plans artificial intelligence push
By Richard Waters in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/656e9f30-4e6e-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola fears hit UK travel stocksEbola fears hit UK travel stocks
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a973acc-4e3d-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon s Luxembourg Tax Deals Targeted by European Union WatchdogKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Brussels: Amazon's tax arrangements with Luxembourg are being investigated by EU regulators, as the online retailer becomes the latest global company to be accused of striking tax-minimising deals with member states that may break bloc rules.
Corporate tax avoidance has come under the spotlight on both sides of the Atlantic in recent years, as perfectly legal deals with authorities help companies save millions of dollars but which critics say is a form of subsidy at ordinary taxpayers' expense.
The European Commission is examining whether Luxembourg broke EU state aid rules by agreeing a deal which allows Amazon to operate almost tax free in Europe.
Amazon is structured so that all online sales in Europe are technically between customers and a Luxembourg company. Despite racking up almost 14 billion euros of sales each year, Amazon's main European subsidiary, Amazon EU Sarl, reports almost no profit.
That is at least partly because it pays hefty fees to its immediate parent Amazon Europe Holding Technologies SCS (AEHT), a tax exempt partnership, in return for using Amazon intellectual property.
The commission said it was investigating a 2003 deal between Amazon and Luxembourg that underpins this arrangement. It said the agreement could give Amazon an economic advantage over other companies without such rulings.
The US company denied receiving preferential treatment.
"Amazon has received no special tax treatment from Luxembourg, we are subject to the same tax laws as other companies operating here," it said in a statement.
Luxembourg's finance ministry said there was no wrongdoing.
"Luxembourg is confident that the allegations of state aid in this case are unsubstantiated and that the Commission investigation will conclude that no special tax treatment or advantage has been awarded to Amazon," it said in a statement.
US battle
Amazon is already locked in a court battle with the US Internal Revenue Service over the arrangement by which the Luxembourg partnership came to enjoy the rights to sell on Amazon's intellectual property outside the United States.
In court filings, Amazon has denied undercharging AEHT for these rights.
Companies found guilty of breaching EU rules on state aid could be forced to repay what Brussels determines to have been the amount of support given.
Amazon joins fellow US company Apple in the Commission's sights after the watchdog accused Ireland of swerving international tax rules in its tax arrangements with the iPhone maker.
The commission is also investigating similar deals between coffee chain Starbucks Corp and the Netherlands and Luxembourg tax rulings received by a subsidiary of Italian carmaker Fiat.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Cognizant Acquires Digital Marketing Firm CadientYou are here: Home Corporates
Cognizant Acquires Digital Marketing Firm Cadient
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 07, 2014 21:29 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New York: Nasdaq-listed IT company Cognizant has acquired digital marketing company Cadient Group, which serves a broad spectrum of life sciences companies, for an estimated $30 million.
"In an increasingly competitive industry with many digitally active stakeholders, the acquisition of Cadient Group will complement Cognizant's digital and interactive solutions capability," Cognizant vice president and global markets leader of Life Sciences Practice Shankar Narayanan said in a statement.
Cadient clients are spread across pharmaceutical, biotechnology, consumer health and medical device industries.
Cognizant has large presence in India. Its Healthcare and Life Sciences Practice group will manage the acquired company.
When contacted about the size of the deal, a Cognizant spokesperson said, "Cadient's revenue is around $20 million and we paid approximately 1.5 times of the revenue."
Cognizant serves 28 of the top 30 global pharmaceutical companies, 16 of the top 20 health plans in the US, four of the top five pharmacy benefit management companies in the US, nine of the top 10 biotech companies, and 12 of the top 15 medical device companies.
The company's has reported $8.843 billion full year revenue for 2013. Annual revenue of its Healthcare and Life Sciences Practice group is about $2.5 billion.
Congnizant see this acquisition will further strengthens and expands its digital marketing capabilities. The terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
Pennsylvania-based Cadient Group has more than a decade of experience in providing digital strategy, marketing, and technology and analytics solutions to industry leaders and emerging companies in the life sciences industry.
As part of this acquisition, more than 100 digital specialists-with expertise across brand strategy and planning, content development, user-centered design, multi-channel analytics, and digital, social and mobile marketing-will join Cognizant.
This acquisition also brings to Cognizant digital assets and intellectual property of Cadient.
"Becoming a part of Cognizant uniquely positions us to deliver integrated solutions to life sciences marketing and sales teams around the world," Cadient Group president and CEO Stephen Wray said.
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 21:00 (IST)

ONGC Videsh still in race for Irans gas fieldHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
ONGC Videsh still in race for Iran’s gas field
Richa Mishra/Debabrata Das
The Hindu Narendra K Verma
In talks with Tehran for a new contract
New Delhi, October 7:  
ONGC Videsh Ltd (OVL), the overseas arm of State-run Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, has said interests in Iran’s discovered Farsi offshore block, now named Binaloud, are still alive.
Stating that OVL has not heard anything from the West Asian nation that suggests that India is out of race as far as the discovery in the block is concerned, Narendra K Verma, Managing Director and CEO of OVL, said: “We have been interacting with Iranian authorities… negotiations are not yet concluded.”
Reports suggested that to put pressure on India to invest in the gas field, Iran has put the Farzad-B gas field on a list of fields it plans to auction.
The reason cited is delay on part of India in its development.
The discovery was made by OVL and its Indian partners in 2008.
OVL is keen to develop the Farzad-B gas find, which is estimated to hold in-place reserves of up to 21.68 trillion cubic feet (Tcf), of which 12.8 Tcf of gas and 212 million barrels of condensate may be recoverable.
Production sharing contract
Both India and Iran have been working on the contract.
India had started exploration work as a service contractor, but now it prefers a production sharing contract before going for development.
As a service contractor, the company does not have claim on the discovery, while, if it enters into a production sharing contract, it acquires equity in the block and has share on the find.
The previous Government in Iran had agreed on a production sharing contract, but the new Government had fresh ideas.
OVL is now in discussions with the new elected Government that is working on a model contract or any other mechanism for all fields, including Farzad-B.
OVL’s Verma, however, said: “We are watching the international scenario keenly and will take a decision accordingly.”
In August-September 2010, Indian firms had submitted a revised master development plan for producing 60 per cent of the 21.68 Tcf in-place gas reserves, but had not signed the contract because of western sanctions.
In 2012, Iran had issued a one-month ultimatum to the Indian consortium over the development of a gas field.
But neither Iran has cancelled the allocation, nor India has moved any commitment.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

Nokia to suspend Chennai unit operations from Nov; decision to impact 800 employeesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Valeant looks to sweeten Allergan bidValeant and Pershing look to sweeten Allergan bid by $4.5bn
By Stephen Foley and David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a18e58a-4e87-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Flipkart accepts shoddy performance  apologises for glitchesOct 08, 2014 at 10:22am IST
Flipkart accepts shoddy performance, apologises for glitches
48
1
New Delhi: A day after its mega sales scheme, Indian e-commerce giant Flipkart today accepted its below expectation performance with an apology and promised to come better prepared next time.
"While we stand humbled by the sheer faith that such a large number of customers have shown in us, we are unhappy that we were unable to live up to the expectations of millions more who wanted to buy from us yesterday. And this is not acceptable to us," Flipkart founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal said in a joint e-mail to customers.
The e-commerce firm said 1.5 million people shopped at its portal on October 6 to take benefit of the one-day sale scheme. The company claimed it sold products worth over Rs 600 crore in just 10 hours under the scheme.
Flipkart accepted its below expectation performance with an apology and promised to come better prepared next time.
#flipkart #ecommerce #online shopping
"And though we saw unprecedented interest in our products and traffic like never before, we also realised that we were not adequately prepared for the sheer scale of the event. We didn't source enough products and deals in advance to cater to your requirements," the founders said.
They added that the load on server led to intermittent outages that impacted shopping experience on the website.
Flipkart had deployed nearly 5,000 servers and had prepared for 20 times the traffic growth - but the volume of traffic at different times of the day was much higher than this, the mail said.
"We are continuing to significantly scale up all our back end systems so that we do a much, much better job next time," the e-mail said.
Customers have complained about getting products at different prices than it was displayed. Flipkart apologised to the price change complaints and the pricing of several products got changed to their non-discounted rates for a few hours.
"We realise that this breaks the trust our customers have put in us. We are truly sorry for this and will ensure that this never happens again," the e-mail said.
Flipkart's founders said that many of the products went out of stock within seconds the sale started.
"We had ensured availability, anywhere from hundreds to a few lakh units for various products, but it was nowhere near the actual demand. We promise to plan much better for future promotions and ensure that we minimise the out-of-stock issues," the e-mail said.
The Bansals said they are working to ensure availability of additional units for the products that went out of stock and promised to do "level best to ensure that we minimise any cancellations".
"Everything that we have achieved at Flipkart is purely on the basis of our customer's trust and faith...We failed to live up to this promise yesterday and would like to apologise once again to every single customer for our failure," the founders said.
9

Tamil Nadu: CISF personnel shoots three colleagues dead26
0
Kalpakkam: In a tragic incident, a personnel of the Central Industrial Security Force fired indiscriminately at five of his colleagues at Tamil Nadu's Kalpakkam on Tuesday morning.
While three of them succumbed to their injuries, the two others are undergoing treatment.
Head Constable Vijay Prathap Singh allegedly opened fire from a 9mm carbine, killing Assistant Sub-Inspector Ganesan and head constables Subburaj and Mohansingh at the CISF barracks in Kalpakkam township, about 10 km away from the nuclear complex, according to police and plant officials.
#cisf #tamil nadu #kalpakkam #shooting
"Three CISF personnel have been killed. The incident happened around 5.30 AM. We are enquiring into how the incident happened," C Vijaya Kumar, Kancheepuram Superintendent of Police, told PTI.
Assistant Sub-Inspector Prathap Singh and head constable Govardhan Singh sustained major injuries and are being being treated at a hospital, police said.
Vijay Prathap Singh has been arrested and is being questioned, police said.
Asked whether operations at the nuclear complex was affected due to the incident, Madras Atomic Power Station Director T J Koteeswaran told PTI, "The incident happened some 10 km away in the township and so operations were not affected. I am awaiting more information on the incident."
(With inputs from PTI)

Maharashtra polls: Narayan Rane s son is Congress candidate from Kankavli20
0
Kankavli: Congress candidate from Kankavli constituency Nitesh Rane said that he has earned his candidature for the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly elections through his work and not because he is son of former Chief
Minister Narayan Rane.
The 32-year-old leader said that he has worked for the the people and hence earned the ticket. "I could have contested from Kankavli in 2009 (assembly polls) but I needed more time and worked through my organisation 'Swabhiman' for creating jobs for youth. My father gave ticket to Ravindra Phatak (in 2009)," he said.
The 32-year-old leader said that he has worked for the the people and hence earned the ticket.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #congress #narayan rane #nitesh rane
Nitesh said he is a primary member of the Congress. He said that candidate's connect with voters is very important and that is what he was trying to do. It is a wrong perception that Narayan Rane was depending more on his sons as his aides have deserted him, he said.
"Ravindra Phatak was given ticket in 2009 from Kankavli while Rajan Teli was made MLA. They were given their dues. However, to cover up their own insecurities, my father's aides created tensions between my family and local leaders.
"It is because of my father that Deepak Kesarkar became Sawantwadi Municipal Council President. It is good that all the former aides have either joined Sena or BJP," he said.
He said the Kankavli assembly segment comprises Kankavli Deogad and Vaiabhavwadi talukas and he has prepared a vision document for all three areas to upgrade infrastructure, electricity, water, education facilities and employment generation.
Nitesh said he is confident that the youth which had gone to the Sena and BJP in the Lok Sabha polls will support him.
1

Pakistan fires at Indian posts yet again  2 dead  6 injured in fresh shelling along the border in J&KCeasefire violation: India gives free hand to security forces to deal with Pak firing, say sources
Oct 08, 2014 at  12:11pm IST
Pakistan fires at Indian posts yet again, 2 dead, 6 injured in fresh shelling along the border in J&K
45
0
Jammu: Two people have lost their lives in fresh firing that took place in Samba along the International Border on Wednesday, taking the death toll in ceasefire violations up to seven. Six others including a Border Security Force personnel have also been injured in the firing.
"We have been retaliating very strongly. People have been adviced to remain inside their houses," DG BSF DK Pathak said.
The casualties come even as Minister of State in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's office Jitendra Singh visited the firing zone.
#pakistan #loc #line of control #international border
The International Border with Pakistan is tense as firing continued in 7 sectors of Jammu and Kashmir - Hira nagar, Sambha, Arnia, RS Pura, Kanachak, Pargwal and Ramgarh. As many as 50 Border Security Force (BSF) posts were targetted in the shelling that continued till 9 am on Wednesday morning.
In view of the ceasefire violations, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley held a meeting with the chiefs of the Indian Army, Navy and the Air Force on Tuesday. Toughening its stand on the border situation, India has put on hold the flag meeting with the Pakistan Army, and has decided to wait for Islamabad to make the first move.
India has maintained that it will give a fitting reply if Pakistan didn't stop the firing. "We want to secure our borders. Pakistan had started action on the border. We have told Pakistan to stop ceasefire violation or else India will give a fitting reply. Pakistan should understand this," Home Minister Rajnath Singh said.
21

PM Modi should focus on Pakistan not Maharashtra: Shiv Sena32
0
Mumbai: Shiv Sena on Wednesday once again attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi. In its Wednesday's edition of 'Saamna', Sena criticised Modi over the issue of ceasefire violations by Pakistan, saying he should focus on stopping the "atrocities" by the neighbouring country and not Maharashtra politics.
Claiming that Pakistan has been emboldened by government's failure to take "firm" steps against the cross-border firing and shelling, the BJP's erstwhile ally took a pot-shot at Modi saying one does not need a 56-inch chest to protect the interests of the nation but a strong will power.
Keeping Modi busy in election rallies across the state while he is most needed at the Centre is like undermining the national security of India, the Shiv Sena said in its editorial mouthpiece 'Saamna'.
Claiming that Pakistan has been emboldened by government's failure to take "firm" steps against the firing, Sena said one does not need a 56-inch chest to protect the nation's interests but a strong will power.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #narendra modi #pakistan
Referring to Modi's extensive campaigning for the BJP in Maharashtra ahead of state assembly polls, the Sena said, "We can talk about the politics of Maharashtra later as well Modi ji, but for now it is most important that we do not bear the atrocities committed by our neighbour."
"Do you need a 56-inch chest to protect the interests of the nation and to teach Pakistan a lesson for their misdeeds? All you need is a strong will power to give it back to them in the same measure," it said.
"Pakistan is daring to continuously fire on the Indian side because there are no firm steps taken by the Indian government," Sena said. It added that that it is pity that Indian villagers across the bordering areas have to take shelter in safer places to protect themselves from the onslaught of the Pakistani Rangers.
"It is not only our people whose life is threatened by the Pakistanis, even their homes are being destroyed by the Pakistani onslaught. Houses as far as four kilometres away from the border have been badly affected by the continuous firing. Our citizens are now running away from their homes to escape death that may catch up with them in the darkness of the night. It's a pity they have to leave their homes this way," the Sena morninger said.
So far seven persons have been killed and nearly 70 injured in the ceasefire violations by Pakistan since October 1 with over 16,000 people migrating to safer areas.
(With inputs from PTI)

DMK slams AIADMK govt over law and order situation in TNDMK slams AIADMK govt over law and order situation in TN
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Oct 8:  
DMK today slammed the AIADMK government for its alleged failure to check the “deteriorating” law and order situation in the aftermath of jailing of former chief minister Jayalalithaa in a graft case.
The DMK District Secretaries meeting, chaired by party patriarch M Karunanidhi, deliberated on the prevailing law and order situation and urged the Centre “to take steps to put an end to atrocities committed against people”.
The meeting passed resolutions resolving to hold democratic and peaceful demonstrations to highlight hardship caused to people due to protests by ruling AIADMK activists.
Karunanidhi had yesterday said that the onus of maintaining law and order wrested with the government, as parts of the state witnessed sporadic protests after the Karnataka High Court rejected the bail plea of Jayalalithaa who has been sentenced to four-year jail term in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case by a trial court.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Sensex down 66 points; heavy selling in IT countersSensex ends down 25 points in choppy trade; Infosys plunges 4.7%
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Markets extend losses; Nifty nears 7 830Markets extend losses; Nifty nears 7,830
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 12:10 PM IST
Markets extended losses in noon trades as gains in select index heavyweights failed to offset losses in IT and pharma shares.
At 12:10PM, the 30-share Sensex was down 80 points at 26,192 and the 50-share Nifty was down 21 points at 7,832.
Infosys, TCS and Wipro were down 2.5-3.9% each contributing the most to the Sensex losses.
In the pharma pack, Cipla, Sun Pharma and Dr Reddy's Labs were down 2.5-3.2% each.
__________________________________
(Updated at 11:35AM)
Benchmark shares indices continued to trade flat in late morning trades as gains in index heavyweights helped offset losses in defensive pharma and technology shares.
At 11:35AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 29 points at 26,301 and the 50-share Nifty was up 11 points at 7,863.
The Indian rupee is trading lower against the US dollar at Rs 61.48 compared to the previous close of Rs 61.43. Weakness in domestic stocks are offset by the encouraging growth forecast for India from the International Monetary Fund.
Indian economy is likely to grow by 6.4% in 2015-16 compared with 5.6% in 2014-15, the World Bank said in its bi-annual South Asia Economic Focus report.
Over the next year or so economic growth should be supported by the recovering US economy that would provide a market for Indian merchandise and service exports, the report said.
Asian markets continued to trade weak amid growth concerns in China, the world's second largest economy. Shares in Japan witnessed a sell-off dropping to a five-week amid global growth concerns while the appreciating yen also dampened sentiment for exporters' stocks. The benchmark Nikkei was down 1%, Hang Seng slipped 0.8% and Straits Times dropped 0.4%^. However, China's Shanghai Composite was up 0.5%.
BSE IT and Healthcare were the top sectoral losers down 1.7-2.2% each. Capital Goods index was up 1.9% followed Oil and Gas, Bankex, Auto and FMCG among others.
IT major Infosys was down nearly 3% on reports that Citi downgraded the stock to 'neutral' from 'buy' earlier ahead of its second quarter earnings due on Friday. The note says that shares are trading around 17x 1-year forward earnings adding that "positives are adequately discounted". Among other shares, TCS and Wipro were down 1.8-2.5% each. Tech Mahindra was down over 4% after it downgraded it to 'sell' from 'neutral'.
Pharma shares also witnessed profit taking at higher levels. Sun Pharma, Cipla and Dr Reddy's Labs were down over 2.5% each.
Among the index heavyweights, ITC was up 0.9% while Reliance Industries gained nearly 1% and ONGC was up 1.4%.
Banks which are a proxy to the economy gained on the back of encouraging growth forecast for India by the World Bank. ICICI Bank, SBI, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank were up 0.4-1.4% each.
Capital goods shares were among the top gainers with L&T up over 2% after after the company said its wholly-owned subsidiary L&T Technology Services received approval from the Competition Commission of India to acquire the engineering business of US-based Dell Product and Process Innovation Services. BHEL rebounded after its recent correction and was up nearly 3%.
Among other shares, KEC International was up over 2% after the company announced that it has secured new orders worth Rs 1,029 crore.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index was up 0.1% and the Small-cap index was up 0.3%.
Market breadth was strong with 1,261 gainers and 1,107 losers on the BSE.

Govt will look into Nokia plant issue: Sith...Government will look into Nokia plant suspension issue, says Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 01.03PM IST
("We will certainly see how…)
NEW DELHI: With global giant Nokia announcing suspension of its Chennai mobile plant operations, the Centre today said it will look into the issue and make efforts to ensure that such incidents do not occur again.
"We will certainly see how best (such) matter don't occur again and we will encourage 'Make In India' campaign," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said here.
Sitharaman, who is also Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, was responding to queries on Nokia announcing suspension of its plant and whether it will affect the government's recently launched 'Make In India' campaign.
"This is an issue specifically related to a particular company and there is an issue on that. We are seized of the matter. We will look at it," she said.
On Tuesday, telecom firm Nokia Corp announced suspension of operations at its Chennai mobile handset plant from November 1 after Microsoft terminated an agreement to buy mobiles from the unit.
The company had said that the asset freeze imposed by the tax department prevents Nokia from exploring potential opportunities for the transfer of the factory to a successor to support the long term viability of the established, fully functional electronics manufacturing ecosystem.
The Finnish firm was forced to keep the factory out of a USD 7.5 billion deal for sale of its handset business to Microsoft Corp, due to tax dispute with Indian authorities.
Tax authorities allege that Nokia avoided paying taxes by wrongfully claiming an exemption on software exports. Nokia has challenged the claims of tax department in courts.
Nokia started manufacturing at Chennai plant in January 2006 and exported products to overseas markets, including the Middle East and Africa, Asia, Australia and New Zealand.
According to Nokia India Employees Union, there are about 900 employees still working at the factory. Following the Nokia-Microsoft deal, the voluntary retirement scheme was offered for employees and 5,700 of them opted for it, from the total of 6,600.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Managing credit report in event of death of ...Managing your credit report in the event of death of a loved one
Chandralekha Mukerji, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 12.49PM IST
Tags:
CIBIL
(A guarantor or co-applicant…)
You must be wondering how the credit history of a family member or friend can affect your or anyone's credit score post his demise. Well, it won't if the person was a sole borrower. However, if someone in the family was a co-applicant or a guarantor, which is quite common, the obligation to repay the credit falls on him and thus affecting the score. Such a situation has to be handled carefully to ensure it doesn't leave a life-long blotch in the credit history.
Getting your name off the defaulters list
A guarantor or co-applicant is legally responsible towards the timely repayment of the loan in case of untimely demise of the principal borrower. It is important to understand that by agreeing to be a guarantor on the loan, you are also.
Each bank will have their own policies to deal with the situation of the death of the primary borrower. "Only the lender has the right to relieve you of such a commitment and they are likely to do so when convinced of the repayment of the underlying loan even without such a guarantor," says Mohan Jayaraman, MD, Experian Credit Information Company of India and Country Manager, Experian India.
Even after the outstanding loan is settled, get a copy of your credit report and ensure your name is clear. This is because there are chances that a wrong an entry is still negatively affecting your score. The information on the loan that has been guaranteed appears in the 'accounts' section on the guarantor's report. If the ownership status of this loan account will be reflected as 'guarantor', contact the bank immediately and update them about the discrepancy.
"Although, every credit bureau has a dispute resolution arrangement that can be followed in cases of incorrect entries, any change to credit report can be done only post feedback and concurrence from the bank," says Jayaraman. For instance, CIBIL has an online dispute resolution mechanism for resolving the discrepancies raised by the consumer. "On accessing your CIBIL report if you find any un-updated or incorrect information, you may raise a 'dispute request'. CIBIL will analyze and forward your request to the respective credit institution. If the credit institution confirms that there is an error and provides CIBIL with corrected data, the data gets rectified. A dispute resolution takes approximately 30 days to resolve, subject to the time taken by the Credit Institution to respond," says Harshala Chandorkar, Senior VP- Consumer Services, CIBIL.
Since the bureau is just a facilitator and cannot make changes to any information on its own, unless confirmed by the relevant credit institution, it is not a bad idea to contact the lender directly with supporting documents. This can in fact speed up the process. Once the bank agrees to relieve you of this responsibility, inform all the four credit bureaus. The bureaus then discuss this rectification request with the relevant bank. Else, you can also wait for the bank to incorporate the modifications in their monthly submissions to the bureaus post which the credit report may get altered.
  What's more? An identity theft...
Then there is a perpetual threat of identity theft. "Identity fraudsters sometimes impersonate deceased people, using their personal information from death notices and other sources to exploit delays between death and the closure of person's accounts," says Jayaraman of Experian India.
The individual who has stolen your identity will in all probability not pay back the misappropriated funds. Hence, the lender will update your credit report to as a defaulter. Unfortunately, in the event that your identity is stolen, you will be unaware that this has occurred. "Most only discover this when they request a report update or when they apply for a loan and the application gets rejected," says Chandorkar of CIBIL.
Preventive steps: So, you should always ask for a consolidation report to monitor any irregularity. Family members should immediately report about any loan application enquiries or credit card requests made recently against the deceased name. Even if you are unsure, there is no harm in double checking.
Another basic step to prevent an identity theft is to keep the banker, insurer, stock broker and credit card company about the death of the family member. "Do not forget to update the major registries such as PAN registry, UIDAI, etc. Also ensure that you do not include too much identity-specific information in the obituary. The fraudsters may misuse this information--set up new accounts, etc., that might hamper your financial life," says Jayaraman.
Corrective measures: In case such a theft happens and your finances get affected, remember that this isn't just a cyber but a financial crime as well. "You will have to inform the relevant law enforcing authorities like police, government departments etc. Inform the associated financial institutions of this situation with all the facts and supporting documentation and seek grievance," adds Jayaraman.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Burdwan blast: 2 more houses used by suspect...You are here: Home > Collections
Two more houses used by blast suspect found in Burdwan
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 12.45PM IST
Tags:
Burdwan blast
(The investigators suspect…)
BURDWAN: Two more houses used by the Burdwan blast suspect have been found at a walking distance from the Khagragarh house where the October 2 explosion took place.
Superintendent of Police S M H Mirza said the two houses at Baburbagh and Badshahi Road respectively were traced last night on the basis of mobile tower location.
The investigators suspect that Kauser, whom the CID is looking for in connection with the Burdwan blast in which two suspected militants were killed and another person was injured, had resided in one of the houses.
Both the houses are at a stone's throw from the Khagragarh residence.
When the investigators reached the houses, they found the doors locked from the outside although lights and fans were on giving the impression that the occupants had left in a hurry, the SP said.
The CID had released Kauser's sketch on October 5 and sent it to all the police stations of Burdwan and nearby districts and railway stations to nab him.
Kausar is suspected to be a regular at the house in Khagragarh where the blast took place.
The investigators are trying to find where the explosives recovered from the Khagragarh house were supposed to be sent.
Four persons, including two women, have been arrested in connection with the blast.
Sheikh Hakim alias Hasan Saheb from Lalgola in Murshidabad district, who was injured in the blast, was arrested yesterday.
Hafez Mollah alias Hasan, Rajira Bibi alias Rumi, widow of the suspected terriost Shakil Ahmed who died in the blast and Amina Bibi, Hasan Saheb's wife, were also arrested.
State Director General of Police G J M Rajasekhar Reddy had said yesterday that a detailed report was being sent to the Centre by West Bengal government in connection with the blast.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Spate of Layoffs Cloud PM Modi s  Make in India  PushFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
When Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched his ambitious "Make in India" campaign in September, there were hopes that a large number of jobs would be created over the next few months leading higher income levels and faster domestic growth. Rapid creation of jobs is important to ensure employment for over 10 million Indians, who join the workforce every year.
However, events over the last few days have dampened the sentiments in the jobs market. On Tuesday, Yahoo Inc confirmed that it was downsizing its Bangalore office, which employs roughly 2,000 employees and is Yahoo's largest engineering facility outside California. ( Read the story here )
The same day, global handset maker Nokia said it would suspend production at its troubled Chennai facility from November 1. The Chennai factory, which employed about 6,600 full-time workers in April, has been caught in a tax dispute with the government. ( Read )
Former Infosys chief financial officer and board member TV Mohandas Pai tweeted, "Nokia to Shut Down Chennai Factory From November 1. Where does make in India go? Sad."
Nokia to Shut Down Chennai Factory From November 1 Where does make in India go? Sad http://t.co/VDAMJ93J2T pic.twitter.com/7MYAUoKGkT
-Mohandas Pai (@MDPai05) October 7, 2014
There were other tweets too,
Narendra Modi's "Make in India" campaign off to a rousing start in Madras and Bangalore. pic.twitter.com/qDWuR53CjE
-churumuri (@churumuri) October 8, 2014
On Monday, global tech major Hewlett-Packard decided to eliminate another 5,000 jobs as part of its turnaround plan. HP, which is splitting into two listed companies, had earlier announced a restructuring plan that involved cutting the total employee count by 50,000. ( Read )
It is not known how many Indian employees will be axed as part of HP's global cost-cutting strategy, but shares in Mphasis, an Indian company in which HP has 60 per cent stake have seen a sharp selloff over the last few days.
Mphasis shares closed 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 404.60 today after earlier dropping by over 3 per cent. Over the last one month, Mphasis shares are down 10 per cent as compared to a 1 per cent fall in the IT sub-index on the BSE. ( Read )
According to unconfirmed reports, India's third largest outsourcer Wipro is planning to slim its workflow down by about a third through automation. Angel Broking says Wipro is looking at being around 1 lakh-strong workforce in three years from 1.46 lakh as on FY2014.
The development at Wipro confirms the broad trend across India's over $100 billion IT industry, which is moving towards greater automation and non-linear models (revenue growth delinked from hiring). Hiring in the IT sector is already under pressure because more and more companies are resorting to "just-in-time hiring" because of abundant labour and predictable demand. Wages (at entry level) have not risen for years. ( Read )
These developments have huge ramifications for India's services sector, which employs around 27 per cent of workforce.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Novartis: Three executives to leave after GSK  Lilly dealsNovartis: Three executives to leave after GSK, Lilly deals
Reuters
Tweet
Zurich, Oct 8:  
Swiss drugmaker Novartis AG said three members of its executive committee would leave the company following the completion of transactions with GlaxoSmithKline and Eli Lilly to divest three units.
Novartis agreed on a series of deals worth over $25 billion in April, which include hiving off three smaller units - animal health, over-the-counter drugs and vaccines. It said these divisions lacked the global scale to compete in what it described as a "brutal" new world of healthcare spending.
As part of the overhaul, Novartis is selling its animal health business to Eli Lilly for $5.4 billion and its vaccines excluding flu to GSK for $7.1 billion. It will also form a joint venture with GSK for its OTC unit.
Last week, EU antitrust regulators approved Lilly's purchase of the animal health division.
On Wednesday, Novartis said the head of that unit George Gunn, who will reach retirement age next July, will leave the executive committee once the deal is concluded in the first quarter of next year.
Brian McNamara, who currently heads Novartis' OTC division, will move to GSK and become head of Americas and Europe for the consumer health business on completion of the GSK deal, while Andrin Oswald, division head of Novartis Vaccines, will leave the company.
Novartis expects its transaction with GSK to close in the first half of next year.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Guard yourself against Shell Shock: Net security expertseScan launches online diagnostic tool
Hyderabad, Oct 8:  
Hackers are always at it—inventing new viruses and tricks to gain access to your data. The latest one ‘Shell Shock’ is going to cause immense losses if you are not vigilant enough, warn security experts.
Though experts have not noticed major intrusions in India, they said it is time we take pre-emptive measures to check the attacks.
“As of now we haven’t noticed any attacks on Indian infrastructure, however, we do expect attacks to rise in the next few weeks,” Govind Rammurthy, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of eScan, said in an email response on Wednesday.
"All the Unix-based operating systems such as Linux and Mac OS X are likely to be affected with the Bash Shell Shock vulnerability,” he said.
The anti-virus solutions firm has launched an online tool to identify servers affected by the latest vulnerability.
First identified in September, the bug lets the hacker remotely execute malicious code to break into the computers.
Internet security solutions company Symantec has asked users to adopt sandboxing and process access control as another layer of security.
“The restricted sandbox ensures even trusted programmes perform required functions, thereby blocking any potential harm that an unknown program could cause,” the company said in an advisory on the Shell Shock threat.
It also asked the organisations to implement file and system tamper prevention allowing the system administrator to customise and lock down configurations, settings and files.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Arun Jaitley to remain on Hockey India League advisory boardArun Jaitley to remain on Hockey India League advisory board
PTI
PTI Union Finance and Defence Minister Arun Jaitley
New Delhi, Oct 8:  
Union Finance and Defence Minister, Arun Jaitley, will continue to be on the advisory board of the Hero Hockey India League for the next two editions.
“India’s noted politician and the prominent lawyer joined the Advisory Board in the first edition of the Hero Hockey India League in 2013 and since then, he has been an integral member of the Board and proactively been involved in the development of the League,” HIL said in a statement.
Speaking on his involvement in the Hero HIL, Jaitley said, “It’s great to see Indian Hockey gaining its lost glory and achieving new feats worldwide. When Hockey India launched Hero Hockey India League, we all knew that the young players will benefit the most from the League.
“Now we are all seeing the improvement of players’ skills and in the process Indian Hockey team gaining success both at Senior as well as Junior levels at the various international platforms.
“With all the concerted efforts that we are seeing in hockey over the last couple of years, the progress is now evident after the recent success of the women and men’s hockey teams including the women securing the bronze medal in the 2014 Asian Games and the men team achieving a Silver medal in the 2014 CWG and the Gold medal in the 2014 Asian Games,” he said.
Speaking on the new development, the Hockey India League, Chairman Narinder Batra, said, “It’s very encouraging for HHIL to get support from influential people and sports enthusiasts like Mr Arun Jaitley. In the first two editions, he always made his presence felt by being a part of important decision making meetings and his suggestions have always helped us to make the League stronger.”
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Ashley calls for director cull at RangersMike Ashley calls for removal of Rangers directors
By Alistair Gray
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c63dd6c8-4eb4-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sharad Yadav shares stage with Mulayam Singh  fuels alliance speculationPress Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:59 pm
JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav on Wednesday shared the dais with Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on the inaugural day of SP’s national convention, fuelling speculation about their joining hands.
Sharad Yadav said that he and Mulayam had always been “good friends” and he had come to attend the convention on the SP supremo’s invitation.
“We have been together since early days. The Constitution has been dealt a severe blow in the present conditions. We have to save it,” the JD(U) leader told reporters at the start of the three-day convention.
Though Sharad Yadav refused to comment on a possible alliance with the SP, he had recently made it clear that he would make efforts to “bring together all those who were part of old Janata Parivar to fight the new political challenge”.
JD(U) and its arch rival RJD, both offshoots of Janata Dal Parivar, have already joined hands to form an alliance in Bihar. In Kerala, Socialist Janata (Democratic) Party, headed by former Union Minister M P Veerendra Kumar, too decided to merge with Janata Dal (United) in September.
Also efforts are on to bring on board splinter groups which are politically significant in other states.
The unity drive in the erstwhile Janata Parivar has come after the Narendra Modi juggernaut crushed Janata Dal (United) in Lok Sabha elections in Bihar with BJP-led combine winning 31 of 40 seats in the state.
There are indications of the rise of BJP in Kerala, Assam and West Bengal, the states where the saffron party did not perform well in past.

Im single: Preetika Rao of BeintehaaTelevision actress Preetika Rao is flummoxed by reports suggesting she is in a relationship with the director of her successful serial "Beintehaa". She has clarified that she is single and that she has no time to 'mingle'.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:57 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 1:01 pm
Television actress Preetika Rao is flummoxed by reports suggesting she is in a relationship with the director of her successful serial “Beintehaa”. She has clarified that she is single and that she has no time to ‘mingle’.
“I don’t know where these tall tales come from. There are two directors for ‘Beintehaa’ – Ankur Bhatia and Pushkar Pandit. Both are equally fond of me. If Pushkar calls me Aloo, a pet-name based on my character’s name Aliya, it is out of his fondness for the character I play. Seen in that way, Ankur calls me Mallika-e-Beintehaa,” said Preetika.
She blames a photograph shared on a social networking platform, for the romance rumour.
“I guess this rumour started when Pushkar put a picture of the two of us on Twitter. I was flooded with curious queries about our chemistry. But tell me, does a picture on a social media of two people have to mean a relationship between the two,” asked Preetika.
“The truth is that Pushkar and I are just cordial friends and colleagues. I have no knowledge of or interest in his personal life. Right now I’m totally focused on my career and don’t want to get into any distracting situation,” she added.
Also, she has no time for love. “I’m single. Forget about a relationship, the hours shooting for a television serial leave me with no time to meet friends. Work is my only priority right now.”

Kishore Biyani  vendors accuse Flipkart of undercutting to destroy competitionFuture Group's Kishore Biyani, vendors accuse Flipkart of undercutting to destroy competition
Shambhavi Anand & Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 01.44PM IST
Tags:
Arvind Lifestyle Brands
(Online vendors alleged…)
MUMBAI | NEW DELHI: A day after Flipkart recorded its biggest single-day sale of $100 million, top online retailers came under fire from offline rival Future Group as well as vendors using online marketplaces for selling products at below cost price on the back of foreign funding.
While the country's largest listed retailer Future Group accused online marketplaces such as Flipkart of adopting anti-competitive strategy by selling products below cost price, merchants who sell through these online marketplaces alleged that these sites are causing vendors to bleed by compelling them to sell products at lower than their buying prices.
"How can someone sell products below its manufacturing price? This is legally not allowed in the country. Someone can do such undercutting only to destroy competition. Just because they have foreign funding, they can't kill local trade like that," said Kishore Biyani , founder of Future Group.
He said there will be a movement by brands and retailers that will criticise these online retailers.
Future Group on Tuesday took a potshot at Flipkart's Big Billion Day sale of Monday by releasing an advertisement saying no deal can win the trust of a billion people and one has to earn it. "You can't take the nation for granted even for a day," said the ad, adding that Future Group stocks enough for everyone to buy and gives genuine offers and sales.
Policy to Regulate Pricing
Online vendors alleged that Flipkart and other big e-retailers are enjoying venture capital and FDI funds and are compelling vendors to sell at big discounts. Vendors also have to bear expenses such as delivery, shipment and return, reducing their margins even further.
"Online portals are causing the vendors to bleed by selling products at prices which are lower than the buying prices of the vendor," said Rahul Suri, convenor at the Online Vendors Association of India .
The association plans to create a forum for online vendors and develop a clear online vendor policy to regulate pricing and avoid such price disparity.
Manoj Kumar, who sells electronic goods online, said, "Online stores with their unfair business practices are killing the normal business of a vendor.
A laptop which I buy at Rs 58,000 was being sold on one of these marketplaces at Rs 51,000. There is no way I can match that offer." Vendors said that for the Big Billion Day Sale Flipkart had asked them to give discounts of 50% or more.
Flipkart did not respond to ET's email queries on these allegations as of press time.
Future Group Formula
Flipkart's latest initiative is reminiscent of Big Bazaar , the country's largest supermarket, when it started the concept of huge discounting across product categories around public holidays eight years ago that sometimes led to some of its outlets downing their shutters temporarily as the crowd became uncontrollable.
Currently, Future Group is running a 12-day sale that took off on October 1. "While it's too early to gauge festive demand, early indications in terms of sales has been average and there hasn't been any major impact from online sales," Biyani said.
Won't Match Online Offers
Brick-and-mortar retailers said the online sales are not at the cost of their festival season demand, and most of them have no plans to match the online offers.
"We are currently running a festive period offer, where upon shopping for a minimum value, customers get assured gift vouchers redeemable on their subsequent purchase. We have also tied up with banks to offer additional incentives to card holders," said Kabir Lumba, managing director at Lifestyle International , which expects strong double-digit growth in the festive season.
Nirzar Jain, VP, mall at Oberoi Realty, said most brands will be sold at full price. "While there will be usual offers and deals, the period will be about selling latest merchandise," he said.
J Suresh, MD of Arvind Lifestyle Brands , said, "We don't see any impact in apparel as Diwali generally brings new buyers in the stores which online players aren't targeting so aggressively. Also, we have an advantage of newer collections which isn't discounted even online."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coal India divestment should begin after Di...Coal India
(Govt wants to sell a 10% stake…)
MUMBAI: The government is likely to begin its Rs 43,425-crore divestment programme with the sale of 10 per cent stake in Coal India post-Diwali which may fetch around Rs 23,000-crore to the exchequer.
"Coal India divestment process should begin immediately after Diwali," Financial Markets Joint Secretary Manoj Joshi said on the sidelines of a capital market summit organised by industry body FICCI here today.
However, he quickly added that he is not from the divestment department.
The government plans to sell 10 per cent stake in Coal India Ltd (CIL), the world's largest coal producer. The government at present holds 89.65 per cent stake in CIL.
Shares of Coal India today closed 0.30 per cent higher at Rs 341.35 on the BSE here today. At current market price, 10 per cent stake should fetch around Rs 23,000 crore to the exchequer.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) last month had approved the disinvestment department's proposal to offload 10 per cent stake in CIL through Offer For Sale (OFS) route.
A successful CIL stake sale will help meet more than half of the total disinvestment target. .
A successful divestment process would help the government contain its market borrowing target of Rs 5.97 trillion or maintain fiscal deficit at 4.1 per cent of the GDP.
To meet its fiscal deficit target, the government has identified four major public sector units to be divested, namely Coal India, Steel Authority of India (SAIL) as well as National Hydro Power Corporation (NHPC), which could fetch the exchequer a total of around Rs 46,000 crore, which would include Rs 18,000 crore expected from the divestment of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC).
Buoyed by economic revival and tax collections, the government has likely stuck to its scheduled borrowing programme of Rs 2.3 trillion for the second half of the fiscal, so that it meets the 4.1 per cent fiscal deficit target.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Strike hits private bus services in KozhikodeUpdated: October 8, 2014 13:54 IST
Strike hits private bus services in Kozhikode
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu The deserted Palayam bus stand in Kozhikode on Tuesday
The indefinite strike called by the Bus Operators’ Organisation in protest against the newly enforced traffic reforms at the Arayidathupalam junction began in the city on Tuesday.
As many as 250 buses operating from different parts of the suburbs and Mavoor, Koduvally, Mukkom, Thamarassery, Narukunni and Mavoor stopped services to the city. The traffic department had imposed the new rule from Arayidathupalam to the Palayam bus station from August 25.
The organisation general secretary K. Radhakrishnan said buses took more time to ply the new route, which was causing financial losses for the past one month.
The new route was not beneficial to commuters as passengers from hill regions in the district had to alight at Arayidathupalam and take another bus to reach various destinations in the city.
Buses had to take the deviation from Arayidathupalam and take the route via Puthiyara, Jail Road, Chintavalappu, Pavamani Road and Mananchira. The vehicles had to ply an extra km, he said.
He said that the bus operators had observed a token strike on September 1 seeking restoration of earlier traffic rules.
However, the traffic department had not taken any positive steps in this regard. The bus operators and employees have also planned a march to the District Collectorate on Friday, Mr. Radhakrishnan, said
Meanwhile the Assistant Commissioner of Police (Traffic- South) Abdul Razak told The Hindu that the traffic department had no plans to revert to old rules.
In fact the revised rules had been in force from 2004 before the construction of the E.K. Nayanar Flyover at Arayidathupalam.
“The existing traffic rules solved the congestion at the junction. Even then as a compromise measure we have told the bus operators to take the straight route from Jail Road to Palayam junction. But they are not willing to negotiate. They are aiming for a route direct to the Mofussil bus station. That cannot be allowed,” the Assistant Commissioner said.

Edelweiss Financial Services  Q2 results on October 17  2014Oct 08, 2014, 01.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Edelweiss Financial Services' Q2 results on October 17, 2014
Edelweiss Financial Services Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 17, 2014, inter alia, to consider the unaudited financial results of the Company for the Second quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Edelweiss Financial Services' Q2 results on October 17, 2014
Edelweiss Financial Services Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 17, 2014, inter alia, to consider the unaudited financial results of the Company for the Second quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Post your opinion here
 
Edelweiss Financial Services Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 17, 2014, inter alia, to consider the unaudited financial results of the Company for the Second quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).Source : BSE

Sintex Industries  Q2 results on October 13  2014Oct 08, 2014, 01.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sintex Industries' Q2 results on October 13, 2014
Sintex Industries Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 13, 2014, for considering the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter / half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sintex Industries' Q2 results on October 13, 2014
Sintex Industries Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 13, 2014, for considering the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter / half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Post your opinion here
 
Sintex Industries Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 13, 2014, for considering the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter / half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).Source : BSE

Many complaints on Flipkart discount sale:NirmalaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India VIX decrease in noon tradeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Markets trading weak; Infosys  Wipro top losersHi Guest
Markets end flat; Infosys slumps 5% on downgrade
Benchmark shares indices ended lower, amid choppy trades, for the third straight session with IT shares declining the most led by Infosys amid reports of downgrade by global financial services major Citigroup. The 30-share Sensex ended down 25 points at 26,247 and the 50-share Nifty closed 10 points lower at 7,843. The Indian rupee was trading tad higher against the US dollar at Rs 61.38 compared to the previous close of Rs 61.43. Indian economy is likely to grow by 6.4% in 2015-16 compared ...

Maxwell to focus on garment biz  liquidate non-core unitsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Govt looking into Flipkart s biggest online sales issue: Nirmala SitharamanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Revenue growth to decelerate in Q2FY15: CRISILThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

View: Pak army determined to check how PM Modi is different from his predecessorsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare appoints Zubair AhmedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Coal India divestment should begin after Diwali in Oct - FinMin officialThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Short IRB Infrastructure Developers: Ashish ChaturmohtaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Short IRB Infrastructure Developers: Ashish Chaturmohta
Ashish Chaturmohta of Fortune Equity Broker is of the view that one can short IRB Infrastructure Developers.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Ashish Chaturmohta of Fortune Equity Broker told CNBC-TV18, " IRB Infrastructure Developers has formed a major triple-top formation at Rs 235-240 kind of levels and today has broken a crucial support zone of Rs 225 levels. It has a potential to move towards Rs 200-198 kind of levels."
"On the upside Rs 227-228 this should act as a very stiff resistance zone, so keeping that as a stoploss one can initiate a short position in IRB Infra," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Go long in ONGC  says Ashish ChaturmohtaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Go long in ONGC, says Ashish Chaturmohta
Ashish Chaturmohta of Fortune Equity Broker recommends going long in ONGC as the stock may test Rs 425-430.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Ashish Chaturmohta of Fortune Equity Broker told CNBC-TV18, " Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited (ONGC) has formed a good base around Rs 395-405 levels and this has given a breakout above Rs 405 levels. So lot of short covering is going to be seen in the stock. In the next couple of trading sessions, we expect it to target somewhere around Rs 425-430 levels. Whereas on the downside Rs 398-397 should act as a very strong support zone. So one can initiate a long position keeping a stoploss below Rs 398 levels."
At 13:31 hrs Oil and Natural Gas Corporation was quoting at Rs 405.70, up Rs 8.60, or 2.17 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 406.90 and an intraday low of Rs 397.
RELATED NEWS

Go long on NTPC: Ashish ChaturmohtaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Go long on NTPC: Ashish Chaturmohta
Ashish Chaturmohta of Fortune Equity Broker is of the view that one can go long in NTPC as the stock can test Rs 150-155.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Ashish Chaturmohta of Fortune Equity Broker told CNBC-TV18, " NTPC has formed a very good base around Rs 138-142 odd level. Today we have seen a good open interest build up on the long side. So NTPC is one counter which can go to Rs 150-155 kind of levels. Whereas on downside Rs 138 should be a very strong support zone. So one can initiate a long position."
At 13:40 hrs NTPC was quoting at Rs 143.25, up Rs 2.65, or 1.88 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 143.40 and an intraday low of Rs 141.25.
RELATED NEWS

Any reason for selling aurobindo u know kesar going to take big...Platinum Member
966 Followers
no cash bro..even I wanna be a part of gruh n canfin..canfin can easily cross 600..cash nai hai boss..invested in 25 companies..n not finding anything to sell..shud sell laopala as I find it overvalued. .bt ma heart says no..as I bought la opala at 240 before split..n nw itz at 340 after split to 2rs face value..donno wat to sell..kitex is d one..if results are bad fo kitex, ill buy canfin with that money..:)
3.10 PM Oct 8th

I think fed minutes out tomorrow. dow can recover all the losses and ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Tcs stuck due to downgrades of tech mahindra and infosys. may recover ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

All fine nidrockz brother.... stay in touchGold Member
49 Followers
Actually I added Mold-tek Pakaging as a medium term bet so not have good quantity so i want to add more or add a new stock.so what to do now i really dont know.
By the way today u have holiday?
2.49 PM Oct 7th

Zensar bags deal with UK High Street retailerZensar bags deal from UK High Street retailer
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Oct 8:  
Software services and infrastructure services provider Zensar Technologies has signed a multimillion dollar deal with a UK high street retailer focusing on upmarket retail customers.
Zensar has been managing multiple systems for the company for seven years, and the new engagement involves a managed services portfolio consolidation, it said in a statement.
Nitin Parab, Head of Enterprise Transformation Services, Zensar, said, “This large deal is a shot in the arm in our core businesses and has deepened our engagement with a long term client.”
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Will transform state from  scam Haryana  to  skill Haryana : ModiWill transform state from 'scam Haryana' to 'skill Haryana': Modi
Press Trust of India | Mahendergarh (Haryana) Oct 08, 2014 12:25 PM IST
Promising to transform 'scam Haryana to skill Haryana', Prime Minister Narendra Modi today asked the people of the state to elect a BJP government with clear majority, saying he wants to strengthen the state's ties with Delhi to transform its fortunes.
"I know that you are sad that Haryana is know as a state of scams. There are scams and then scams within scams. Our opponents are all involved in scams. Do you want a scam Haryana? I want to create a skill Haryana. You have to decided if you want a scam Haryana or a skill Haryana," he said addressing a rally here today.
Asking people to elect a BJP government that could lead the state on the path of speedy development, Modi lamented that in the last 25 years Haryana has not developed due to dynastic politics and questioned if the past elections or governments were run democratically.
"If dynastic politics continues, would your fortunes change? If Haryana has to live with dignity, we need it to be freed from dynastic politics. For the last 25 years, four-five families have controlled Haryana and the common man's life has become difficult.
"You have to decide whether you want a Haryana free from corruption. Do you want to see Haryana freed from bahubalis (musclemen) and the corrupt? Then you will have to choose a new path. The only way left now is to elect a BJP government with full majority," Modi said.
Stressing on the importance of Centre-State ties and Team India where the PM stood as a team with CMs, the Prime Minister said till now the Centre and the state stood next to each other but were not close enough and he wanted the two to stand with each other to create a force to reckon with.
"Till now, 1 plus 1 was two as the state stood next to the Centre. I want to change this mathematics so that 1 plus 1 becomes 11. I want to create that strength. This will help India become 11 times powerful and it would not take any time to change the fortunes of the country.

Plans to beef up investments in IndiaSave this video
Copy URL
David Cordani, CEO and President, Cigna Corporation said that the company has invested $25 million in India so far and is looking to beef up investments further. He also said that Cigna could raise stake in TTK JV to 49%.
41

Technical glitches mar Flipkarts  Big Billion DayUpdated: October 6, 2014 20:24 IST
Technical glitches mar Flipkart’s 'Big Billion Day’
Internet Desk
Tweet
It was D-Day for online shoppers on Monday (October 6) as two e-commerce giants in India battled it out with some of the greatest sales of the season. While Flipkart has been building up the momentum for its ‘The Big Billion Day’ sale for over a week, Snapdeal played it up with its ‘Buy one get one free’ offers.
Flipkart had earlier announced discount offers up to 50 per cent on a wide range of products but the overwhelming demand led to the website crashing multiple times during the course of the day. The sudden surge in demand also left many users disappointed as the items went ‘out of stock’ as soon as the deals went live.
Going by the social media rumour mill, Snapdeal provided a much better buying experience.
Kya re Flipkart? Your MacBookAir 13" is Rs.56,490 and Snapdeal has it at Rs.49,999! http://t.co/P627azUmGX vs. http://t.co/lj91iSnqOF
— Karthik Srinivasan (@beastoftraal) October 6, 2014
The best Amazon thing about Flipkart is that before you could, somebody else Snaps the Deal #BigBillionDay

Axel Springer: Customer records sacred'We would say no' to German Security Services
Duration: 03:16
Mathias Dopfner, CEO of one of Europe’s biggest publishing companies Axel Springer, says he would not share his customers personal details with the security services if he was asked.
Available since: Mon 6 Oct 2014
Share this page
First broadcast : 06 Oct 2014
More clips from HARDtalk
BBC © 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more.
This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.

Mutual Funds invest Rs 23 000 crore in debt market in SeptMutual Funds invest Rs 23,000 crore in debt market in September
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 09:17 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Mutual funds invested a whopping over Rs 23,000 crore in the bond market in September, taking the total investment to close to Rs 5 lakh crore since the beginning of the year.
In comparison, foreign investors made a net inflow of a staggering near Rs 1.19 lakh crore so far in 2014.
As per the latest data compiled by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), the net investment by mutual funds (MFs) in the debt market during September stood at Rs 23,416 crore.
This takes the total investment by MFs into the bond market to Rs 4,89,467 crore so far in 2014. In 2013, mutual funds had invested a net of Rs 5.12 lakh crore in the bond market.
Industry experts attributed the inflows in debt to the new government's reforms agenda, improved fundamentals of the domestic economy and high interest rates.
Mutual funds collect money from investors and buy stocks, including IPOs (primary market) and bonds.
Moreover, MFs picked up shares to the tune of around Rs 4,200 crore in the equity market in September, making it the fifth consecutive monthly inflow.
MFs have turned net buyers of equities since May 2014.
Prior to that, fund houses had been net sellers in the equity market since September, 2013, while they were net buyers of shares to the tune of Rs 1,607 crore in August 2013.
The latest inflows takes the total net investment by MFs in stocks to Rs 8,000 crore so far this year.

ICICI acquires over 5 % stake in HMUpdated: October 7, 2014 21:41 IST
ICICI acquires over 5 % stake in HM
Special Correspondent
stock activity
ICICI Bank has acquired 5.15 per cent stake in beleaguered Hindustan Motors (HM) as part of settlement with the company. Hindustan Motors said in a stock exchange filing that ICICI Bank had acquired 1.07 crore shares of HML, amounting to 5.15 per cent stake. On September 29, the board of Hindustan Motors had allotted securities on a preferential basis to lenders, banks and financial institutions, in accordance with approval of the corporate debt restructuring process. On May 24 HM, now a BIFR-referred company, had declared a work suspension at its main unit at Uttarpara, which used to roll out Ambassador cars.

Tech Mahindra launches Airbus groups HubUpdated: October 7, 2014 21:40 IST
Tech Mahindra launches Airbus group’s Hub
Special Correspondent
company information
Tech Mahindra has launched ‘The Hub for Airbus group’ here. It will deliver multi-domain services and solutions, ranging from product development to after-market services to the group. In a filing on Tuesday to the BSE, Tech Mahindra said the Hub is a “long term transition from current execution models to a platform based approach in product development and engineering services.”

Russian companies face credit crunchRussian companies face credit crunch danger
By Kathrin Hille in Moscow and Ralph Atkins in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/70a578b4-4d70-11e4-9683-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asia Shares Skid  Bonds Benefit on Global Growth WorriesYou are here: Home Market
Asia Shares Skid, Bonds Benefit on Global Growth Worries
Reuters | Updated On: October 08, 2014 09:09 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Sydney: Asian stocks fell on Wednesday as worries about waning global growth lifted safe-haven bonds and the yen, while shoving oil prices to their lowest in more than two years.
Government bonds were in big demand as investors wagered global inflation would continue to slow and even put off the day when US interest rates might rise.
Minutes of the Federal Reserve's last policy meeting are due later in the session and markets will be acutely sensitive to how the debate between hawks and doves on the committee was playing out.
In Asia, Japan's Topix shed 1.5 per cent while the Nikkei dropped 1.4 per cent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.8 per cent, while Australia's main index lost 0.7 per cent.
China's markets were relatively steady as they returned from a week-long break, with Shanghai flat, but Hong Kong shed 0.7 per cent.
A private survey of China's services sector showed growth eased a touch in September, but that only served to reinforce expectations of further stimulus measures by Beijing.
Stimulus is also very much on the cards in Europe after German industrial output suffered the biggest decline since the height of the financial crisis, piling pressure on the European Central Bank to be more urgent in its actions.
The IMF on Tuesday shaved its global growth forecast to 3.3 per cent for this year, from 3.4 per cent, warning of weakness in the euro zone, Japan and big emerging markets such as Brazil.
The IMF sees a 30 per cent chance that the euro zone will fall into deflation and a nearly 40 per cent risk it will slide into a recession over the next year. Data on Tuesday signalled Japan may already be in a mild recession.
"Weak numbers like the German production report fuel concern that ECB stimulus will be inadequate given the gloomier news," said Westpac analyst James Shugg.
"With the IMF waving its knife at its global growth forecasts, US markets couldn't avoid the downdraft either."
The Dow fell 1.6 per cent, while the S&P 500 lost 1.51 per cent and the Nasdaq 1.56 per cent. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 also shed 1.5 per cent.
What inflation?
Inflation swaps for the euro zone, which essentially show what investors think inflation will average over the next five years, have been in precipitous decline, touching an historic low of 1.89 per cent this week.
This is one of ECB President Mario Draghi's favoured measures of inflation and its decline was a major reason the central bank launched a fresh stimulus package last month.
But the downdraft in inflation expectations is hardly confined to Europe. The US swaps rate has sunk to 2.62 per cent, from 2.88 per cent in August, even as the run of US economic data has been generally encouraging.
Likewise, longer-dated US Treasury yields have fallen noticeably as investors price in low inflation for longer.
Yields on 30-year bonds are now at their lowest since May 2013 at 3.05 per cent, while their premium over two-year yields shrank to the smallest since late 2012.
Futures contracts predicting the course of the Fed funds rate have rallied hard in recent days as the market pushed out the date for the first hike.
They now show less than 50 basis points of tightening for 2015 and all of it in the second half of the year.
The fall in US yields dragged the dollar down from its recent highs. The dollar index was at 85.769, off a four-year peak of 86.746 hit on Friday.
The dollar initially slid as far as 107.76 yen, before steadying at 108.23, still off a six-year high of 110.09 set a week ago. The euro edged up to $1.2646, and away from a two-year trough near $1.2500.
Commodities were under pressure on fears of weakening global demand. Brent crude oil fell 39 cents to $91.72 a barrel. It hit $91.25 on Monday, the lowest since June 2012.
US November crude eased another 38 cents to $88.47 a barrel, uncomfortably close to its recent trough of $88.18.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Auto Delinquencies Decline in Q2: FitchDDA Housing Scheme: Draw to be Held on Tuesday
Mumbai: Global rating agency Fitch on Tuesday said auto loans fared better in the September quarter on the back of recovery in Indian economy.
"The domestic auto ABS (asset-backed securitisation) delinquency level (was) off in the September quarter," the agency said in a note. It, however, did not give the exact number on the delinquencies in the reporting quarter.
"The delinquency rate was mostly stable in Q3 (of CY2014), in contrast with the rapid rise to 3.9 per cent in December 2013 and the steady climb in H1 of the current fiscal."
According to Fitch, the upturn in economic growth, which helps the commercial vehicles the most, is one of the primary reasons for the stability in performance of the auto loan repayments.
Fitch expects India's GDP growth, which came at 4.7 per cent and 4.5 per cent in FY14 and FY13 respectively, to increase to 5.5 per cent this fiscal year. In the first quarter, the economy expanded by 5.7 per cent.
The agency said tighter underwriting and collection standards also helped in stabilising the delinquency rates.
"Tighter underwriting and collection include setting lower loan-to-value criteria, reviewing maximum loan tenors, enhancing collection and servicing techniques."
Auto sales have also been picking in recent months after de-growing throughout last fiscal, indicating improved consumer sentiment.
As per the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM), in August car sales jumped 15.16 per cent to 1,53,758 units compared to 1,33,513 in the same month of 2013. Motorcycle sales during the month grew 14.45 per cent to 9,10,312 units as against 7,95,411 in August last year.
In September, too, auto sales rose with Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai, Honda, Toyota and M&M reporting good growth ahead of the festive season. However, Tata Motors, GM and Ford reported decline in sales.
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 21:32 (IST)

Government to Unveil New Monetary Policy Framework by End-January: ReportFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
New Delhi: The government will unveil a new monetary policy framework by the end of January 2015, a Finance Ministry official told reporters on Tuesday.
The government will set a new inflation target which will be implemented by a monetary policy panel, said the official who did not wish to be named.
In January, a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) panel headed by Deputy Governor Urjit Patel recommended a policy framework that would lead to 6 per cent consumer price inflation by 2016.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Investors cautious ahead of earnings  Fed minutes
Gusty showers overnight  clearing for lunar eclipse; Beastly Super Typhoon VongfongBy Jason Samenow October 7 Follow @capitalweather
10:10 p.m. update: Intense line of storms sweeping inside Beltway with heavy rain, thunder, lightning and gusty winds. These should push through the immediate metro area by 10:45-11:00 p.m. and exit our eastern suburbs by around 11:30 p.m.
Radar & lightning: Latest D.C. area radar shows movement of precipitation and lightning strikes over past two hours. Refresh page to update. Click here or on image to enlarge. Or see radar bigger on our Weather Wall .
A fast-moving cool front triggers widespread showers and even a rumble of thunder overnight.  But clearing behind the front should occur rapidly enough to view Wednesday morning’s lunar eclipse .  Wednesday, overall, is a beautiful day, with sunshine and lovely 70s in the afternoon.
Through Tonight: Rain showers quickly develop between 6 and 7 p.m. from west to east. Some brief downpours, gusty winds and a little thunder are possible as they move through overnight. “I would say the severe (damaging) gust potential is not much more than 5-10 percent in any one location,” says CWG severe weather expert Jeff Halverson. “Strong (30-50 mph or so) gusts are only somewhat more likely (20-30 percent chance).”
HRRR simulated radar shows rain over the region by 7 p.m. (WeatherBell.com)
General winds – outside of showers – are from the southwest at 10-15 mph, gusting to 20-25 mph.
The rain departs the region quickly between midnight and 2 a.m., with gradually clearing skies after 3 a.m. By 6 a.m., when the lunar eclipse approaches its peak , cloud cover should decrease below 30 percent. Morning low temperatures are fairly mild for sky watchers with lows from the low-to-mid 50s in our cooler suburbs to near 60 downtown.
Tomorrow (Wednesday): Skies are mostly sunny and it’s absolutely delightful. Highs reach the mid-to-upper 70s, with winds from the west around 10-15 mph.
See Matt Rogers’ forecast through the weekend . And if you haven’t already, join us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter . For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock.
Pollen: Trees, grasses, mold spores are LOW.  Weed counts are MODERATE.
Super Typhoon Vongfong: Super Typhoon Vongfong, which rapidly intensified in the 24 hours between Monday and Tuesday mornings, continued to strengthen on Tuesday afternoon. The massive storm is now the equivalent of a category 5 hurricane with sustained winds of 180 mph. This places Vongfong among the strongest storms ever recorded, and the strongest since deadly Typhoon Haiyan in 2013, which peaked at wind speeds of 195 mph.
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center predicts that Vongfong will peak at 190 mph within the next 24 hours. Super Typhoon Vongfong is expected to weaken significantly before reaching Japan early next week.
On Tuesday afternoon eastern time, NASA’s Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) caught this incredible image in a satellite pass. At the time this image was captured, it was night time in the Western Pacific. The image is illuminated entirely by moonlight.
(Dan Lindsey/NOAA)
(Angela Fritz contributed to this post.)
Jason is currently the Washington Post’s weather editor. A native Washingtonian, Jason has been a weather enthusiast since age 10.

If U.S. troops get Ebola in Africa  theyll get treatment in the U.S.By Dan Lamothe October 7 Follow @danlamothe
Gen. David Rodriguez, commander of U.S. Africa Command, said at a Pentagon briefing on Tuesday that the U.S. military effort to combat Ebola in West Africa would take "about a year," but that the timeline would depend on the spread of the virus and the scope of international participation. (AP)
If U.S. troops in Africa get the Ebola virus, they will be taken to the United States on a specially designed plane and get treatment there, said the top U.S. general overseeing operations in Africa.
The force of up to 4,000 service members will be based in several countries in western Africa, including Liberia, the heart of the ongoing Ebola crisis that has killed more than 3,400 people worldwide, according to the World Health Organization . They will be monitored several times per day and where a variety of protective equipment, depending on what jobs they have, said Gen. David Rodriguez, the chief of U.S. Africa Command.
“Stopping the spread of this disease is the core mission here,” Rodriguez told reporters at the Pentagon on Tuesday.
Rodriguez said that a small number of those service members will run testing laboratories and will wear a full biological protective suit that will bring them into contact with individuals who could have Ebola. The U.S. military already has deployed three of the laboratories, each manned by a few people, and has been asked to send a few more.
He later reversed course , saying in statement distributed through the Pentagon that no U.S. military personnel will be treating Ebola patients directly in Africa. The individuals working at the mobile laboratories will work with samples, not people, he said.
The rest of the U.S. troops deployed will be equipped with lighter protective equipment for the mission, including gloves and masks, but will not come into contact with the general population at the greatest risk of contracting the disease. Rather, they’ll remain in locations like airfields, assisting with the logistical effort required to help doctors and other health workers on the ground.
“They don’t need the whole suit as such, because they’re not going to be in any contact with the people,” Rodriguez said of most troops who will deploy.
One role for the military is in building 17 treatment centers for those who get the disease. The effort will likely take until mid-November, Rodriguez said.
We will probably… continue to improve the speed with which we build them. Because after you get one done, the second set goes faster,” the general said. “But that’s the estimate right now, to get all of the 17 done.”
The Pentagon said last week that a force of up to 4,000 troops could deploy for the mission, mostly from the Army. Rodriguez said he thinks that will provide “sufficient capacity” to carry out their mission in support of the humanitarian response. A headquarters unit from the 101st Airborne Division, of Fort Campbell, Ky., is expected to deploy in the next few weeks for Monrovia, Liberia’s capital, under the command of Maj. Gen. Gary Volesky.
If U.S. troops get Ebola, they will receive treatment similar to U.S. aid workers who have contracted the virus, Rodriguez said. In those cases, they crossed the Atlantic in an aircraft that segregated them from other fliers, and received medical care in a U.S. hospital.
UPDATE, 4:20 p.m.: This post was updated to reflect Rodriguez’s clarifying remarks , released Tuesday afternoon by the Pentagon.
Related on Checkpoint

Quartz Daily BriefEurope editionAmazons worker searchees  Yums food-safety slump  Wal-Mart cuts benefits  inheriOctober 8, 2014
What to watch for today
Europe’s leaders discuss the euro zone. As  IMF data  predicts that Europe has a one-in-three chance of plunging back into a recession, politicians  convene in Milan to figure out what—if anything—can be done to right the ship.
The US Federal Reserve opens the vault. Investors will comb through the  minutes of September’s monetary policy meeting  for clues on when the Fed will raise rates. Separately, former Fed chairman Ben Bernanke testifies about the 2008 bailout of AIG .
Amazon goes before the US Supreme Court. When your 12-hour shift stuffing boxes  at an Amazon warehouse ends, you’re forced to stand in line for as long as 25 minutes so you can be searched for stolen goods. The court starts hearing a case brought by workers who want to be paid for that time .
PepsiCo shrugs off its lack of fizz. Sugar-water sales are flagging, but PepsiCo is also in the snack-foods industry , and investors are expecting a 1.2% increase in sales despite the soda slump.
Super-typhoon Vongfong gains strength. The cyclone off Japan was upgraded to “super” status as wind speeds reached 250 kph (155 mph), making it the strongest storm on Earth this year . It could still get stronger before hitting southern Japan at the end of the week.
While you were sleeping
Yum Brands took a food safety hit. The owner of KFC, Pizza Hut, and Taco Bell said earnings per share would only grow  10% this year , compared to a growth projection of at least 20% previously. Sales in China, where it is the largest foreign restaurant chain operator, fell 14% in its third quarter after a food safety scandal hit one of its suppliers.
An Ebola mystery in Spain. Health authorities are trying to figure out how a nurse contracted the virus despite only visiting an infected patient’s room twice , both times while wearing protective equipment. Meanwhile, the nurse’s under-quarantine husband is trying to save their dog from being euthanized .  
More evidence of slower spending in China. The HSBC/Markit services purchasing managers’ index, which tracks smaller companies than the government’s index, fell to 53.5 in September , from an 18-month high of 54.1 in August. (A figure above 50 indicates expansion.) Meanwhile, retail sales growth during the country’s “Golden Week” holiday slowed to 12.1% , from 13.6% last year.
The bidding war for Allergan got complicated. The manufacturer of Botox has also turned down repeated takeover offers from  Valeant Pharmaceuticals and hedge fund manager Bill Ackman , but might be willing to consider bids of at least $200 per share from Activis, sources told Reuters . Valeant and Ackman are considering raising their offer for Allergan by $4.5 billion  (paywall).
Walmart cut back on health benefits. Starting next year, an additional 30,000 part-time employees will have to fend for themselves . The move is part of a shift by major US retail chains away from providing health insurance to their workers.
Twitter sued the US government. The company says it wants to be able to tell its users more  about government surveillance requests, but it can’t due to the current laws in place.
Quartz obsession interlude
Leo Mirani on the simple device that could turn any car into a connected car. “Look under the hood of most modern cars and you will be hard pressed to identify what part does what. As a result, drivers suffering a fault with their cars must take the word of the garage or dealership when they say something is wrong with it. Being able to see what’s going on under the hood on your smartphone ‘allows a better relationship between consumer and vehicle,’ says Pavan Mathew, O2’s head of connected cars.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
Stay-at-home dads don’t deserve extra praise. But it’s hard to resist giving it to them.
America doesn’t care about Syria’s Kurds. It only cares about the stability of Iraq .
Never, ever, pay a ransom. Doing so only encourages future kidnappings .
Ebola is the ISIL of viruses. Or the Putin of Stalin, or the North Korea of peanut allergies—in short,  stop using ridiculous metaphors .
Surprising discoveries
Blame DNA for your crippling caffeine addiction. How your body processes the stimulant is determined by fewer than 10 genes .
Going to the gym increases job satisfaction. Especially if you take time off work to exercise .
It pays to play video games. One US college is handing out 35 “athletic” scholarships  for “esports” stars.
Bangladesh has discovered the secret to making people poop indoors.  “Shame and disgust” messages were key.
Steroids enhance performance for life. Banning an athlete for two or even four years is pointless.
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, laser pointers, and fake IDs to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Nifty  Sensex slide on global woes. Do you see the correction continuing through DiwaliPlatinum Member
279 Followers
Global markets are in sedate mood and  dripping downwards almost every day.  Indian markets are awaiting the state election results. Once the results are out, it will give some direction to market. If the results are favourable to BJP to form strong governments , it will give strength to Mr.Modi to start major decisions little earlier than expected.
3.50 PM Oct 8th

Narendra Modi s chest is 5.6 inches and not 56: Congress on ceasefire violationsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

http://usat.ly/1pOxMCPFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
8 tips to maximize your 401(k) for retirement
"One of the things we encourage people to do is increase (your contribution) by 1% each year," says Larry Rosenthal, of Rosenthal Wealth Management.
Post to Facebook
8 tips to maximize your 401(k) for retirement "One of the things we encourage people to do is increase (your contribution) by 1% each year," says Larry Rosenthal, of Rosenthal Wealth Management. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vNbC9N
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
42
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
8 tips to maximize your 401(k) for retirement
Rodney Brooks , USA TODAY 7:55 p.m. EDT October 7, 2014
401k
469 CONNECT 221 TWEET 274 LINKEDIN 42 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Pensions are pretty much a thing of the past. With the switch to company-based 401(k) plans, the burden of saving for retirement falls to you.
"The Leave It to Beaver idea of a worker spending 40 years with a company and retiring with a pension and a watch went out with black-and-white television," says Sen. Ron Wyden D-Ore., chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, who held hearings on the retirement crisis last month.
So it's vital for you to be engaged in your company-sponsored 401(k) plan. Financial planners have some common tips to help you get more out of those plans. For instance:
•Contribute at least enough to your 401(k) to meet the employer match. Otherwise, you're giving up free money.
•Early withdrawals (before 59½ in most cases) can result is significant taxes and penalties.
•If you're 50 or older, take advantage of the "catch-up" provision, which lets you put an additional $5,500 into your plan each year (on top of the $17,500 annual max).
By now, most people have heard those. So, here are a few financial tips you may not have thought about, but will help maximize the value of your 401(k) by the time you retire.
1.The 1% rule. "One of the things we encourage people to do is increase (your contribution) by 1% each year," says Larry Rosenthal, of Rosenthal Wealth Management in Manassas, Va. "Each year, up it by 1% till they reach the maximum. You can work that into a savings each year. It slowly puts more money each year without hurting the budget."
2. Save that bonus. If you get a bonus, max out your 401(k) withholding for that month and live off the bonus," says Andrew Rafal, founder of Strategy Financial Group in Phoenix. "If you get a $5,000 bonus, normally, you'd live off your salary, and you'd save 10%, or $500. I want you to withhold 100%, put it in the 401(k) and live off the bonus for that month."
3. If you delay retirement, keep your 401(k). "I work with a lot of retirees, and those getting close to retirement," says Rafal. "If you are 70½, you have to withdraw a certain amount. But if you are still working at 70½ and you have a company 401(k), you do not need to take out that minimum distribution until you actually retire. We often see the wrong advice — roll that into an IRA. Then that individual would have to take out the minimum distribution."
4. Don't forget about that old 401(k) you left at your last job. Lena Haas, senior vice president for retirement, investing and saving at E-Trade, says never leave your money at the old job and forget about it.
"Many people work tirelessly and diligently to contribute to a 401(k), and then they leave their job and don't carry that diligence over," she says. They leave that money and forget about it. The money they worked so hard to save ends up underperforming.
"There is a myth when it comes to retirement savings," she says. "You stash it, and forget it. The opposite is true. If you don't proactively take care of all that money you save, no one else will."
5. Know your company's vesting schedule: Many companies have a vesting schedule with the company match in 401(k) plans. "The money doesn't really become theirs till they have stayed with the company long enough," says Jeanne Thompson, vice president of thought leadership at Fidelity Investments. "This is especially important for Millennials. They tend to change jobs every three or four years. Many plans don't vest for three or four years.
"Overall, one out of every four job changers are not fully vested and forfeited money," says Thompson. "In Millennials, one out of two forfeited money when changing jobs. Multiple job hopping could reduce retirement income significantly when they go to retire."
6. Beware of the 'retirement tax time bomb.' "You get a good tax benefit up front from putting that money in a 401(k)," says Don Chamberlin, president of the Chamberlin Group in St. Louis. "Everyone sees that their salary has been reduced. The problem is by the time they are ready to retire, most people will have several hundred thousand dollars in a 401(k). And when they take it out, they are taxed. It's a huge tax bill accumulated. Ed Slot, IRA consultant, calls it the 'retirement tax bomb.'"
"Many people lose sight of the fact that the majority of 401(k) assets are pretax," says Thompson. "People don't realize that all the money is taxable. If they have $100,000, and are in a 25% tax bracket, they only really have $75,000."
Chamberlin and Thompson say more employers are offering a Roth 401(k) option, and they especially recommend it for younger workers. Since taxes have already been taken out, you won't be taxed when the money comes out. But Thompson says just under 50% of employers offer the Roth 401(k) option, and only 7% of employees are using it. You should talk to a financial adviser to see if the Roth works for you.
7. When you retire, don't withdraw too much, too soon. "As they are entering retirement or thinking about retiring, they should not withdraw too much too soon," says Thompson. "We recommend 4% to 5% (a year). That number can be higher if you have other assets. There are times when you can maintain a higher withdrawal rate. If you retire at 70, your retirement is shorter, so you might be able to withdraw high. If you have a significant pension, you may be able to tap into your 401(k) at a higher rate. If you will work in retirement, have a part-time job, or own real estate and have rental income, you may be able to withdraw at a higher rate."
8. Have an emergency fund. This is "critical," says Thompson. "Everyone should have an emergency fund. She says people often ask how does an emergency fund relate to retirement. "When people need quick cash, many dip into their 401(k)," she says. "They are taking small amounts.
"It's important to start an emergency fund, even if you put in $10 or $20 a week. If the hot water heater breaks or you need new brakes, you have the money so you don't have to tap into your retirement."
Best ways to start that emergency fund: Thompson says work with you current financial institution and start a direct deposit. Make sure it is a separate account. And think of it like the old vacation club or Christmas club accounts banks used to offer.
"Part of the success is it goes from your check to your account," she says. "You get used to not having that money."
469 CONNECT 221 TWEET 274 LINKEDIN 42 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vNbC9N

Watch 1st ODI Live Online: India vs West Indies Live Streaming InformationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

One more killed as Pakistan intensifies firing across borderComments
Two women of a family were killed and 15 others injured in heavy mortar shelling and firing by Pakistani troops on Wednesday along the international border in Jammu.
Villagers show mortar shell marks on a wall after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers at a residential area. (PTI Photo)
Pakistani Rangers targeted 50 border out posts (BoPs) and 35 hamlets overnight along the 192-km boundary. The escalation has triggered an exodus, with 16,000 people moving to safer areas from border villages.
 
Eight people have been killed so far and over 70 people injured in continuing ceasefire violations by Pakistan over a week.
  
Pakistani troops targeted Chillary village along the IB in Samba district around 7.30am .
In the mortar shelling, Shakuntla Devi and her daughter-in-law Poli Devi were killed while their husbands along with two children of Poli were injured, Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP), Samba, Anil Mangotra said.
   
All the inhabitants of the village with a population 1,700 have fled from border hamlet to safety.
 
Along the Line of Control (LoC), the firing stopped Tuesday night in Mendhar & Poonch sectors after Indian forces gave a befitting reply, defence officials said. 
 
An injured Indian boy is carried on a stretcher for treatment to the government medical college hospital, in Jammu. (AP photo)
Among the 15 injured today, three were BSF jawans. All of them have been shifted to Government Medical College (GMC) hospital, the SSP said.
  
Jorda Farm border hamlet was hit by shelling at 9am police officials said. Six persons were injured when they were returning after night stay in shelter camp in R S Pura. They were shifted to GMC hospital for treatment, they said.
 
Earlier, a BSF spokesperson said "Pakistani Rangers again resorted to unprovoked mortar shelling and heavy firing on BSF posts all along IB since 8pm last night."
As many as 50 BSF BoPs were affected by the fire from Pakistan side, he said, adding areas along IB in Arnia, R S Pura, Kanachak and Pargwal sub-sectors in Jammu and Samba districts were targeted.
  
Eight people have been killed and 71 others including BSF jawans injured in Pakistani shelling and firing along LoC and IB in Jammu and Poonch districts in over two dozen ceasefire violations since October 1 this year.
 

Vistara ties up with Amadeus for service systemYou are here: Home > Collections
Vistara ties up with Amadeus for its passenger service system
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 12.22PM IST
Tags:
Amadeus
(The suite will power Vistara's…)
MUMBAI: Global travel industry solution services company Amadeus will provide its altea suite to soon-to-be-launched full service airline Vistara.
The suite will power Vistara's travel reservations, inventory management, airport departure control systems, as well as revenue accounting and revenue management, a release said.
Amadeus Altea Suite, a complete passenger service system, is currently used by more than 120 airlines across the world.
Vistara is a 51:49 joint venture between Tata Sons and Singapore Airlines Limited . The full service airline is likely to launch operations this month or early next month.
"Our technology partnership with Amadeus will be a key differentiator offering advanced features and an integrated platform for our customers across multiple channels including mobile and web," Vistara chief executive Phee Teik Yeoh said on the partnetship with Amadeus.
Besides, Amadeus will also provide Vistara its e-commerce and loyalty solutions to drive online bookings and optimise their frequent flyer programme, the release said.
These solutions will help Vistara derive maximum operational efficiencies, reduce unnecessary waiting times at airports and ensure a seamless experience for its customers, it said.
"There is a huge opportunity for full service carriers like Vistara to revolutionise Indian air travel with technology as the key differentiator," said Hazem Hussein, EVP, Airline Commercial, Amadeus Asia Pacific.
In today's fiercely competitive aviation industry, technology can be a make or break difference for airlines, he said.
Based on existing airline contracts, Amadeus estimates that by 2017 the number of Passengers Boarded (PBs) managed by Altea will be around 1 billion, the release added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold imports in September at $4 billion: Sou...India's gold imports in September at $4 billion: Industry sources
ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 12.42PM IST
(A decline in gold prices…)
India imported about $4 billion worth of gold bullion in September, said two leading industry sources. In terms of volume, the shipments would amount to about 100 tonnes, one of the people said. This is slightly less than what was imported in June after the government renewed the licenses of premier and star trading houses, they said.
On May 22, the Reserve Bank of India lifted a ban on premier and star trading houses importing gold, which was imposed almost a year ago in light of a burgeoning current account deficit.
A decline in gold prices to Rs 26,000 per 10 gm levels from above Rs 27,000 led jewellers to replenish stocks ahead of the festive season.
Demand in the October-December quarter tends to rise because of the festive season and the onset of the wedding season, which runs through May.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 5 stocks which can return upto 53% | Sensex @ 1: top stock betsMarkets rangebound; top 20 trading bets
ET Now Oct 8, 2014, 03.03PM IST
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian markets are trading in the red, thanks t global growth worries.
At 2:58 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,336.69, up 64.72 points. The Nifty was at 7,866.90, down 14.50 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Cipla Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 560 and a stop loss of Rs 590
Aurobindo Pharma Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 950 and a stop loss of Rs 975
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 535 and a stop loss of Rs 500
IndusInd Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 635 and a stop loss of Rs 600
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 293 and a stop loss of Rs 312
NTPC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 148 and a stop loss of Rs 139
Bata India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1405 and a stop loss of Rs 1324
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 378 and a stop loss of Rs 362
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
BPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 681 and a stop loss of Rs 661
Aurobindo Pharma Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 932 and a stop loss of Rs 968
Wipro Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 580 and a stop loss of Rs 610
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 218 and a stop loss of Rs 207
Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 240 and a stop loss of Rs 225
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 950 and a stop loss of Rs 925
Shrikant Chouhan, Senior VP - Technical Research, Kotak Securities
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 197
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1500 and a stop loss of Rs 1415
Tata Steel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 465 and a stop loss of Rs 435
Rakesh Bansal, VP- R K Global
NMDC is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 152 and a stop loss of Rs 169
IndusInd Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 570 and a stop loss of Rs 635
Canara Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 337 and a stop loss of Rs 363.50
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Corporate rating upgrades may continue going forward: CARECanara Bank's stake has come down from 15 to 12 percent during last one year.
DR Dogra
CEO
CARE Ratings
CARE Ratings  had come out with a report showing a sharp increase in the number of corporate rating upgrades for Q2FY15 versus Q2FY14 and DR Dogra, MD & CEO of Care Ratings expects this trend to continue on back of positive sentiment, and some positive steps taken by the new government. However, he adds that things on the ground haven’t improved that much.
For every downgrade there have been 1.25 upgrades in Q2FY15, he adds in an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal.
According to him the sectors that have seen the maximum upgrades have been the textiles, chemicals and pharma and the downgrades have been more in the hospitality, iron, steel, retail trade segments.
Commenting on Canara Bank paring its stake in the company from 15 to around 12 percent in the last one year, he says the bank has been a shareholder for a very long time of over 20 years and it is natural for any investor to liquidated some assets from their investments..
However, he says Canara Bank still remains the second largest shareholder after IDBI Bank which holds around 15% stake. This shows that shareholders still see value in the company, says Dogra.
According to the report ratings of 170 entities have been upgraded, of 61 entities have been downgraded and that of 372 entities have been re-affirmed.
Also read:   Credit ratio shows early signs of recovery: CRISIL
Below is the transcript of DR Dogra’s interview with Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18.
Ekta: Can you then safely say that Q2 FY15 has seen maybe an improvement in the credit ratings of most of the companies or maybe the asset quality or the debt servicing ability of most of the companies in this quarter?
A: The credit quality has been seen to improve during the Q2 of this year. If you look at our modified credit ratio which is ratio of upgrades plus retentions to downgrade plus retentions which are in hovering below 1 for quite long time and started going above 1 somewhere in Q2 of FY14 and continuously it has taken an uptrend.
It was 1.05 in Q2 FY14 which went up to 1.04 in Q3, again went down to 1.02 in Q4 of FY14 and have been stable in Q1 of FY14 at 1.02 but surprisingly in Q2 FY15 it has gone to 1.25. That means for every one downgrade there was 1.25 of upgrades. That shows the CAD quality is in upturn.
Anuj: What sectors have seen the highest upgrades and what sectors have seen the highest downgrades?
A: We have seen that most of the upgrades have been in the chemicals, textiles, pharma, telecom, auto sectors whereas the downgrades have been more in the hospitality, iron, steel, retail trade segments.
Reema: Is it fair to assume that this trend will maybe continue or do you think that maybe Q2 FY15 was an aberration or is it a start of a new cycle?
A: I think sentiment is positive. Things have improved to that extent but it may not be only because of more number of upgrades but because of  lower number of downgrades. However, after all modified credit ratio is a ratio. So, if numerator doesn’t go up but if denominator goes down the ratio increases that is one thing which we have to keep in mind.
However, if you look at today’s paper, one report says that number of revived projects have increased during this quarter, that is one. Second even the IMF forecast for our gross domestic product (GDP) is positive, and this government is also taking many steps to revive - there are some environmental concerns which are being addressed, mining issues are at least now out of the court jurisidiction and can now government can start acting that.
That shows the ability of this government to take the movement forward and all of us who are just waiting for GDP to pick up. I think we expect positives in the quarters to come.
Ekta: We do understand that one of the shareholders which is Canara Bank has been consistently paring down stake. Can you give us a sense of how much they have pared down their stake to? Have you had any interactions with them in terms of whether they would look to sell-off a bulk amount of stake that they own? They currently hold around 11-12 percent if I am not mistaken.
A: They have come down from around 15 percent to around 12 percent during last one year. However, let us be fair to our shareholders, they have been with this company right from 1993, had very long and patience of over 20 years now with this company. Now, when the Rs 8 crore they put in 1993 is more than Rs 4500 crore now, I think there is some time for any investor to make some money.
However, though they have sold some stake they still remain the second largest shareholder of the company and own around 12 percent of the company. It is not that they have completely gone out but there are pressures on each one, they need to liquidate some of the assets where they think there is some money to make in those investments. I think it was a step in that direction and they still remain second largest shareholder and IDBI is the largest one at 15 percent share.
So, it shows that the shareholders see value in this company and whenever you need money you will have to liquidate some of the assets which you have and that is what some of the shareholders have done in the past.
CARE stock price
On November 24, 2014, Credit Analysis and Research closed at Rs 1436.40, up Rs 0.55, or 0.04 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1588.95 and the 52-week low was Rs 661.15.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 51.15 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 28.08. The latest book value of the company is Rs 167.01 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 8.60.
RELATED NEWS

SEBI to bring out new de-listing regulations next month: SinhaDiscussing smooth exits: UK Sinha, Chairman, SEBI, with Naina Lal Kidwai, Chairperson — India, HSBC, and Sunil Sanghai, Chairman, FICCI Capital Markets Committee, and MD & India Head — Banking, HSBC, at the CAPAM 2014 conference held in Mumbai on Wednesday. PAUL NORONHA
Mumbai, October 8:  
Capital market regulator SEBI is set to bring out new de-listing regulations next month to enable smooth exit of companies from the bourses.
Inaugurating FICCI’s annual capital market conference in Mumbai on Wednesday, U K Sinha, Chairman – SEBI, felt that things of the past which have outlived their utility should have an exit opportunity.
Referring to companies that were hardly traded on the bourses, Sinha said “they should be de-listed in an honourable and fair manner keeping in mind the interest of the investors.”
e-IPO implementation
SEBI also has plans to implement the electronic IPO (e-IPO) through a mechanism akin to the secondary market with target of listing a company, five days (T+5) after the issue has closed. This would subsequently be brought down to three days (T+3) according to Sinha. As on date, companies list 12 days (T+12) after an issue has closed for subscription.
Also on the anvil is the introduction of listing regulations replacing the current listing agreement (of exchanges) that listed companies have to comply, as a regulation is legally more binding than an agreement.
Insider trading regulations
SEBI is also expected to unveil the latest version of insider trading regulations shortly following the recommendations of the N K Sodhi committee on insider trading.
SEBI was in favour of a soft enforcement regime coupled with risk-based supervision with all these measures coming in before the end of this fiscal, said Sinha.
In addition, SEBI is also looking at allowing raising of fresh capital through the institutional trading platform. At present, companies (SMEs) are allowed only to do an offer-for-sale of existing equity on an institutional trading platform without the requirement of an IPO.
Corporate bond market
On measures to deepen the corporate bond market, Sinha said that RBI and SEBI were working together to implement T+2 settlement of corporate bonds instead of T+1.
Settlement occurs when securities are credited into the demat account of the buyer and money into the bank account of the seller on the designated date or the second working day after the trade has been done (T+2 in this case) .
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Govt approves 33 long-pending defence projectsGovernment approves 33 long-pending defence projects
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 15:32 IST
Commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman.
The government has cleared 33 long-pending defence projects, including those of Reliance Aerospace, Bharat Forge, Mahindra Telephonic Integrated Systems and Tata Advanced Materials, a move that is expected to boost advanced manufacturing and attract huge investment. The decision would also boost Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign.
Applicants in 14 pending cases have been informed that licences are not required anymore as a vast number of defence items have been delicensed.
According to a Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) statement on Tuesday, it has been possible to approve these cases as a consequence of the simplification of the foreign direct investment (FDI) policy. The FDI cap in defence has been raised from 26 per cent to 49 per cent, and portfolio investment up to 24 per cent of the total equity of the investee/joint venture company has been permitted under the automatic route. The requirement of 51 per cent equity ownership by a single Indian investor/company has been done away with.
The defence products list for industrial licensing has been issued, wherein large number of parts/components, castings/forgings, etc. have been excluded from preview of industrial licensing.
Similarly, dual use item, having military as well as civilian application (unless classified as defence items) now do not require an industrial licence from the defence angle. This has enabled domestic and international companies to undertake manufacturing without going through a lengthy process. The applicant company now only needs to file an Industrial Entrepreneur Memorandum for these items and implement his project through the automatic route.
"It is expected that the approval for these 33 applications and the deregulation of the defence product list excluding a large number of components from purview of industrial licensing will provide a major impetus to advanced manufacturing in defence sector," the statement added.
The Licensing Committee also discussed possibility of removal of stipulation of annual capacity in the industrial licence as also to permit sale of licensed items to other entities under the control of home ministry, state governments, PSUs and other defence licensed companies without requiring approval of the Department of Defence Production.
It was agreed that the above stipulation would be relaxed subject to submission of bi-annual returns by the unit. DIPP would soon notify the above decision by issue of a press note, the statement said.

Nephew slams Chautala  seeks votes for BJP to get rid of INLD slaveryNephew slams Chautala, seeks votes for BJP to get rid of INLD ‘slavery’
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigarh |       October 8, 2014 1:37 pm
Comments
Aditya accused Om Prakash Chautala's INLD of treating the people of Haryana as their "slaves".
Aditya Chautala, who has now assumed the name of his grandfather, INLD founder Choudhary Devi Lal, and calls himself Aditya Devi Lal, on Wednesday slammed his uncle Om Prakash Chautala, and asked people to vote for the BJP in the Haryana Assembly elections.
At a BJP public rally in Dabwali, Aditya accused Om Prakash Chautala’s INLD of treating the people of Haryana as their “slaves”, and urged the people to vote for BJP to get rid of this “slavery”. Aditya is the son of Jagdish Chautala, the younger brother of Om Prakash Chautala.
“Today, BJP is contesting on all 90 seats, and I am sure that the BJP will form the government in Haryana. For the first time, Haryana has the chance to elect a government that is committed to serving the state with utmost honesty and dedication,” Aditya said.
“In the past, you have sometimes voted in the name of caste, sometimes under pressure, and sometimes by mistake – but today we all need to choose the BJP, and empower Prime Minister Narendra Modi to serve us all. I am campaigning for the BJP. I have been to Ellanabad, Ratia and Fatehabad. People are fed up of the Congress and INLD. Both have ruled this state, what have they ever done for Dabwali?”
Aditya asked his audience to choose the BJP for the sake of their children. “It is a question of your children’s future. Every vote that you cast will contribute towards ensuring their future. If you all want to get rid of slavery, you need to vote for BJP. You have a chance to get rid of the corrupt regimes of the INLD and Congress. If we lose this chance, our children will also lead lives of slavery like us.”

First look : Saif Ali Khan takes the right angle in Happy EndingPrint
The first look of the film that has Saif Ali Khan in a rugged jeans and shirt was released Wednesday morning.
Written by Apurva Singh , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 1:08 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 1:45 pm
Saif Ali Khan is back onscreen with his new romantic comedy ‘Happy Ending’. The first look of the film that has Saif Ali Khan in a rugged jeans and shirt was released Wednesday morning.
Saif , who was last seen in hit comedy ‘Humshakals’, plays the role of ‘Yudi’, a Hollywood writer. The first poster has Saif giving the typical ‘camera’ angle through which he may visualise his stories.
The film that is going to release in November this year is a romantic comedy also starring Ileana D’cruz opposite Saif .
‘Happy Ending’ is directed by Raj Nidimoru and Krishna DK. It is produced by Saif and Dinesh Vijan under their banner Illuminati Films.
The film also stars Govinda, Kalki Koechlin, while Preity Zinta and Kareena Kapoor will be seen in cameo appearances.
The film is an observation of the modern Indian man and woman. It has a take on love, relationships, marriage, friendships, plagiarism and happy endings.

Shiv Sena takes jibe at PM Modi s  56 inch chestSena, Cong attack Modi over border firing by Pak
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 08, 2014
First Published: 12:27 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:17 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
The Congress and the Shiv Sena used the border firing issue to attack Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday, saying he should focus on the country’s security with Pakistan pounding Indian posts along the border in Jammu over the past week.
 
An editorial in the Shiv Sena mouthpiece, Saamna, slammed Modi for spending time addressing election rallies across Maharashtra, saying Pakistan has been emboldened by the government's failure to take firm steps against the firing which has left eight civilians dead so far.
 
“Maharashtra politics can come later. The country’s security is important. Modiji, please stop tolerating the indiscretions of Pakistan,” said the Sena, an ally of the BJP for 25 years until they snapped ties last month over sharing of seats in the state assembly polls.
 
In an obvious jibe at Modi who often talked of his 56-inch chest at his election rallies, the Shiv Sena said you don’t need a “56-inch chest” to protect the interests of the nation.
Read: Why is PM soft on Pak, China, asks Rahul
 
“Whether a 56-inch chest can save the country or not is debatable. But if you have the will to protect your country, then anyone can do it,” said the editorial
 
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi also hit out at Modi, saying he had done nothing to stop the Pakistani shelling which has wounded more than 70 people and forced thousands to abandon their homes along the border.
 
“Before the Lok Sabha polls, Modi used to speak of adopting an aggressive approach towards China and Pakistan. Now, despite so many provocations, the PM is not doing anything for the last three months,” Gandhi said at his first campaign rally for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly elections at Mahad in Raigad district.
 
“When the Prime Minister was enjoying a swing with the Chinese President, thousands of their soldiers were occupying our land in Ladakh,” he said.
 
The shooting, which started more than a week ago, has seen some of the most intense violence between India and Pakistan in about a decade.
 
The firing has strained India-Pakistan relations which hit a low after New Delhi called off foreign secretary-level talks in August following the Pakistani high commissioner’s meeting with Kashmiri separatist leaders.
                                                                                                                      
This year has been particularly volatile along the border and the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir, which is due for assembly polls as Pakistan typically ratchets up border tensions every time the state holds elections.
With agency inputs

10 clean cities that make India proudHi Guest
10 clean cities that make India proud
Chandigarh has emerged as the cleanest city in India as per a study conducted by the ministry of urban development.   Dancers perform during the Republic Day celebrations in the northern Indian city of Chandigarh January 26, 2011. India celebrated its 62nd Republic Day on Wednesday.Ajay Verma/Reuters Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s nationwide ‘Clean India campaign’ or Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is very well received by the masses and celebrities alike.  Be it celebrities ...

GSK Consumer Healthcare picks Zubair Ahmed for global role in JV with NovartisE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Official says beer bars are too hot in VietnamVietnamese men drink beer at an outdoor beer parlor in Hanoi, Vietnam on Wednesday Oct. 8, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Hanoi | Posted: October 8, 2014 2:08 pm
A ministry official is proposing that the temperature in restaurants selling beer in Vietnam should not exceed 30 degrees Celsius (86 Fahrenheit), a rule that will be hard to enforce considering outdoor beer parlors are hugely popular in the country’s big cities.
Wednesday’s Tuoi Tre newspaper quoted Nguyen Phu Cuong, an official at the Ministry of Industry and Trade which was drafting the regulation, as saying the rule aims to “protect consumers.”
Many drinkers, however, say the proposal shows how out of touch officials are because of the popularity of the outdoor bars.
“The rules are not realistic,” said Nguyen Van Dan, 55, an engineer, who was sipping draught beer with salad and chicken at an outdoor beer parlor in downtown Hanoi. “They just can’t force us to drink beer in air-conditioned rooms.”
Tran Ngoc Son, 51, a businessman who was drinking beer with beef and peanuts at the same restaurant said drinking beer in outdoor restaurants was the “culture” for many Vietnamese.
“We just enjoy our beer at outdoors parlors much better than in air-conditioned places,” he said “We don’t need the government to take care for our health.”
Last year, Vietnam’s 90 million people consumed 3 trillion liters of beer, or 33.3 liters (8.8 gallons) per head, making them the top beer drinkers per capita in Southeast Asia.

Kesoram Industries puts Birla Tyre on the block; appoints BofA-ML for salePrices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
MUMBAI: BK Birla's Kesoram Industries has embarked upon a massive restructuring exercise which will pave the way for the inventual takeover of the company by Kumar Mangalam Birla . Sources with direct knowledge share that Kesoram Industries has decided to exit the tyre business and has mandated BofA-ML for the sale process.
The deal is at an initial stage and experts point out that the replacement value of Birla Tyre could be close to Rs 1,500 cr which is higher than its parent company, Kesoram Industries' current market capitalisation. Kesoram Industries has a huge debt pile of over Rs 4,500 cr and the sale of Birla Tyre will help the company in reducing its debt burden, a source said.
"Tyre sector has been attracting investor interest and this is an opportune time for the Birlas to sell the tyre manufacturing assets" an expert said.
BK Birla's company operates in four businesses including tyre, cement, rayon, heavy chemicals. Tyre business accounts for about 60% of its topline but the operational cost of the company is on the higher side which has impacted its performance. Birla Tyre has manufacturing facilities at Balasore in Odisha and Laksar near Haridwar in Uttaranchal.
According to sources close to the Birla Group, the rejig at Kesoram Industries is a sign of an eventual takeover of the company by KM Birla, as stated in BK Birla's will. KM Birla's Pilani Investments owns 24.9% stake in Kesoram which is just below the open offer trigger limit.
Kesoram Industries' spokesperson said, "We must clearly and categorically state that Kesoram Industries Limited is not aware of any of the developments indicated in the news stream. This makes the contents of the news stream speculative." Aditya Birla Group declined to respond to ET NOW's query.

ISI having ties with terror groups an open s...Barack Obama
(Panetta was the CIA Director…)
WASHINGTON: Pakistani spy agency ISI having close ties with terror groups is an open secret and this was the reason why the US did not share the intelligence about the raid on Osama bin Laden's hideout with Islamabad, former Defense Secretary and ex-CIA Director Leon Panetta has said.
"We had been discussing this for months, and it was an open secret that Pakistan's intelligence agency had ties to terrorist groups -- that, after all, was a major part of our rationale for not sharing our bin Laden intelligence with the ISI," Panetta wrote in his book 'Worthy Fights: A Memoir of Leadership in War and Peace' which hit the stores yesterday.
Panetta was the CIA Director in the first term of the Obama Administration and was also his Defense Secretary later.
In both these position, Panetta was a strong advocate of US-Pakistan relationship and always came out in strong defense of ISI and the Pakistan Army whenever there were allegations of the spy agency having links with the terrorist outfit.
In fact, while serving in the Obama administration - both as CIA chief and Defense Secretary - Panetta always issued certificates to ISI on allegations of its links with terror outfit. However, in his latest book, the first after he left the Obama Administration some two years ago, Panetta speaks in an altogether different tone.
"One of the most complicated international relationships to manage in my years with President Obama was that between the United States and Pakistan," Panetta wrote.
"At their core, both countries realized we needed each other's help, but we didn't trust each other. It showed," the former Defense Secretary added.
Referring to the remarks of the then Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mike Mullen, before a Senate Committee, Panetta said Mullen spoke the truth that day.
"For the most part, our uneasiness concerning Pakistan was unspoken. We grumbled about it in the inner circles of government, but made nice in public. Then, on September 22, Admiral Mullen, approaching the end of his tenure as chairman of the Joint Chiefs, told a blunt truth and did so publicly," Panetta wrote.
"Testifying before the Senate Armed Services Committee, and with me sitting beside him, Mullen announced that the Haqqani network, a leading insurgent group fighting against American forces in Afghanistan, was a 'veritable arm of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence Agency'," Panetta says.
"That network, he added, was behind a recent attack on the American embassy in Kabul as well as a June 28 attack against the Inter-Continental Hotel in that same city. In effect, Mullen accused our Pakistani allies of suborning attacks on American forces, diplomats, and citizens. That was sure to cause a controversy, and it did, but I was in some ways surprised by the expressions of shock," Panetta writes, noting that such a statement from Mullen was an open secret.
"As he usually did, Mullen spoke the truth at the hearing that day; as is too often the case, there were repercussions. Pakistani officials called his testimony 'irresponsible' and said his comments threatened to rupture relations between our countries," the former CIA Director said.
"Things went from bad to worse over the next few months. On November 26, International Security Assistance Forces, the formal name for our coalition in Afghanistan, came under attack along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border, with incoming rounds emanating from the Pakistani side," he said.
"The ISAF soldiers attempted to contact their Pakistani counterparts over the radio, but received no response. They then opened fire with a counteroffensive, calling in aircraft gunships to defend their positions. The battle ended with 28 Pakistani soldiers dead. Pakistan was outraged," he wrote.
In his book, Panetta writes how he prevented the US from issuing an apology, which was being advocated by the State Department. But the White House supported him.
"Within the administration, there was a pitched debate about whether to apologise. State Department officials responsible for managing our relationship with Pakistan wanted us to say we were sorry and get on with it, while I thought we should express our regrets but only apologise if we concluded we were to blame," he writes.
"I braced for the White House to side with State, but in this case McDonough told Jeremy that if we didn't think we had something to apologise for, we shouldn't. That gave me the political cover I needed to rebuff State's apology caucus," Panetta writes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Charge sheet copies furnished in pipe bomb planting caseUpdated: October 8, 2014 14:19 IST
Charge sheet copies furnished in pipe bomb planting case
R. Sivaraman
Special Arrangement The accused in pipe bomb planting case argue with policemen outside the court complex in Puducherry on Tuesday.
Pipe bomb plating case adjourned to October 27
Six members of the banned Tamil Nadu Liberation Army, who had been charge-sheeted by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) for planting pipe bombs at the residences of former Union Finance Minister P.Chidambaram and former Union Minister for State V. Narayanasamy, were produced before the Sessions Court on Tuesday.
The NIA had arrested R.Thiruselvam (36), M. Thangaraj alias Thmizharasan (38), G. Kaviarasan (29), R. Kalailingam (37) and A. John Martin of Sivagangai district and V.Karthik(28) of Madurai last February.
The Principal District and Sessions Judge P.Velmurugan who is also special judge for NIA cases, furnished copies of chargesheet filed by NIA to all the accused.
On January 29, they allegedly planted a pipe bomb beneath a Hyundai i20 car parked in front of the residence of Mr. Narayanasamy on Ellaiamman Koil Street and also threw around 25 pamphlets which claimed the organisation was involved in planting of the pipe bomb. The Minister’s private secretary noticed the explosive device and the local police registered the case.
Later the NIA was entrusted with investigating the case since February 2.
On February 11, Madurai police recovered pipe bomb near Reliance Mart at Uthankudi and the substance was similar to the bomb from Puducherry.
During the course of investigation, Madurai police arrested all six persons and seized incriminating materials from their possession.
After completion of investigation, the agency filed charge sheet against the six persons.
After furnishing chargesheet, the judge adjourned the case for framing of charges on October 27.
When an accused attempted to give a copy of chargesheet to advocate A.Karthikeyan, a police officer in the escort team objected to it. Then heated arguments ensued among the accused, advocates and escort team outside court complex.

MM Financial may touch Rs 288-290: Kunal BothraLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
M&M Financial may touch Rs 288-290: Kunal Bothra
According to Kunal Bothra of LKP Securities, Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services may touch Rs 288-290.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Kunal Bothra of LKP Securities told CNBC-TV18, " Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services is one of the few stocks which is still holding on to its 200 days moving average. In fact on daily charts we look at the moving average crossover and 50 and 200 day moving average crossover is what we have seen today for the stock. It is also called as some sort of a golden crossover. So it is a good sign for M&M Finance."
"I believe that a very short-term uptrend could start on M&M Finance from 2-3 day perspective and a target of Rs 288-290 is possible in M&M Finance keeping a stoploss of Rs 274," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Vir Das keeps the audience in splitsTop Bollywood Divas Who Did Not Wear Red At Their Weddings
Vir Das's riskiest jokes
In keeping with the edginess of the rock 'n' roll theme of the 2014 GQ Men Of The Year Awards, host Vir Das had the audience cracking up with his signature tongue-in-cheek humour. Presenting the stand-up comic at his snarky best.
By -GQ Staff | GQIndia –  Tue 7 Oct, 2014 4:07 PM IST
Share 0
In keeping with the edginess of the rock 'n' roll theme of the 2014 GQ Men Of The Year Awards, host Vir Das had the audience cracking up with his signature tongue-in-cheek humour. Presenting the stand-up comic at his snarky best.
Imran Khan helps Vir pick a formal suit
Imran: GQ thought you needed a little more GQ. I’m here to convert you. Now, the first thing we need for you is a colour. I have a crazy idea, how about black?
Vir: Wait what black? Like 'Kabir Bedi moustache' black or 'Lalit Modi money' black?
Imran: Not that black, like 'Anurag Kashyap comedy' black.
On snagging a hot date
Vir: Hot chicks don’t like college professors – I mean apart from Padma Lakshmi.
On finding a sole mate
Imran: You need shoes. What kind?
Vir: Crocs?
Imran: This is the GQ Awards not the Virginity Awards.
 
On censorship 
Vir: I had a really edgy joke for Media Personality of the Year. It was this really cool joke on how the media functions, the inner power plays – really telling the truth about the media industry and its political and economic influences which actually impact our lives in hidden ways. But then I was told that if I did the joke Reliance would buy GQ magazine, so lets move on.
 
On what makes the Ultimate GQ Man
Vir: You could have just made love. A GQ man will smoke a cigarette; an ultimate GQ man will compliment you on the Egyptian cotton of your sheets.
 
On whether Nargis Fakhri is more rock 'n' roll than him
Your debut film [Rockstar] was about an angry dude screaming at people for three hours. We don’t have people like that at tonight’s show – Arnab Goswami didn’t RSVP.
 
Vir: What makes you so international?
Nargis: I have an American accent.
Vir: So does Frieda Pinto. Grew up in Bandra, bought it at Duty Free.
 
Sometimes the GQ team just needs a moment...
Nargis Fakhri: Has anyone cried yet?
Vir: Yes, Che the editor has been weeping since it started. 
Nargis: He’s happy with the attendance? 
Vir: No, he just really likes Jackie Shroff.
 
On what fashion mags have been missing out on
You never see just Anil Kapoor on the cover of Femina – “21 New Summer Hairstyles…for Your Chest”.
 
On existential crises and the bigger thinner picture
It won't matter what happened tonight. I know you’re here and your main aim is to look thinner than each other.
 

9 amazing ideas for your big fat Indian wedding9 Amazing Fun Ideas For Your Big Fat Indian Wedding
Bollywoodshaadis.com –  Mon 6 Oct, 2014 6:15 PM IST
Share 0
Every wedding should be an affair to remember. Well, this is what we at BollywoodShaadis.com truly believe! It should be fun and have your signature style in it. No, it does not mean that everything has to be expensive or over the top. You can just include few simple and fun things during your wedding ceremonies to make it a little hatke from the others.
And no, you need not be a billionaire or a millionaire to implement these ideas. In fact, these ideas are pocket-friendly and can be opted by any one. So, all those who want to add little fun and masti to their wedding, here are some exciting ideas, which will surely leave your guest pleased.
#1. Place chappals or flip flops
Recommended Read: Unique and Creative Ideas to Welcome the Newlyweds to their Reception Party
Place the box of chappals or flip flops near the dance floor for your guests, especially the ladies out there. This will give them a chance to kick off those heels and get into comfortable footwear before hitting the dance floor.
Via: Etsy
Remember, how people gather around DJ and request songs at weddings, or how at times guests say, “Why is he playing such old tracks? Why can’t he play that hit track?” Well, you can avoid all this fuss at your sangeet or even at your wedding by placing a DJ request box.
Via: Etsy
You can even add a line for the DJ song request for your sangeet and mehendi. This way, everyone can have their own little tune played on the day.
Are you brainstorming over what songs to request? Read: Best Indian Wedding Songs of Bollywood
#3. Ask for advice
Via: BHLDN
Everyone loves to give advice. Especially, if it is marriage related. So, why not make the guests pen down such advices for you and your life partner. Will not that be great? You can either set up an advice booth or place advice cards on tables or can serve the drinks on coasters and ask them to write on them.
Via: BHLDN
Recommended Read: 6 Post-wedding Fun Games for Newlyweds
#4. Serve beer or cocktail in style
Give that sophisticated bar to serve cocktails or beers a miss. Use water coolers to serve cocktails. What's more? You can also serve alcoholic chuskis. Yes, instead of kalla khatta, go for a vodka flavoured chuski for your wedding.
Don't Miss: Give Your Wedding Invitations a Unique and Creative Twist
#5. Tattoo your guests
What is a better way to make your guests remember your wedding for a really long time than tattoos? Don't get us wrong, we are not talking about the permanent ones. Just some simple, romantic and personalised temporary tattoos can do the trick.
Via: Something Turquoise (left); Etsy (right)
So, get some temporary tattoos made and keep them by the entry way. Just make sure that there is someone on the door who helps your guests with putting the tattoos on. This is another amazing idea to add some spunk to your pre or post wedding functions as well.
Recommended Read: Best Fashion Ideas to Dress Up Your Kid for the Wedding Season
#6. Serve snacks in a unique way
Instead of serving chaats in the traditional way, why not add a stylish twist to it too? You can serve chat pappri in martini glasses. What’s more? Apart from regular fast food counters, have a fun and innovative popcorn counter as well. Have a counter where you can keep different types of flavoured popcorns for your guests to choose and enjoy. This can especially be a fun idea to add to your cocktail or mehendi functions.
Image Courtesy: Erica Velasco Photographers
What’s more? It can become an innovative, convenient and interesting late night snack to serve during the pheras. You can also have a popcorn cart or hire rad fast food truck/van for guests to beat hunger pangs.
If you are looking for more fun food related ideas for your wedding, then Read: 7 Interesting Substitutes to Indian Wedding Sweets
#7. Chalk out your love story
Image Courtesy: Erica Velasco Photographers
This is especially for those couples who wish to involve their loved ones on their wedding journey. Don't just let them know about how you met or when you proposed, etc. Write it all down for them to read.
Images Courtesy: Tyler Gould Photography (left); Ashley Photographer (right)
Yes, take a black board and some colourful chalks and write down your complete wedding journey on it. Now, what can be more personalised than this, right?
Not only your wedding, you should also make your engagement announcement in style. Want to know how? Read: Cool and Unique Ways to Announce Your Engagement in Style
#8. Fun Photo Booth
Image Courtesy: Robin Saini Photography
Photos are exciting and memorable. So, set up a photo booth at your wedding. This will give your photos an amazing background and as well as give you some amazing candid pictures. You can also add to the booth, some more unique props, like huge goggles, sign boards, etc. to up the level of quirk.
Image Courtesy: Robin Saini Photography
If your wedding will be unique, then your honeymoon should match up too, right? Well, then you must read: 5 Most Exotic Wonders of the World for a Romantic and Unique Honeymoon
#9. Plan a wedding sports match
Image Courtesy: Arjun Kartha Photography
Here is a fun way to break some ice, and add some excitement into the traditional affair. You can plan a cricket, volleyball or football game between the groom’s team and bride’s team or boys vs. girls, whichever way you like it best. It will work as an ice breaker and everyone will have a great time for sure.
With so many options, we are sure you will definitely pick up some ideas for your wedding. These ideas will definitely make your wedding a fun and a memorable affair.
YOU MAY LIKE TO READ:
1 - 4 of 50

IT & pharma out of favourThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Do politicians care about America anymoreThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

EPIC RESEARCH : - Daily Equity Report Of 08 October 2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Jihadists pull back in Syria s Kobane after strikes: monitorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

To make money in indian pharma company nowadays  investors need to hav...Silver Member
28 Followers
To make money in indian pharma company nowadays, investors need to have a heart made of steel. As daily either a product approval comes and stock up 5% or a usfda audit and stocks tanks 5%.
2.33 PM Oct 8th  | Track

Positional buy 2450 ce @ 47 and hold.Silver Member
26 Followers
Please look at 2600 CE. It is a RISK but worth according to me. CMP - 18. Buy and HOLD till next week.. Lets see..
11.48 AM Oct 9th

Yes i endorse this strategy;at this price its a saleCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Isko kaya ho raha haiiiiCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Why This World-Famous Beach May Soon Need a New Name
Here are the Apple iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus prices you have been waiting forThe iPhone 6, at left, and iPhone 6 plus are shown next to each other during a new product release in Cupertino, Calif. (Source: AP photo)
Tech Desk | Posted: October 6, 2014 1:14 pm | Updated: October 6, 2014 3:59 pm
 
Apple iPhone  6 and iPhone 6 Plus will start selling in India from Friday, October 17 with the cheapest of the phones priced at Rs 53,500. Pre-orders for the two phones will begin Tuesday, October 7.
The Apple iPhone 6 16GB is priced Rs 53,500, the 64Gb at Rs 62,500 and 128GB at Rs 71,500. The Apple iPhone 6 Plus  will be priced Rs 62,500, 64GB at Rs 71,500 and 128GB at Rs 80,500.
This will make the new iPhones the costliest mobile phones available in the Indian market.
Apple partner Ingram Micro has announced that it will offer iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus at leading modern trade stores and retail outlets across India beginning from 12:01am on October 17. Customers can pre-order both models beginning 12:01am on Tuesday, October 7 at the major retail outlets of the partners.

Some memorable momentsUpdated: October 7, 2014 00:29 IST
Some memorable moments
Hockey
A gold medal in hockey in the Asian Games is always a great moment to cherish, rare that it has been since the sport was introduced in the Games in 1958. India’s triumph in the 17th edition of the Games in Incheon, Korea, only its third, at the expense of eight-time champion Pakistan, should once again revive interest in the national game that had plunged to an all-time low at the London Olympic Games only two years ago. The victory in the final in the tiebreaker against its neighbour helped India cap a successful second-week campaign after it had stuttered embarrassingly even behind a few island- nations at the beginning. The coaching staff in hockey, who might have faced the axe had there been a failure, should be retained now as India prepares for the Rio Olympics, for which it has automatically qualified as the Asian Games champion. Hockey apart, there were gold medals for India in athletics, kabaddi, tennis, archery, shooting, squash, boxing and wrestling. But the eventual medals tally of 57 including 11 gold, fell short of expectations. The eighth place on the medals table, compared to the sixth four years ago, has put India almost back where it was in Doha in 2006 when the country had 53 medals including 10 gold. There were of course quite a few memorable moments for India, besides hockey, not least of all the iconic Manipuri boxer M.C. Mary Kom’s maiden title in the Games, and the runaway victory for the women’s relay team.
China expectedly topped the medals tally with 342 including 151 gold, no matter that its domination was slightly eroded. That India came behind countries such as North Korea and Thailand should once again bring the focus onto our near-stagnating sports standards. With meagre resources, inadequate infrastructure, limited foreign exposure and a constant tussle between the national sports federations and the government, Olympic sport in the country has continued to struggle. The Sports Authority of India did well to prevent the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) from fielding a jumbo-sized contingent including 662 athletes, but even in the pruned list of 516 competitors there were dozens of ‘also-rans’, who predictably failed. If it could be any consolation, the rest of South Asia put together managed only a dozen medals including two gold medals in cricket, a sport where the BCCI stubbornly refused to field a team. Prioritisation of sports disciplines should be the key area for the government to focus on, instead of spreading its resources thin. It should spell out its policy and selection criteria to the IOA at least a year ahead of such games so as to avoid the kind of controversy that forced some of the athletes to approach the courts to gain clearance for their Korean sojourn.

Today in pics: Delhi girl Jahnvi s mother addresses a press conferencepicture  others
Today in pics: Delhi girl Jahnvi’s mother addresses a press conference
3yr-old Jahnvi with her mother at a press conference in New Delhi on Tuesday.  (Source: PTI)
Jahnvi, who went missing from India Gate last week was found in West Delhi's Janakpuri area on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Jahnvi during a press conference in New Delhi on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
AIADMK members carry ten thousand and eight holy milk pots and offer prayer for the release of AIADMK Supremo J Jayalalitha in Coimbatore on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
AIADMK members carry ten thousand and eight holy milk pots and offer prayer for the release of AIADMK Supremo J Jayalalitha in Coimbatore on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Related

From Mourinho to Materazzi to usUpdated: October 12, 2014 12:22 IST
From Mourinho to Materazzi to us…
Ayon Sengupta
The Hindu Bernard Mendy. Photo: K.V. Srinivasan
TOPICS
soccer
Of the 49 foreign players who entered the player draft for the inaugural Indian Super League (ISL), former French defender and Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) star Bernard Mendy was the top pick.
The 33-year-old, who is set to marshal Chennaiyin FC’s defence, spoke to The Hindu on ISL, its role in Indian football and on manager Marco Materazzi.
Excerpts:
Why did you choose ISL?
I had the choice to stay in France, but I accepted this challenge. I have played in England, France and Denmark. So, why not here? My agent spoke to me about it. Then players like Olivier Dacourt and [Nicolas] Anelka made my choice easy.
Were you easily convinced?
I didn’t know much about Indian football. I knew cricket was big. But here, we now have a good project for the Indian players. So I came here to see what I can do and help the Indian players get better.
What role do you think ISL will play?
We can help everybody: the players, the academies. PSG now has an academy in Delhi. Why not in Chennai? It will be good for the city. The younger generation likes football. They watch Cristiano Ronaldo, [Lionel] Messi and want to play like them.
What are your first impressions of the Indian players? Where do they lack — technically or physically?
It has been good. They want to learn. Some are strong and some small. I like one guy called Abhishek [Das]. He listens a lot and asks a lot of questions. He wants to learn. Everybody wants to learn. But, with him, it’s more. He also plays like me in the defence. So he is like my little brother.
You were the top pick at the player draft. How did it feel?
I was happy to be the first. But I have a lot of responsibility along with Elano, and [Mikel] Silvestre. I am a leader and I need to prove that every time.
How is Materazzi as a manager and what are his tactics?
I was very surprised. I know him as a very good player, but he has been a good manager too. He is, basically, a bit defensive. He played under [Jose] Mourinho who is number one in the world. So he is trying to use what he learnt from Mourinho. You can see that in the training sessions. It’s flowing from Mourinho to him and from him to us.
People talk about how you beat Roberto Carlos once; close to 100m in 10.5 seconds. Do you still have that pace?
Yeah. But you should ask the Indian players. It’s funny. Every club I go to, they watch that video. I’ll do my best here too. I might not play in the same position [right-back] because I will be used more centrally. Since we will be playing every three days, the players might not be fit enough for every game. So, I can play at right-back too.

Flipkart sends apology mail to customers after its flop  A Billion Dollar SaleOct 09, 2014 at  10:21am IST
Flipkart sends apology mail to customers after its botched 'Big Billion Day Sale'
4
1
New Delhi: E-retailer Flipkart's "The Big Billion Day Sale" on Monday started with a roar and ended in a whimper. While many customers failed to log in, others could not book their desired products.
A day later, Flipkart admitted that the company was not prepared for the mega rush for its offer. The company sent an apology email to customers and also posted on its official blog.
On Monday, a different kind on enthusiasm was seen among Indian online buyers as the India's largest e-retailer Flipkart had announced several out-of-the-box schemes under their "Big Billion Day Sale" offer.
Flipkart sent an apologising mail to customers for the discomfort their special sale offer created among the buyers.
#flipkart #billion dollar sale #online shopping #apology mail
The online retail website crashed a number of times as the sale started at 8 am on Monday. A number of error pages were encountered and the enthusiasm of the customers who have been excited about the offers till then turned into despair.
Although Flipkart claimed to have got a billion hits for its special sales offer on Monday, but millions of buyers felt cheated on its discounts, as they alleged the prices quoted were higher, even as its portal crashed during the day.
The e-retailer boasts of 22 million registered users with four-million daily visits and delivers five million shipments a month.
Full Text of the mail:
Dear Customer,
Yesterday was a big day for us. And we really wanted it to be a great day for you. But at the end of the day, we know that your experience was less than pleasant. We did not live up to the promises we made and for that we are really and truly sorry.
It took enormous effort from everyone at Flipkart, many months of preparation and pushing our capabilities and systems to the limit to be able to create this day. We were looking at fulfilling the dreams of millions of Indian consumers through deals and offers we had painstakingly put together for months.
And though we saw unprecedented interest in our products and traffic like never before, we also realized that we were not adequately prepared for the sheer scale of the event. We didn't source enough products and deals in advance to cater to your requirements. To add to this, the load on our server led to intermittent outages, further impacting your shopping experience on our site.
An unprecedented 1.5 million people shopped at Flipkart yesterday. While we stand humbled by the sheer faith that such a large number of customers have shown in us, we are unhappy that we were unable to live up to the expectations of millions more who wanted to buy from us yesterday.
And this is not acceptable to us.
Delighting you, and every single one of our customers, is absolutely the top most priority for Flipkart and we have worked very hard over the last seven years to earn your trust. Yesterday, we failed that trust. We have learnt some valuable lessons from this and have started working doubly hard to address all the issues that cropped up during this sale.
Price Changes As we were preparing various deals and promotional pricing in the lead up to the sale, the pricing of several products got ?changed to their non-discounted rates for a few hours?. We realise that this breaks the trust our customers have put in us. We are truly sorry for this and will ensure that this never happens again.
Out-of-stock Issues We ran out of the stock for many products within a few minutes (and in some cases, seconds) of the sale going live. For example, most of our special deals were sold out as soon as they went live. We had ensured availability, anywhere from hundreds to a few lakh units for various products, but it was nowhere near the actual demand. We promise to plan much better for future promotions and ensure that we minimise the out-of-stock issues.
Cancellations We had large number of people buying specific products simultaneously. This led to some instances of an order getting over-booked for a product that was sold out just a few seconds ago. We are working round-the-clock to ensure availability of additional units for these products and will do our level best to ensure that we minimise any cancellations.
Website Issues ?We realise that the shopping experience for many of you was frustrating due to errors and unavailability of the website at times. We had deployed nearly 5000 servers and had prepared for 20 times the traffic growth - but the volume of traffic at different times of the day was much higher than this. We are continuing to significantly scale up all our back end systems so that we do a much, much better job next time.
Everything that we have achieved at Flipkart is purely on the basis of our customer's trust and faith. This is why we come to work each day and continue to remain extremely passionate about building the best possible customer experience for Indian consumers. We failed to live up to this promise yesterday and would like to apologise once again to every single customer for our failure.
Thank you.

VASILY MAXIMOV / AFP - Getty Images
Sulu Islands - the last frontierBigg Boss 8
Sulu Islands: The last frontier
If you’re looking for breathtaking destinations off the beaten track, you might want to consider a trip to the islands of Sulu. Taveling to the Mindanao islands will also give you a chance to experience culture through unmediated interaction with the locals. It is too offbeat, however, that you would have to coordinate with the 2nd Marine Brigade of the Philippine MArin Corps or the Sulu Tourism Council for security purposes.
About the photographer:
Mon Corpuz , Filipino, is a usability architect based in Manila. He shoots non-fiction photography; landscapes, long exposures, festivals and social documentaries during travel. In 2008, he put up the photography-based volunteer group Black Pencil Project with advocacies focused on child primary education in remote and indigenous communities in the Philippines.
Tambanan Lagoon, Gujangan Island, Sulu (Photo courtesy of Mon Corpuz)

Strides Arcolab shares jump after board approved special dividendE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ballarpur Ind shares end 8% higher as IFC to invest in unitE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nigeria shows Ebola is not unstoppableOctober 7, 2014 6:31 pm
Nigeria shows that Ebola is not unstoppable
By Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala
With a co-ordinated response, the virus can be vanquished, writes Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40681db2-4d5e-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

All at fault and none to blame at TescoOctober 7, 2014 5:38 pm
At Tesco everyone is at fault and no one to blame
By Hugh Willmott
Audit firms cannot be relied upon to challenge their clients, writes Hugh Willmott
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/71118e80-4a20-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LED There Be Light: 3 Share Nobel for Blue DiodeKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Barclays upgrades RIL to overweight; stock gainsBarclays upgrades RIL to overweight; stock gains
By Reuters | 8 Oct, 2014, 10.39AM IST
0
Share More
It expects earnings to be more than double in the subsequent five years starting second half of FY16. The valuations reasonable relative to history and global peers, it added.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Reliance Industries gained 0.5 per cent in early trade on Wednesday after Barclays upgraded to "overweight" from "equal weight".
At 10:36 a.m., the stock was up 0.90 per cent and was trading at Rs 934.95, up Rs 8.30.
It expects earnings to be more than double in the subsequent five years starting second half of FY16. The valuations reasonable relative to history and global peers, it added.
Reliance was trading at 10.7 times of 1-year forward earnings, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Punj Lloyd surges 10% on bagging defence dealsYou are here: Home > Collections
Punj Lloyd rallies 10% on fund raising plans, defence deals
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 09.36AM IST
Tags:
endorsements
(Punj Lloyd Ltd rallied as…)
NEW DELHI: Punj Lloyd Ltd rallied as much as 10.05 per cent in trade on Wednesday after media reports suggested that the engineering firm plans to divest assets that aren't key to its main business by the end of October.
Punj Lloyd seeks to raise upwards of Rs.1,000 crore to pare debt and make new investments. The company may sell its 17% stake in Medanta Medicity Hospitals and some of its offshore barges, added the report.
At 09:20 a.m.; Punj Lloyd was trading 7.8 per cent higher at Rs 38.60. It hit a low of Rs 37.60 and a high of Rs 39.40 in trade today.
In a bid to boost domestic defence manufacturing, the commerce ministry Tuesday said it has cleared 33 proposals in the sector. Of the 33 proposals, Punj Lloyd managed to bag licences that they had been waiting for.
"Similarly, the promoters of Punj Lloyd together have a 37 per cent stake, which restricted a wholly owned subsidiary's ability to bag licences to manufacture torpedoes, rocket launchers and combat vehicle," TOI reported.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SBI gains 1.5%; CLSA maintains buy  target of Rs 3160Oct 08, 2014, 11.02 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SBI gains 1.5%; CLSA maintains buy, target of Rs 3160
The brokerage maintains buy on the stock with a target price of Rs 3,160 based on 1.5x September-16 consolidated adjusted price-to-book.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SBI gains 1.5%; CLSA maintains buy, target of Rs 3160
The brokerage maintains buy on the stock with a target price of Rs 3,160 based on 1.5x September-16 consolidated adjusted price-to-book.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  State Bank of India gained as much as 1.5 percent intraday Wednesday. Brokerage house CLSA said India's largest lender is its top pick among PSU banks given its strong deposit franchise, well capitalised balance sheet and focus on profitability.
The brokerage maintains buy on the stock with a target price of Rs 3,160 based on 1.5x September-16 consolidated adjusted price-to-book.
CLSA said interactions with SBI indicated that it will focus on low-risk segments like large corporate and retail segment for loan growth. "While this can put some pressure on net interest margins (NIMs), recent cut in deposit rates can help to manage the impact. Fee growth can improve as cross-sell targets are knitted into staff’s appraisals; this will add to the benefits from cost controls," it added.
SBI, on September 30, reduced the pricing of short-term deposits of below Rs 1 crore to 6 percent from 7 percent now for a maturity of 7 to 45 days. On September 16, the nation's largest lender had cut the interest rate on medium-term deposits (one year to less than three years maturity) by 25 basis points to 8.75 percent and by 25 bps the medium-term deposit in the 180-210 days category to 7.25 percent.
The brokerage said during FY15, growth in SBI’s loan book will largely accrue from low-risk segments like large corporate (up 34 percent Y-o-Y in Q1) and retail. "Growth in SME loans can also improve, from -1 percent Y-o-Y in Q1, as it scales-up its new model where employees will own the client-relationship from approval-to-repayment versus a multi-layered model practiced until recently," it added.
According to the report, asset quality pressures can continue in the near-term, but SBI will benefit from improving economy and tighter underwriting standards.
"Although pressure is easing in SME loans (14 percent of loans; 9 percent NPL ratio), it remains relatively high in mid-corporate (18 percent of loans; 11 percent NPL ratio). Moreover, farm loan waivers in states of Andhra Pradesh/Telangana can
push-up NPLs till the issue is resolved. The deallocation of coal-blocks also raises some concerns and a timely resolution by the government will be a key for the banking sector," it elaborated.
At 10:26 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 2,398.00, up Rs 28.20, or 1.19 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to visit India on October 9; to meet PM Narendra ModiOct 08, 2014 at 10:32am IST
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to visit India on October 9; to meet PM Narendra Modi
137
0
New Delhi: After Sheryl Sandberg, its now the turn of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to visit India, the second biggest market for the social networking giant, later this month.
Zuckerberg, who will also meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi, will be in India to address the first Internet.org summit taking place on October 9-10 in the city. The young billionaire is expected to meet members of other key ministries as well.
Zuckerberg is the third high profile CEO of a US-based corporation, after Amazon's Jeff Bezos and Micrsoft's Satya Nadella, to visit India in last few days.
Zuckerberg is the third high profile CEO of a US-based corporation, after Amazon's Jeff Bezos and Micrsoft's Satya Nadella, to visit India in last few days.
#internet #facebook #mark zuckerberg #internetorg
'Internet.Org' aims to make Internet access affordable for people across the globe.
Focussed on enabling the next five billion people without Internet access to come online, the founding members of the project include Facebook, Ericsson, MediaTek, Nokia, Opera, Qualcomm and Samsung.
The partners are collaborating on developing lower-cost, higher-quality smartphones and deploying Internet access in under-served communities.
The Internet.org summit will bring together experts, officials and industry leaders to focus on ways to deliver more Internet services for people in languages other than English.
Zuckerberg will also meet Modi to talk about how Facebook and the Indian government can collaborate on Internet.org. In July, Facebook's Chief Operating Officer Sandberg visited India. She had met Modi, who has effectively used social networking during his election campaign and later even in governance.
When Modi met Sandberg, he had suggested the use of Facebook for improving governance, better interaction between people and the government, and to attract more tourists to India.
India is an important market for the social networking company. With over one billion users globally, the company gets over 100 million users from India. Many of these users log onto the website from their mobile devices.
According to research firm eMarketer, the number of users in India will touch 108.9 million by the end of the year as compared to 77.8 million in 2013.
44

Fertiliser stocks rally  SBI and LT gain; Sensex choppyOct 08, 2014, 12.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Fertiliser stocks rally, SBI and L&T gain; Sensex choppy
Larsen and Toubro rallied 2 percent after its subsidiary L&T Tech Services said it will acquire Dell's engineering services business. Competition Commission of India has approved the proposed deal.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Fertiliser stocks rally, SBI and L&T gain; Sensex choppy
Larsen and Toubro rallied 2 percent after its subsidiary L&T Tech Services said it will acquire Dell's engineering services business. Competition Commission of India has approved the proposed deal.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:55am Brent crude in focus
Brent crude futures fell below USD 91 a barrel to their lowest since June 2012, holding to a months-long tumble in prices as lower economic growth forecasts raised new concerns about global oil demand amid rising US inventory levels.
The International Monetary Fund on Tuesday cut its global economic growth forecasts for the third time this year, warning of weaker growth in core eurozone countries, Japan and big emerging markets like Brazil.
While the IMF kept the growth outlook for China, the world's No.2 oil consumer, unchanged at 7.4 percent for this year, it saw the risk of a hard landing in the medium term due to concerns over excess industrial capacity and credit issues, reports Reuters.
11:30am FII View
Ridham Desai, Morgan Stanley says for the past three months or so, quality has made a strong comeback underscoring a patient and rational market, something the brokerage house thinks that augurs well for those bullish on equities.
“In our view, the market remains in the midst of a big macro trade, which means sector positions should be wider. Our stock-picking approach remains to buy cyclicals and as usual, we would avoid beta,” he adds.
11:00am Market Check
The market continued to see volatility due to lack of triggers. The next trigger for the market is second quarter (July-September) earnings season that will be kicked off by Infosys on Friday.
The Sensex rose 16.73 points to 26288.70 and the Nifty advanced 6.10 points to 7858.50. About 1200 shares have advanced, 1034 shares declined, and 80 shares are unchanged.
 
Larsen and Toubro rallied 2 percent after its subsidiary L&T Tech Services said it will acquire Dell's engineering services business. Competition Commission of India has approved the proposed deal.
SBI climbed over a percent after CLSA said the lender is its top pick in the PSU banking space. It has a target price of Rs 3160 on the stock given bank's strong deposit franchise and focus to improve core performance.
Fertiliser stocks like RCF and Chambal Fertilizers rose 2-4 percent after CNBC Awaaz's report suggested that the government has notified new urea investment policy, saying plants will continue to receive subsidy for 8 years post commencement of production.
However, pharma stocks remained under pressure after the US Congress begun investigation into price hikes of 10 select generic drugs involving players like Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's Labs and Cadila Healthcare.
10:00

LT rises 2.5%  subsidiary to buy Dell s engg services bizOct 08, 2014, 11.52 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
L&T rises 2.5%, subsidiary to buy Dell's engg services biz
L&T Technology Services, the wholly owned subsidiary of USD 14.3 billion L&T group today announced the intent to acquire the assets of US-based Dell Product and Process Innovation Services (formerly eServ), the engineering services division of Dell, said the company in its filing to BSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
L&T rises 2.5%, subsidiary to buy Dell's engg services biz
L&T Technology Services, the wholly owned subsidiary of USD 14.3 billion L&T group today announced the intent to acquire the assets of US-based Dell Product and Process Innovation Services (formerly eServ), the engineering services division of Dell, said the company in its filing to BSE.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Larsen and Toubro (L&T) rebounded on Wednesday on the back of buying interest and its subsidiary L&T Technology Services' plan to acquire Dell's engineering services business. The stock gained as much as 2.5 percent intraday.
L&T Technology Services, the wholly owned subsidiary of USD 14.3 billion L&T group today announced the intent to acquire the assets of US-based Dell Product and Process Innovation Services (formerly eServ), the engineering services division of Dell, said the company in its filing to BSE.
It added that the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has approved the proposed transaction. The company is awaiting US regulatory approvals which are expected shortly.
According to company, the proposed transaction will significantly drive forward L&T Technology Services’ position as a premier engineering services provider by adding local delivery centers in North America.
"Dell Engineering Services also has delivery centers in Hyderabad and Bangalore in India. This enhances L&T Technology Services’ ability to offer differentiated technology solutions and full program management services by leveraging global-local talent base at any point in the product development cycle," it added.
The closure of transaction is expected around this quarter, subject to certain regulatory approvals.
"This is a tremendous opportunity for us to have a strong local presence in North America where a majority of our clients are based. That along with Dell Engineering Services’ strong expertise in Embedded, and Mechanical Design & Analysis and a history of successful relationships in North America will help us ride the next level of growth," said Keshab Panda, chief executive of L&T Technology Services.
 
At 11:23 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,448.10, up Rs 33.45, or 2.36 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Watch live:  Blood moon  total lunar eclipsemore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

OMCs gain as Brent falls to 27-month lowOMCs gain as Brent falls to 27-month low
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 12:45 PM IST
Shares of state owned oil marketing companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC are trading higher by up to 6% in otherwise subdued market on expectations that softening in Brent crude prices will help improve financials.
Shares of Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPCL) gained nearly 6% to Rs 513, also its 52-week high during intra-day trade on National Stock Exchange. At 1245 hours, the stock trading 4.3% higher at Rs 506.
Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) too trading higher by 3.5% to Rs 370 after hitting high of Rs 374 during intra-day trade, while Bharat Petroleum Corporation (BPCL) up 3% to Rs 669 on NSE.
The refiners' losses from selling diesel, LPG and kerosene at regulated prices may have been reduced or even eliminated by decline in Brent crude prices this year.
“Brent crude futures fell below $91 a barrel on Wednesday to their lowest since June 2012, holding to a months-long tumble in prices as lower economic growth forecasts raised new concerns about global oil demand amid rising U.S. inventory levels,” the Reuters report suggests.
 

Brent falls to 27-mth low under $91 | Will rupee see free fallBrent falls to 27-month low, under $91 on global growth, oil glut concerns
By Reuters | 8 Oct, 2014, 12.51PM IST
0
Share More
Brent for November delivery fell $1.18 to $90.93 by 0426 GMT, after hitting $90.76 earlier in the session, its lowest point since June 2012.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude futures fell below $91 a barrel on Wednesday to their lowest since June 2012, holding to a months-long tumble in prices as lower economic growth forecasts raised new concerns about global oil demand amid rising US inventory levels.
The International Monetary Fund on Tuesday cut its global economic growth forecasts for the third time this year, warning of weaker growth in core eurozone countries, Japan and big emerging markets like Brazil.
While the IMF kept the growth outlook for China , the world's No.2 oil consumer, unchanged at 7.4 per cent for this year, it saw the risk of a hard landing in the medium term due to concerns over excess industrial capacity and credit issues.
Asian investors were worried about overnight economic data from Germany that showed industrial output fell by a larger-than-expected 4 per cent in August, the biggest drop since the financial crisis in 2009, said Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at Sydney's CMC Markets.
The fall in output was a more immediate indicator of slowing growth than the IMF figures, McCarthy said.
"It shows the strong man of Europe is going down," McCarthy said.
"Growth concerns are on traders' minds, coupled with the glut in supply. The market is caught in a vortex of high supply and weak demand," said Ben Le Brun, market analyst at Sydney's OptionsXpress.
Brent for November delivery fell $1.16 to $90.95 by 0540 GMT, after hitting $90.76 earlier in the session, its lowest point since June 2012.
Oil prices have trended lower on oversupply and weak demand since mid-June, when Brent hit a nine-month high of $115.71.
West Texas Intermediate for November delivery dropped $1.07 to $87.79 a barrel, after falling to $87.39 earlier in the session, its lowest since April 2013.
US crude stocks climbed by 5.1 million barrels to 360 million in the week to Oct. 3, according to an inventory report on Tuesday from industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API). This was much larger than the build of 1.5 million barrels expected by analysts polled by Reuters.
"The US has a million barrels a day of oil due to the shale revolution, while there is softer growth in China. Japan is not firing on all cylinders," Le Brun said.
China's services sector weakened slightly in September as new business cooled, reflected in the services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit and released on Wednesday. The marker pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
Oil prices could fall further by the weekend although this would depend on how the dollar performed.
"A little bit of profit taking in the US dollar should support the commodities complex," Le Brun said.
The dollar index was at 85.841 in trade on Wednesday, off a four-year peak of 86.746 hit on Friday.
Brent could be around $90 a barrel by Friday, with US oil trending towards $85 a barrel, Le Brun said.
Geopolitical tensions could still provide some support to oil prices, but conflicts in the Middle East, North Africa and Ukraine have so far had only limited impact on crude output.
As fighting continued between Kurdish and Islamic State fighters for control of the Syrian Kurdish town of Kobani, the United States stepped up discussions with Turkey on Tuesday over its role in a US-led coalition fighting the Islamist militants in Syria.
Libyan oil production has slipped below 900,000 barrels per day (bpd), down from as high as 925,000 bpd last month, due to a sit-in protest at Sirte Oil Co by local residents demanding jobs, a source at the National Oil Corporation said on Tuesday.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Re @ 63 in near term  say experts; but will it sink to 70 over long term What experts sayYou are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Will rupee see free fall as US dollar strengthens?
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 01.02PM IST
Tags:
Abhishek Goenka
(According to analysts at…)
MUMBAI: The Indian rupee, along with other global currencies, is depreciating due to steadily firming US dollar on the back of improvement in the US economy. The Indian unit, which appreciated at 58.30 in the month of May due to strong dollar inflows, is on a decline. It weakened by five paise to 61.48 against the dollar in trade today. With expectation of interest rate hike in the US, the USD/INR is anticipated to remain in the bullish trend.
According to analysts at Standard Chartered , movement in the US Dollar index is far sharper than the rupee movement and is leading to its weakness. Build-up of long dollar and short rupee positions are seen. Hence some more downside is expected in the near to medium term.
Most forex analysts are of the view that INR has a strong support near the 63 level. The USD/INR pair is seen respecting a downside trendline from the past two years, diligently making it to be a very strong support line for the pair.
"The pair breached its upside trendline recently at 61 levels (September 2014). This marks a breakout (black colour circle in the chart) in triangular pattern; indicating a further upside for the pair," said Abhishek Goenka (Founder & CEO, India Forex Advisors.
"Going ahead, the upside trendline will now become the support line for the pair. Looking at the overbought condition in the stochastics, we might foresee some gains in the Indian rupee. In the coming 6 months, the Indian rupee is expected to target 63 plus levels," Goenka added. "The cluster of bearish candles that formed between 62.00 and 63.00 during October 2013 and February 2014 is now acting as a supply line," said Anindya Banerjee, Currency Derivatives Research Desk, Kotak Securities.
According to him, dips are expected to be well supported by the annual price average ribbon, which are located between 59.80 and 60.60 and they are right now rising at the rate of 20/25 paise every month.
"We can expect the US dollar/rupee to remain within a broad rectangular range for some months to come, possibly between 59.50/60.00 and 62.50/63.00 on spot," he said.
"As for trend, wait for either a bullish crossover in the long term oscillator, confirming the uptrend in USD/INR or breakdown in prices below the annual price averages ribbon on a monthly closing basis, thereby confirming the weakness in the momentum," he added.
Meanwhile, Mazhar Mohammad , Technical Research Strategist, Chartviewindia .in, cautions that a strengthening US Dollar Index can lead to a sharp fall in the rupee. The US Dollar Index was hovering around 85.89 in trade today.
"In the immediate short term, the level of 90 can act as a supply zone for USD, but we expect this supply to be absorbed as the Dollar Index witnessed multiple breakouts on long term charts. Once the level of 90 is conquered, then higher targets of 102 and 111 can't be ruled out on this index," Mohammad said. "Already INR has established its weakness by breaking its trend line support available on daily charts. Weakness may further get accelerated if INR closes above 62. Based on the weight of technical evidence with us, we expect INR to continue its bear market and hit a new low of 71 to the US dollar," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent Crude Falls to 27-Month Low on Global Growth ConcernsGovernment to Streamline Subsidies, Cheap LPG for Rich May Go: Finance Minister
Singapore:
Brent crude futures fell below $91 a barrel on Wednesday to their lowest since June 2012, holding to a months-long tumble in prices as lower economic growth forecasts raised new concerns about global oil demand amid rising US inventory levels.
The International Monetary Fund on Tuesday cut its global economic growth forecasts for the third time this year, warning of weaker growth in core eurozone countries, Japan and big emerging markets like Brazil.
While the IMF kept the growth outlook for China, the world's No.2 oil consumer, unchanged at 7.4 per cent for this year, it saw the risk of a hard landing in the medium term due to concerns over excess industrial capacity and credit issues.
Asian investors were worried about overnight economic data from Germany that showed industrial output fell by a larger-than-expected 4 per cent in August, the biggest drop since the financial crisis in 2009, said Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at Sydney's CMC Markets.
The fall in output was a more immediate indicator of slowing growth than the IMF figures, McCarthy said.
"It shows the strong man of Europe is going down," McCarthy said.
"Growth concerns are on traders' minds, coupled with the glut in supply. The market is caught in a vortex of high supply and weak demand," said Ben Le Brun, market analyst at Sydney's OptionsXpress.
Brent for November delivery fell $1.16 to $90.95 by 0540 GMT, after hitting $90.76 earlier in the session, its lowest point since June 2012.
Oil prices have trended lower on oversupply and weak demand since mid-June, when Brent hit a nine-month high of $115.71.
West Texas Intermediate for November delivery dropped $1.07 to $87.79 a barrel, after falling to $87.39 earlier in the session, its lowest since April 2013.
US crude stocks climbed by 5.1 million barrels to 360 million in the week to October 3, according to an inventory report on Tuesday from industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API). This was much larger than the build of 1.5 million barrels expected by analysts polled by Reuters.
"The US has a million barrels a day of oil due to the shale revolution, while there is softer growth in China. Japan is not firing on all cylinders," Le Brun said.
China's services sector weakened slightly in September as new business cooled, reflected in the services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit and released on Wednesday. The marker pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
Oil prices could fall further by the weekend although this would depend on how the dollar performed.
"A little bit of profit taking in the US dollar should support the commodities complex," Le Brun said.
The dollar index was at 85.841 in trade on Wednesday, off a four-year peak of 86.746 hit on Friday.
Brent could be around $90 a barrel by Friday, with US oil trending towards $85 a barrel, Le Brun said.
Geopolitical tensions could still provide some support to oil prices, but conflicts in the Middle East, North Africa and Ukraine have so far had only limited impact on crude output.
As fighting continued between Kurdish and Islamic State fighters for control of the Syrian Kurdish town of Kobani, the United States stepped up discussions with Turkey on Tuesday over its role in a US-led coalition fighting the Islamist militants in Syria.
Libyan oil production has slipped below 900,000 barrels per day (bpd), down from as high as 925,000 bpd last month, due to a sit-in protest at Sirte Oil Co by local residents demanding jobs, a source at the National Oil Corporation said on Tuesday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Nifty hovers around 7 850; Infosys  Wipro top losersNifty hovers around 7,850; Infosys, Wipro top losers
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 01:00 PM IST
Benchmark indices continue to remain volatile in a narrow range with Sensex and Nifty swinging between negative and positive zone.
At 13:00 PM, the 30-share Sensex was down 6 points at 26,266 and the 50-share Nifty was flat at 7,852.
Among broader markets, BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices have slipped between 0.3-0.4%.
The market breadth in BSE remains negative with 1,362 shares declining and 1,175 shares advancing.
The International Monetary Fund yesterday raised its growth forecast for India to 5.6% for FY 2015 from 5.4% predicted earlier. It has forecast 6.4% growth for India for FY 2016.
Further, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours yesterday showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 332.84 crore on that day.
The rupee is trading at 61.44 per dollar vs previous close of 61.43/44.
Meanwhile, India's international border with Pakistan remains tense as firing continued in 7 sectors of Jammu and Kashmir, according to reports.
GLOBAL MARKETS
Asian share markets were mostly in the red on Wednesday as worries about waning global growth lifted safe-haven bonds, while shoving oil prices to their lowest in more than two years.
Extending a three-month-long decline, Brent oil sank $1.18 to $90.93 a barrel while U.S. crude tumbled $1.07 to $87.78. The protracted slide should be a windfall for consumer spending power, but is also a powerful force for disinflation in much of the developed world.
In Asia, Japan's Topix shed 1.1% while the Nikkei dropped 1.0%. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 1%, while Australia's main index lost 0.9%.
China's markets bucked the trend as they returned from a week-long break, with Shanghai up 0.5%, though Hong Kong shed 0.7%.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE IT index has slumped by nearly 4% followed by counters like Healthcare, TECk and Consumer Durables, all falling down between 0.3-3%. However, BSE Capital Goods index has surged by almost 2% followed by counters like Oil & Gas, Power, Realty and Banks, all gaining by 1% each.
The main losers on the Sensex are Infosys, Wipro, Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy’s Labs, TCS, Cipla and Sesa Sterlite, all slipping between 1-4%.
Infosys, TCS and Wipro were down 2-4%, contributing the most to the Sensex losses.
Infosys is the top Sensex loser, down over 4%. The company will keenly watch Infosys' commentary regarding changes in its strategy under the new CEO, Vishal Sikka, when the company unveils its Q2 September 2014 results on Friday.
On the gaining side, BHEL, L&T, ONGC, Tata Steel and NTPC have gained between 1-3%.
Capital Goods stocks have gained on renewed buying. L&T Technology Services, the wholly owned subsidiary of L&T, announced the intent to acquire the asset of US based Dell Product and Process Innovation Services, the engineering services division of Dell.
SMART MOVES
Shares of state owned oil marketing companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC are trading higher by up to 6% in otherwise subdued market on expectations that softening in Brent crude prices will help improve financials.
Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPCL) has gained nearly 6% to Rs 513, also its 52-week high during intra-day trade on National Stock Exchange. At 1245 hours, the stock trading 4.3% higher at Rs 506.
Shares of Punj Lloyd are up over 6% at Rs 38 after the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) under ministry of commerce and industry cleared 33 big ticket defence deals, out of which 19 proposals were related to foreign direct investment (FDI).
KEC International has gained around 2% on BSE after getting new orders.

Infosys shares fall 5% on downgrade reportsInfosys shares fall 5% on downgrade reports
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 8:  
Shares of IT services major Infosys fell five per cent in early trade today amid reports of stock downgrade.
The company’s stock plunged 4.88 per cent to Rs 3,643.25 on the BSE.
On the NSE, it was down 4.96 per cent to Rs 3,641.
The stock was the biggest loser among the 30-bluechips on the Sensex.
As per media reports, global financial services major Citigroup has downgraded Infosys to ‘neutral’ from ‘buy’
Infosys will declare its July-September quarter earnings on Friday.
Meanwhile, in the broader market, the benchmark BSE Sensex was trading lower by 31.66 points at 26,240.31 during afternoon trade.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Court overturns immunity for Bahrain princeCourt overturns Bahraini prince’s immunity from prosecution
By Jane Croft in London and Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b07d9af6-4e25-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coal India divestment should begin after Diw...Coal India
(Govt wants to sell a 10% stake…)
MUMBAI: The government is likely to begin its Rs 43,425-crore divestment programme with the sale of 10 per cent stake in Coal India post-Diwali which may fetch around Rs 23,000-crore to the exchequer.
"Coal India divestment process should begin immediately after Diwali," Financial Markets Joint Secretary Manoj Joshi said on the sidelines of a capital market summit organised by industry body FICCI here today.
However, he quickly added that he is not from the divestment department.
The government plans to sell 10 per cent stake in Coal India Ltd (CIL), the world's largest coal producer. The government at present holds 89.65 per cent stake in CIL.
Shares of Coal India today closed 0.30 per cent higher at Rs 341.35 on the BSE here today. At current market price, 10 per cent stake should fetch around Rs 23,000 crore to the exchequer.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) last month had approved the disinvestment department's proposal to offload 10 per cent stake in CIL through Offer For Sale (OFS) route.
A successful CIL stake sale will help meet more than half of the total disinvestment target. .
A successful divestment process would help the government contain its market borrowing target of Rs 5.97 trillion or maintain fiscal deficit at 4.1 per cent of the GDP.
To meet its fiscal deficit target, the government has identified four major public sector units to be divested, namely Coal India, Steel Authority of India (SAIL) as well as National Hydro Power Corporation (NHPC), which could fetch the exchequer a total of around Rs 46,000 crore, which would include Rs 18,000 crore expected from the divestment of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC).
Buoyed by economic revival and tax collections, the government has likely stuck to its scheduled borrowing programme of Rs 2.3 trillion for the second half of the fiscal, so that it meets the 4.1 per cent fiscal deficit target.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government will look into Nokia plant issue:...Government will look into Nokia plant suspension issue, says Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 01.03PM IST
("We will certainly see how…)
NEW DELHI: With global giant Nokia announcing suspension of its Chennai mobile plant operations, the Centre today said it will look into the issue and make efforts to ensure that such incidents do not occur again.
"We will certainly see how best (such) matter don't occur again and we will encourage 'Make In India' campaign," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said here.
Sitharaman, who is also Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, was responding to queries on Nokia announcing suspension of its plant and whether it will affect the government's recently launched 'Make In India' campaign.
"This is an issue specifically related to a particular company and there is an issue on that. We are seized of the matter. We will look at it," she said.
On Tuesday, telecom firm Nokia Corp announced suspension of operations at its Chennai mobile handset plant from November 1 after Microsoft terminated an agreement to buy mobiles from the unit.
The company had said that the asset freeze imposed by the tax department prevents Nokia from exploring potential opportunities for the transfer of the factory to a successor to support the long term viability of the established, fully functional electronics manufacturing ecosystem.
The Finnish firm was forced to keep the factory out of a USD 7.5 billion deal for sale of its handset business to Microsoft Corp, due to tax dispute with Indian authorities.
Tax authorities allege that Nokia avoided paying taxes by wrongfully claiming an exemption on software exports. Nokia has challenged the claims of tax department in courts.
Nokia started manufacturing at Chennai plant in January 2006 and exported products to overseas markets, including the Middle East and Africa, Asia, Australia and New Zealand.
According to Nokia India Employees Union, there are about 900 employees still working at the factory. Following the Nokia-Microsoft deal, the voluntary retirement scheme was offered for employees and 5,700 of them opted for it, from the total of 6,600.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyclone Hudhud fast approaching Indian coastOct 08, 2014 at  02:18pm IST
Cyclone Hudhud heads to Indian coasts, to hit Andhra, Odisha on October 12
25
1
Bhubaneswar: Cyclone Hudhud is fast approaching the Indian coasts and is expected to hit Andhra Pradesh and Odisha on October 12.
A cyclonic storm will cross north Andhra Pradesh and adjoining Odisha coast by Sunday noon, IMD officials said on Wednesday.
"The Deep Depression over north Andaman Sea and neighbourhood ... intensified into a cyclonic storm 'Hudud' and lay centred at 0830 hours today over North Andaman Sea and adjoining Southeast Bay of Bengal," said an India Meteorological Department bulletin.
The cyclone developing over the Bay of Bengal is expected to hit northern Andhra Pradesh and south coastal Odisha around October 12.
#odisha #cyclone #hudhud #imd
"It is now crossing Andaman and Nicobar Islands close to Long Island. Thereafter, the system would continue to move west-northwestwards, intensified further into a severe cyclonic storm during the next 24 hours, subsequently into a very severe cyclonic storm and cross north Andhra Pradesh and adjoining Odisha coast between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur by Oct 12 noon," the bulletin said.
Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnail said that the state was ready to deal with the situation. "I have just reviewed the situation. All preparation have been made. All the concerned departments have contingency plans to face the situation," he told reporters.
The NDRF department too is on toes following the cyclone alert. "12 teams are ready. The cyclone is in deep depression. It can go into cyclonic storm. The speed is expected to be 140 kmph," said MK Yadav, Commander, NDRF.
It advised fishermen not to venture into the sea and asked those who have ventured into deep sea to return immediately.
(With inputs from IANS)

Facebook may launch a new anonymous messaging appOct 08, 2014 at 01:40pm IST
Facebook may launch a new anonymous messaging app
37
0
New York: Facebook is reportedly working to launch an app that gives users an option to share posts anonymously with one another.
The standalone app may also have health-focused features to connect users suffering from the same illnesses to create a kind of support network, New York Times reported.
According to the report, the app will allow people to use pseudonyms so they can have discussions about topics "which they may not be comfortable connecting to their real names".
The standalone app may also have health-focused features to connect users suffering from the same illnesses to create a kind of support network.
#facebook #anonymous messaging app #messaging apps
Whether the standalone app will connect to Facebook's main page and users' account is still not clear.
Earlier this year, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced that releasing new standalone apps would be a top priority for the social networking site.
Facebook has already launched an ephemeral messaging app called Slingshot.
The Facebook Messenger app has already been downloaded over 500 million times on Android-based devices.
Facebook-owned Instagram has also released a standalone private messaging app called Bolt.
34

BEML bags Rs 570 cr order from Delhi MetroHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
BEML bags Rs 570 cr order from Delhi Metro
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Oct 8:  
BEML Limited has bagged Rs 570 crore order from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) for the supply of 70 cars which are in addition to 92 cars being manufactured for Delhi Metro.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

India plans to raise nearly $800 m through ETF by MarchIndia plans to raise nearly $800 m through ETF by March
Reuters
Tweet
NEW DELHI, Oct 8:  
India plans to raise around Rs 5,000 crore ($813.4 million) this fiscal year by selling stakes in companies including ITC, Larsen & Toubro and Axis Bank, a senior official with knowledge of policymakers' discussions said on Wednesday.
The sales could be made through an exchange traded fund that could be launched before the end of March, the official told Reuters, requesting anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to the media.
The ETF would be made up of the government's stakeholdings in up to ten companies, including stakes in companies held through an offshoot of the Unit Trust of India known as SUUTI.
The government holds 11.27 per cent in ITC, 8.18 per cent in L&T and 11.66 per cent in Axis Bank through SUUTI.
SUUTI, which stands for Specified Undertaking of The Unit Trust of India, said in a statement that it has invited bids from asset management companies to help it set up the ETF.
"The size of the ETF could be about Rs 5,000 crore though the final decision would be taken in consultation with the asset management company," the official said.
Last month, Arvind Mayaram, finance secretary at the finance ministry, said that the government was considering floating an ETF to sell shares held by SUUTI.
Earlier this year, the government sold a 9 per cent stake in Axis Bank to institutional investors.
In his maiden budget in July, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley set a target of Rs 58,425 crore ($9.5 billion) to be raised through the sale of shares in state-run companies and minority stakes in private companies.
In March, the government raised Rs 4,400 crore through another ETF comprising shares of 10 state-run companies including ONGC, Indian Oil and Coal India.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Zensar bags deal from UK High Street retailerZensar bags deal from UK High Street retailer
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Oct 8:  
Software services and infrastructure services provider Zensar Technologies has signed a multimillion dollar deal with a UK high street retailer focusing on upmarket retail customers.
Zensar has been managing multiple systems for the company for seven years, and the new engagement involves a managed services portfolio consolidation, it said in a statement.
Nitin Parab, Head of Enterprise Transformation Services, Zensar, said, “This large deal is a shot in the arm in our core businesses and has deepened our engagement with a long term client.”
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Gold  crude oil likely to trade lower in next fortnightGold, crude oil prices may trade lower in next fortnight
Naveen Mathur        Last Updated: October 21, 2014  | 18:55 IST
Photo: Reuters
Fortnightly Performance
Non-Agri Commodities  
Global markets traded on a mixed note in the last fortnight amid favourable employment scenario in the US and optimistic economic data across the globe. However, concerns over a rise in interest rates by the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank starting with the asset purchase programme acted as a negative factor in the second half of the fortnight.
On the domestic front, markets traded lower as a result of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) maintaining its interest rates and pledging to stand pat for a longer time until the target of retail inflation at 6 per cent is not met by January 2016. The Indian Rupee depreciated around 1.4 per cent in the same period owing to huge dollar demand from oil and other importers. Further, strength in the dollar index continued with a downside movement in the currency.
Gold and silver witnessed negativity in the last fortnight. Spot gold prices declined by around 2.1 per cent as housing sector in the US is gaining momentum as shown in the new home sales data. New US single-family homes surged in August and hit their highest level in more than six years, offering confirmation that the housing recovery remains on course. Also, data from China showed that net gold imports from Hong Kong tumbled in August to their lowest since May 2011 due to weak demand in the world's biggest bullion consumer. In addition, the US currency has posted a record-breaking 11 weeks of successive gains on expectations the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates well ahead of its counterparts in Japan and the euro zone.
Spot silver prices also traded lower last fortnight as weakness in the yellow metal dragged the white metal lower. Bright spots in the US economy are leading to declining speculative interest in the metal acting as a negative factor for prices. Labor markets and housing sector both gaining traction in turn money managers turning bearish on the commodity. On the MCX , silver prices fell by 4.39 per cent in the last fortnight.
During the last fortnight, LME Copper prices plunged by 2.7 per cent as the European Central Bank's monthly meeting failed to inspire confidence about future growth, stoking fears about metals demand. Also, strength in the dollar index hovered to four-year highs after a string of positive economic data from the US acted as a negative factor. In addition, Chinese construction sector concerns were further fuelled by data from the National Bureau of Statistics that showed the average price of new homes in 70 Chinese cities fell at a faster pace in August, with the average price of new homes falling for the fourth straight month in August. Further, decline in LME stocks by 1.3 per cent could not restrict a sharp fall. MCX copper prices fell by 1.7 per cent in the last fifteen days.
 
Crude oil prices also traded negative in the last fortnight as concerns over growing oil supply and the dollar's strength led to the fall. Besides, OPEC oil supply jumped to its highest in almost two years in September, due to a further recovery in Libya and higher output from Saudi Arabia and other Gulf producers.  Conflict in the Middle East has not had a significant impact on supply. Islamic State activities in northern Iraq have had little impact on oil-producing southern provinces, while production in Libya has accelerated despite deep instability. Overall, WTI oil prices declined by around 3 per cent and MCX crude oil traded lower by around 1 per cent.
Outlook
In the coming fortnight we expect gold prices to trade lower as labor and housing sector both gaining traction will act as a negative factor. Besides, weak physical demand from China is suggesting waning interest from the world's largest consumer of the yellow metal.
Crude oil prices will trade lower on sustained pressure from plentiful global supply and weak demand conditions in Europe and China is acting as a negative factor for prices.
Base metals are likely to trade sideways as uneven jobs data has led to weakening of the dollar index, thereby supporting gains. Also, investors will remain cautious ahead of manufacturing and housing data from the US.
Agri Commodities
 
The agri commodities basket witnessed mixed trades amid good volatility over the last fortnight. Many commodities which were on a declining trend saw some short covering, while revival of rains and harvest pressure kept the prices of the remaining agri commodities under downside pressure.
The southwest monsoon season 2014 ended on September 30. As per the data from the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), the cumulative rainfall for the season till September 30 was 12 per cent below normal at 777.5 mm compared to a normal of 886.9 mm. According to the Ministry of Agriculture, sowing of kharif crops till September 25 stands at 1019.26 lakh ha compared to 1044.69 lakh ha last year.
In a major development, the Forward Markets Commission (FMC) has given approval to MCX for continuous contracts launch for futures contracts expiring in 2015 in 27 contracts.
The edible oils complex witnessed mixed trades over the last fortnight. Soybean prices remained weak taking cues from bearish overseas markets and weak soy meal exports from India and settled three per cent lower. Mustard seed too remained weak tracking weakness in edible oilseed prices. however, demand for the seed for its oil as well as meal exports supported prices at lower levels and settled marginally lower 0.1 per cent. Refined soy oil and CPO traded on a positive note extending gains of the previous fortnight on festive buying and positive overseas markets and settled 0.9 per cent and 2.4 per cent higher, respectively. Weakness in the rupee also supported prices at lower levels.
Among spices, coriander was the biggest gainer posting 3.9 per cent returns due to low stocks and good demand. Turmeric recovered from contract low levels and gained 1.3 per cent on short coverings. However, weak physical demand, huge carryover stocks and increased sowing in Telangana capped the upside. Jeera too recovered from lower levels on export demand and strong exports data. However, huge carryover stocks kept prices under check and settled 0.2 per cent lower.
Among softs, sugar recovered from lower levels on short coverings and lower level buying ahead of the peak festive season demand and posted 1.3 per cent returns. However, abundant supplies and selling pressure from the mills capped sharp gains. Prices in the overseas markets too recovered from lower levels on short coverings and lower output in Brazil. Cotton continued to remain weak and lost 4 per cent on global demand concerns after China's new policy announcement. Also, record output expectations in India added to the downside pressure.  
Chana futures remained weak and a fresh contract low on account of ample stocks due to record output. However, value buying and festive demand cushioned sharp fall in the prices and settled 2.2 per cent lower.
Outlook
In the coming fortnight, we expect most of the agri commodities to remain weak. Harvesting of most of the kharif crops like soybean and kharif pulses among others have commenced which would keep prices under downside pressure. Lack of rains at this time may help speed up the harvesting. Cotton is expected to remain weak due to global demand concerns while, crop concerns in the US due to dry weather may cushion the downside. Rains in the US Midwest has delayed soy bean harvesting, which may support soybean prices at lower levels.
Revival of rains in the second half of the monsoon is likely to retain moisture and may help in the sowing of rabi commodities, keeping rabi commodities under check. However, festive demand and the upcoming marriage season may lead to increase in demand for food commodities, which may lend support to the falling prices. Prices are also likely to take cues from movement in the overseas agri commodity prices as well as the Indian rupee . Withdrawal of monsoon will also play a crucial role. Heavy rains at this time may disrupt the harvest and even damage the ready to be harvested crops.

Amitabh Bachchan to interact with fans on his 72ndbirthdayThe superstar is known to be quite active on social networking sites including Twitter and Facebook.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 2:15 pm
Bollywood’s living legend Amitabh Bachchan is already gearing up for his 72nd birthday celebrations, which takes place on October 11, 2014.
The superstar is known to be quite active on social networking sites including Twitter and Facebook. Amitabh Bachchan has more than 30 million people following him across social media platforms including Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, with 10.6 million followers on Twitter itself.
As a special birthday treat to his fans, Amitabh Bachchan will respond to all his fans that follow him on Twitter @SrBachchan and tweet and send him birthday wishes with the hashtag #AB72Wishes.
These Lucky fans will also receive a digitally autographed poster by Big B. And if that’s not enough, one lucky fan will receive a specially recorded personal video message by Big B, that is guaranteed to make his day and be treasured for a lifetime.
“Every year on my birthday I am overwhelmed by love and affection that I receive from my fans, from across the world. This year with the help of Twitter and Fluence, I have found this unique way to reciprocate the love, even though the message is communicated through a digital medium for me it is as personal as wishing each individual myself,” said a super-excited Big B.

Official says beer bars are too hot inVietnamVietnamese men drink beer at an outdoor beer parlor in Hanoi, Vietnam on Wednesday Oct. 8, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Hanoi | Posted: October 8, 2014 2:08 pm
A ministry official is proposing that the temperature in restaurants selling beer in Vietnam should not exceed 30 degrees Celsius (86 Fahrenheit), a rule that will be hard to enforce considering outdoor beer parlors are hugely popular in the country’s big cities.
Wednesday’s Tuoi Tre newspaper quoted Nguyen Phu Cuong, an official at the Ministry of Industry and Trade which was drafting the regulation, as saying the rule aims to “protect consumers.”
Many drinkers, however, say the proposal shows how out of touch officials are because of the popularity of the outdoor bars.
“The rules are not realistic,” said Nguyen Van Dan, 55, an engineer, who was sipping draught beer with salad and chicken at an outdoor beer parlor in downtown Hanoi. “They just can’t force us to drink beer in air-conditioned rooms.”
Tran Ngoc Son, 51, a businessman who was drinking beer with beef and peanuts at the same restaurant said drinking beer in outdoor restaurants was the “culture” for many Vietnamese.
“We just enjoy our beer at outdoors parlors much better than in air-conditioned places,” he said “We don’t need the government to take care for our health.”
Last year, Vietnam’s 90 million people consumed 3 trillion liters of beer, or 33.3 liters (8.8 gallons) per head, making them the top beer drinkers per capita in Southeast Asia.

Many complaints on Flipkart discount sale: NirmalaSitharamanLot of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it, said Nirmala Sitharaman. (PTI)
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 2:07 pm
After receiving “many complaints” from traders on Flipkart’s massive discount sale, government today said it will look into the concerns and take a call on whether more clarity is required on e-commerce retail business.
Flipkart’s ‘Big Billion Day’ sale on Monday, that offered steep discounts on various products, has raised concerns among small and big traders that such campaigns would badly affect players in the traditional retail market.
“We have received many inputs. Lot of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it,” Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman told reporters here.
When asked whether the government is considering any particular policy for e-commerce retailing, she said the matter would be looked into.
“Now there are many complaints. We will study the matter… Whether there is a need for a separate policy or some kind of clarification is needed, we will make it clear soon,” Sitharaman, who is also the Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, said.
In recent times, many e-commerce portals have been coming out with steep discount sales.
Flipkart has said that its ‘Big Bilion Day’ sale saw 1.5 million people shopping at its portal. It also claimed that products worth over Rs 600 crore were sold in just 10 hours under the scheme.
Earlier this week, traders body CAIT had demanded the Commerce and Industry Ministry take steps to monitor and regulate online businesses.
The Confederation of All India Traders has also sought a probe into the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies to find out how they are offering huge discounts during the ongoing festive season.
To a query related to Foreign Trade Policy (FTP) announcement, Sitharaman said that it will come “soon”.
“The new policy would be different from the previous ones. It will focus on lot many things,” she said.
FTP deals with matters related to exports and imports.

Sierra Leone: strike leaves Ebola dead onstreetsEmpty streets are seen during a three-day lockdown to prevent the spread on the Ebola virus, in Freetown, Sierra Leone, Sunday, Sept. 21, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Freetown | Posted: October 8, 2014 1:44 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 1:48 pm
The Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation says bodies of Ebola victims have been left in the streets because of a strike by burial teams, who complain they have not been paid.
Health Ministry spokesman Sidie Yahya Tunis says the situation is “very embarrassing” and said money was available to pay the teams. He promised to provide more information on Wednesday.
A man travels along a street in his wheelchair during a three-day lockdown to prevent the spread on the Ebola virus in Freetown, Sierra Leone, Sunday, Sept. 21, 2014. (Source: AP)
The World Health Organization says Ebola is believed to have killed more than 600 people in Sierra Leone.
In Spain, officials said a fourth person has been placed under observation for Ebola in a Madrid hospital where a nursing assistant that became infected after working with two victims from Sierra Leone and Liberia, who later died. The infected woman’s husband is among those being observed.

Top 5 stocks which can return upto 53% | Sensex @ 2: top stock betsMarkets rangebound; top 20 trading bets
ET Now Oct 8, 2014, 03.03PM IST
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian markets are trading in the red, thanks t global growth worries.
At 2:58 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,336.69, up 64.72 points. The Nifty was at 7,866.90, down 14.50 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Cipla Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 560 and a stop loss of Rs 590
Aurobindo Pharma Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 950 and a stop loss of Rs 975
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 535 and a stop loss of Rs 500
IndusInd Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 635 and a stop loss of Rs 600
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 293 and a stop loss of Rs 312
NTPC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 148 and a stop loss of Rs 139
Bata India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1405 and a stop loss of Rs 1324
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 378 and a stop loss of Rs 362
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
BPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 681 and a stop loss of Rs 661
Aurobindo Pharma Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 932 and a stop loss of Rs 968
Wipro Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 580 and a stop loss of Rs 610
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 218 and a stop loss of Rs 207
Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 240 and a stop loss of Rs 225
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 950 and a stop loss of Rs 925
Shrikant Chouhan, Senior VP - Technical Research, Kotak Securities
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 197
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1500 and a stop loss of Rs 1415
Tata Steel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 465 and a stop loss of Rs 435
Rakesh Bansal, VP- R K Global
NMDC is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 152 and a stop loss of Rs 169
IndusInd Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 570 and a stop loss of Rs 635
Canara Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 337 and a stop loss of Rs 363.50
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Legal notice served on Telugu Desam MLA for Rs 90 crUpdated: October 8, 2014 20:19 IST
Legal notice served on Telugu Desam MLA for Rs.90 cr
N Rahul
politics
Noted real estate developer J. Rameshwar Rao has slapped a Rs. 90-crore notice for defamation against Telugu Desam MLA A. Revanth Reddy over his charge that the government extended undue favour to the former by transferring land allotted to the Gaming City, the AP Transmission Corporation and a police station at Madhapur here.
Mr. Reddy had also accused the TRS government of relaxing registration charges of Rs. 26 crore for the benefit of Mr. Rao, who is popularly known for his My Home project.
Reacting to the notice, Mr. Reddy told media persons that he stood by his charges against Mr. Rao and would prove them in court. He said the notice was an attack on him by the government in the guise of Mr. Rameshwar Rao. The transfer took place only after Mr. K. Chandrasekhar Rao took over as the Chief Minister.
Mr. Reddy also said his charges were aimed against the TRS and the State government but Mr. Rao worked as a mask.
RELATED NEWS

Pakistan intensifies firing across border  one more killedComments
Two women of a family were killed and 15 others injured in heavy mortar shelling and firing by Pakistani troops on Wednesday along the international border in Jammu.
Villagers show mortar shell marks on a wall after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers at a residential area. (PTI Photo)
Pakistani Rangers targeted 50 border out posts (BoPs) and 35 hamlets overnight along the 192-km boundary. The escalation has triggered an exodus, with 16,000 people moving to safer areas from border villages.
 
Eight people have been killed so far and over 70 people injured in continuing ceasefire violations by Pakistan over a week.
  
Pakistani troops targeted Chillary village along the IB in Samba district around 7.30am .
In the mortar shelling, Shakuntla Devi and her daughter-in-law Poli Devi were killed while their husbands along with two children of Poli were injured, Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP), Samba, Anil Mangotra said.
   
All the inhabitants of the village with a population 1,700 have fled from border hamlet to safety.
 
Along the Line of Control (LoC), the firing stopped Tuesday night in Mendhar & Poonch sectors after Indian forces gave a befitting reply, defence officials said. 
 
An injured Indian boy is carried on a stretcher for treatment to the government medical college hospital, in Jammu. (AP photo)
Among the 15 injured today, three were BSF jawans. All of them have been shifted to Government Medical College (GMC) hospital, the SSP said.
  
Jorda Farm border hamlet was hit by shelling at 9am police officials said. Six persons were injured when they were returning after night stay in shelter camp in R S Pura. They were shifted to GMC hospital for treatment, they said.
 
Earlier, a BSF spokesperson said "Pakistani Rangers again resorted to unprovoked mortar shelling and heavy firing on BSF posts all along IB since 8pm last night."
As many as 50 BSF BoPs were affected by the fire from Pakistan side, he said, adding areas along IB in Arnia, R S Pura, Kanachak and Pargwal sub-sectors in Jammu and Samba districts were targeted.
  
Eight people have been killed and 71 others including BSF jawans injured in Pakistani shelling and firing along LoC and IB in Jammu and Poonch districts in over two dozen ceasefire violations since October 1 this year.
 

India plans to raise near Rs 5000 cr through ETF by MarchOct 08, 2014, 02.29 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
India plans to raise near Rs 5000 cr through ETF by March
The sales could be made through an exchange traded fund that could be launched before the end of March, the official told Reuters, requesting anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to the media.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India plans to raise near Rs 5000 cr through ETF by March
The sales could be made through an exchange traded fund that could be launched before the end of March, the official told Reuters, requesting anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to the media.
Post your opinion here
 
India plans to raise around Rs 5,000 crore (USD 813.4 million) this fiscal year by selling stakes in companies including ITC ,  Larsen & Toubro and Axis Bank , a senior official with knowledge of policymakers' discussions said on Wednesday.
The sales could be made through an exchange traded fund that could be launched before the end of March, the official told Reuters, requesting anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to the media.
The ETF would be made up of the government's stakeholdings in up to ten companies, including stakes in companies held through an offshoot of the Unit Trust of India known as SUUTI.
The government holds 11.27 percent in ITC, 8.18 percent in L&T and 11.66 percent in Axis Bank through SUUTI.
SUUTI, which stands for Specified Undertaking of The Unit Trust of India, said in a statement that it has invited bids from asset management companies to help it set up the ETF.
"The size of the ETF could be about 50 billion rupees though the final decision would be taken in consultation with the asset management company," the official said.
Last month, Arvind Mayaram, finance secretary at the finance ministry, said that the government was considering floating an ETF to sell shares held by SUUTI.
Earlier this year, the government sold a 9 percent stake in Axis Bank to instituional investors.
In his maiden budget in July, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley set a target of Rs 58,425 crore (USD 9.5 billion) to be raised through the sale of shares in state-run companies and minority stakes in private companies.
In March, the government raised Rs 4,400 crore through another ETF comprising shares of 10 state-run companies including  ONGC ,  Indian Oil and  Coal India .
ITC stock price
On November 24, 2014, ITC closed at Rs 374.40, down Rs 1.85, or 0.49 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 386.75 and the 52-week low was Rs 307.80.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 11.61 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 32.25. The latest book value of the company is Rs 32.89 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 11.38.
RELATED NEWS

India important source of pharma products to US mkt1:00 pm
Dilip Shanghvi, founder and managing director, Sun Pharma, says the company has realized that compliance and maintaining good manufacturing practices (GMPs) wll ultimately determine a company’s success.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18 after he won Entrepreneur of the Year by Forbes India, Shanghvi says  Cipla is poised to be the number two company is a few years time.
Furthermore, Shanghvi expressed his optimism on the US market saying the US congress is attempting to create the same level of inspection and audit for Indian companies that a typical US company needs to go through.
Below is the edited transcript of the interview.
Q: Do you have a leadership philosophy of some sort. The reason why I asked you this is today Sun Pharma has risen to be one of India’s brightest, most successful and in practice aggressive companies as well. So what is your leadership philosophy, your management philosophy?
A: As a company, we focus on doing what we do well and we have seen with experience that to be able to do what we want to do well we have to follow some basic principles. The first focus that we have on is to have loyalty of the people who constitute the Sun team because we have seen that when we have continuity of people, when they work well together as a team, we are able to get extraordinary performance out of average people.
The second philosophy that we have focused on is we want to retain loyalty of our investors. If I see in Sun, we have average investor age of more than six and a half seven years, which I am told is significantly higher than the industry and which allows us to run the business in the long-term interest of all the stakeholders.
The third important component that we focus on is loyalty of our customers. We have seen that the loyalty of customers that we have focused on In India in different specialties, different doctors has allowed us to grow consistently faster than the industry.
Q: What is the hallmark of Sun has been? For those of us who look at it from the outside, it has been its incredible acquisitive nature. So since you listed in 1994 that is a period of almost ten years where you were doing an acquisition a year, I am not saying they were all large you know big ticket acquisition, some more plants, and some more product portfolios. But since you are listing in 1994 and we are 2014 right now you have done between 16 and 18 acquisitions if I have counted that correctly. Now its well known in the world of mergers and acquisitions (M&A) that two out of three deals fail. In your assessment - because publically you had no failure - have they all been success, have you ever failed and if you have never failed what is the secret to your success?
A: Classical definition of a failed acquisition is value destruction. So I don’t think we have a single failure till now because we may not have achieved our objective of creating the value that we thought that we will do when we did the acquisition. So we may not have met our internal benchmark but we have never failed really.
Q: In discovering these three very important contributors to your success, you must have had several failures. Every successful person in the world has had. What would you 3.55 define our point to as the most important failure that you have had, the one that you have learnt the most from probably the turning point of your life?
A: Failures have taught us a lot of sense with the problem that we have with the regulatory agency in our facility in the US. We realised that compliance and focusing on good manufacturing practices (GMPs) will ultimately determine our success as a company. This allowed us to focus on strengthening our capability and I would consider that to be an important component of our growth.
Q: Would you say the Indian pharmaceutical industry is learning that lesson only now even though you had that experience many years ago first?
A: My sense is that over last five years India has become an important source of pharmaceutical products for the US market. There is an expectation from the US Congress with the National Pharma Pricing Agency (NPPA) that they would treat international supplier’s inline with the way in which they would treat suppliers from within the US.
So, they are creating a similar level of inspection and audit that a typical US company needs to go through because we have facilities in the US and we have facilities in India. So, we don’t see that the facilities in India are in any way treated differently from the way in which facilities in the US are treated.
Q: Why is it that in India or why is it that an Indian pharmaceutical company has not yet discovered the next big blockbuster drug in the world? If we have the right environment, the right regulation, the right laws, the right protection why are we lagging behind, why are we known as the copycats of the world?
A: For us to be able to bring new innovative products, in addition to everything that you talk of - skill sets, experience, regulatory strength, institutional capability for fostering innovation, all of these things have taken a very long period of time in all of countries who have developed products in the past 50-100 years.
So, if one expects that by simply changing the law and starting investment in R&D things will start changing tomorrow in India, I think we have to give it time. I am an optimist. When we announced the acquisition of Ranbaxy , one of the major excitement I had was that it will give the company the size such that we can spend maybe up to USD 500 million in research. I wouldn’t be investing that kind of money in research if I wasn’t optimistic.
Q: At the IIMA meeting this year you said that in the next 10-15 years at least three Indian pharmaceutical companies will work towards becoming global pharmaceutical companies with innovative products in most markets. I am pretty sure Sun Pharma will be one of them who will be the other two?
A: If you see companies like Zydus , Glenmark , now see that Cipla is also investing in innovation, Dr. Reddy’s . So, all of these companies have tremendous capacity and perseverance to succeed.
Q: Are you surprised that there is a slight shift in attitude at Cipla now?
A: I wish to respect Dr. Hamied. I think I haven’t seen a greater nationalist in my own working career than Dr. Hamied. He has strong views but one thing which I have seen in my own experience and interaction with him is that immense involvement that he has in research, in science. So, in a way I was always surprised that what I think they should be doing they are not and I think he is doing it. So, I am very happy for him.
Q: So it is going to be company number two, Cipla?
A: They would be.
Q: The next 10-15 years – Sun Pharma, Cipla third one?
A: Zydus, Glenmark, many companies.
Sun Pharma stock price
On November 24, 2014, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries closed at Rs 837.00, down Rs 5.35, or 0.64 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 932.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 552.50.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 35.77 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 23.40.
RELATED NEWS

BEML bags Rs 570 cr order from DMRCOct 08, 2014, 02.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
BEML bags Rs 570 cr order from DMRC
BEML has bagged a prestigious order of Rs 570 crore from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation for the supply of 70 cars which are in addition to 92 cars being manufactured for Delhi Metro.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BEML bags Rs 570 cr order from DMRC
BEML has bagged a prestigious order of Rs 570 crore from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation for the supply of 70 cars which are in addition to 92 cars being manufactured for Delhi Metro.
Post your opinion here
 
BEML Ltd has informed BSE regarding a press release dated October 08, 2014, titled "BEML bags Rs.570 Cr Order from DMRC ".  BEML has bagged a prestigious order of Rs 570 crore from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation for the supply of 70 cars which are in addition to 92 cars being manufactured for Delhi Metro.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Supreme Industries  Q1 results on Oct 17  2014Oct 08, 2014, 02.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Supreme Industries' Q1 results on Oct 17, 2014
Supreme Industries Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 17, 2014, for consideration of the Unaudited Financial Results (Provisional) of the Company for the First Quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q1).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Supreme Industries' Q1 results on Oct 17, 2014
Supreme Industries Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 17, 2014, for consideration of the Unaudited Financial Results (Provisional) of the Company for the First Quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q1).
Post your opinion here
 
Supreme Industries Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 17, 2014, inter alia, to transact the business as per Agenda thereof, which Includes the following:- Consideration of the Unaudited Financial Results (Provisional) of the Company for the First Quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q1).Source : BSE

Coal India divestment should soon after Diwali: GovtThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IMF says cash-rich countries should step up public investments to support world economyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Revenue growth to decelerate in Q2 FY15: CRISIL ResearchThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Exclusive - RBI starts to monitor growing trades by companies in debt marketsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

California Software Company Ltd approves sale of land and building in ChennaiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Lost your job at Yahoo So whatThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Will look into complaints against Flipkart: Commerce MinisterThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

At 14:30 hrs contech soft has formed a bullish island reversal chart p...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

At 12:42 hrs globus constr has formed a bearish island reversal chart ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

At 14:31 hrs goplee infotech has formed a bearish island reversal char...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

At 13:58 hrs deccan poly has formed a bullish island reversal chart pa...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Maruti launches new sedan Ciaz  starting at Rs 6.99 lakhMaruti Suzuki launches new sedan Ciaz in India, priced starting Rs 6.99 lakh
PTI     Gurgaon   Last Updated: October 6, 2014  | 15:22 IST
With the Ciaz, Maruti will take a second stab at the sedan segment (Photo: Reuters)
Maruti Suzuki India , the country's largest car maker, on Monday launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz with an introductory price starting at Rs 6.99 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The petrol variants of the sedan are priced between Rs 6.99 lakh and Rs 9.34 lakh while the diesel variants are priced between Rs 8.04 lakh and Rs 9.8 lakh, respectively (ex-showroom Delhi).
"Millions of Indians have enjoyed Maruti cars for years. These customers are looking to upgrade to mid-sized sedans. Ciaz is for them, " MSI Managing Director and CEO Kenichi Ayukawa told reporters at the launch event in Gurgaon.
He added that the company has been able to achieve localisation content of 98 per cent for the car.
"Ciaz has been designed keeping in mind the needs and expectations of Indian sedan customers," Ayukawa said.
Ciaz comes in petrol and diesel options, powered by 1.4 litre and 1.3 litre engines, respectively.
The car major, along with its vendors, has invested Rs 620 crore on development of Ciaz. The mid-sized sedan has been developed on a completely new platform.
In addition to sale in the domestic auto market, the company also plans to export the car to markets in the Middle East, Latin America and Africa.
In the country, Ciaz would compete with Honda City, priced between Rs 7.19 lakh and Rs 11.05 lakh and Hyundai Verna tagged between Rs 7.39 lakh and Rs 11.72 lakh, respectively (ex showroom Delhi).
Since Maruti opened bookings for the car in September, the company has received orders for 10,000 units.
Ciaz will replace the SX4 sedan, which had a limited success.
At its peak, SX4 sold about 3,000 units a month, while the current segment leader Honda City sells about 5,000 units a month.
Overall, the mid-sized sedan segment witnesses sales of around 16,000 units per month.

Art and political history through stones and templesUpdated: October 6, 2014 21:39 IST
Art and political history through stones and temples
Murali Sivaramakrishnan
Power, Memory, Architecture: Contested Sites on India's Deccan Plateau, 1300 - 1600. Authors: Richard M. Eaton and Philip B. Wagoner. Publication: Oxford University Press, Rs. 1250
TOPICS
books and literature
The book under review is an excellent interdisciplinary study that falls squarely in the shadowy space between art history and political history, and, given the present day academic scenario, there is virtually very little communication between such disciplines and their methodologies. However, once one discovers the area where they overlap and become sensitive to the insights that would follow thereon, it is certain that new and newer collaborative perceptions are bound to emerge, as Richard Eaton and Phillip Wagoner reveal through this magnificent work. Architecture and cultural landscapes especially in the Deccan in peninsular India bespeak of conquest, dominion, destruction and redefinition. Exquisite stone temples, synonymous with cultural inscapes define this territory. The three issues highlighted in this study are power, memory and architecture. The book is very well produced and illustrated liberally: a delight for those interested in the contested sites of the Deccan.
It took me a while to read through the volume because I dwelt on each page, poring over the pictures and delighting in the art historical perspective as it emerged. And in the process, there were two similar works that I was immediately prompted to fish out from my shelf to consult alongside: Simon Schama’s Landscape and Memory, and Sheldon Pollock’s The Language of the Gods in the World of Men. “Intriguing,” is perhaps the one word that jumps to one’s mind while perusing all three. Land and memory are inextricably connected and built-environments suffer from invasion and conquest leaving traces of the depredations and maraudings of coloniser as much as those of defeated rivals. In the vision of the authors of Power, Memory, Architecture, the invaders of the Deccan were confronted with complex cultural situations and were in turn left with a range of options: they could continue to patronise pre-existing structures in a similar manner like of old or rebuild them in the same sites in their own manner. They could also redefine or alter them in imitation. In some cases they could destroy them or as in other cases they could ignore the cultural sites altogether and turn a blind eye. In any of those cases — examples of each are elucidated in the various chapters of the book — what emerges is the struggle of power over cultural landscapes and people’s memory.
The broad area that this book captures is the Deccan with its monumental architecture — specially the fiercely contested sites of Kalyana, the one-time capital of the Chalukyas; Raichur (another area of struggle between Vijayanagara and the Bahmani sultanate); and Warangal, the power base of the Kakatiyas. From the 10th to the 14th century (continuing to the seventeenth) the desperate struggle between political power and architecture as the visible and palpable expression of the cultural life of the people, becomes especially intense. Temples are chronicles of a narrative of this interaction of power and memory.
The book is divided into four sections, titled respectively: Orientations; Kalyana and the Chalukya Legacy; Warangal and the Kakatiya Legacy; The Raichur Doab in the Age of Gunpowder. Power is the lynchpin of this book: and relying mainly on the available architectural and epigraphic record, the authors read beyond crude stereotypes of clash between Hindus and Muslims and attempt to identify and explain the wide range of ways at critical points in the Deccan’s history, conquerors, administrators, and even local chieftains interacted with the key cultural monuments of this area. As they argue, historians have often tended to neglect the Deccan during the 1300-1600, and this book proffers different perspectives from the usual ones toward a better understanding of how regional politics operated at the ground level. The authors approach monuments and other material evidence as dynamic texts that tell their own tales about how they related to different communities over time.
Memory is identified as playing a crucial role in the close encounters during the 16 century in the Deccan interacting between power and architecture in more significant ways than it was during the 14 and 15 centuries. What is perceived is the shift from non-interference to re-assemblage with active patronage, ranging between the desecration and redefinition of monuments. While earlier with the expansion of Delhi Sultanate into the Deccan, a fusion of temples and mosques came into prominence, during the 16 century, by contrast, a deliberate revival of earlier times and cultures were infused. As art historians have always emphasised, Chalukya architecture was to be seen as a distinct taxonomic entity, and the 16 century patrons actively sought them out for recycling in their royal projects. Both the variant versions of Chalukya architecture — the Dharwar and the Bijapur styles — were reintegrated into the nascent emergent style apparently infused with a political motive deliberately in the Vijayanagara to invoke a continuity with the past. In a similar manner to the north the Sultanate of Bijapur (1490-1686) whose sovereign territory covered much of the Chalukya’s former territory, displayed its own awareness and interest in the past.
The battle of Talikota spelt catastrophe for Vijayanagara while for Bijapur it was a physical and ideological transformation, and its Sultan Adil Shah used the plundered wealth to upgrade Bijapur from a mere provincial outpost to a major Indo-Persian capital. Architectural narratives reveal this process of fusion, transformation, and reintegration. It is not unusual for scholars of history to refer to the plunder and pillage of Hindu temples by Muslim invaders. But as this book attempts to reread in the remains of Deccan’s architectural monuments, desecration and destruction were not the sole process but a deliberate cultivation of aesthetic and architectural history integrated with memory of place also was in the scheme of things.
Another polemical re-reading that is sure to engage the interested reader’s attention is with regard to the implications of Sanskrit and Persian cultural perceptions and universality of dominion. This is revealed in the situation of the Deccan after the Delhi Sultanate’s decline in the 14 century and the subsequent rise of the Bahmanis and the Vijayanagara during the next two centuries. Whereas the Sultanate’s invasion had been recognised as having reconfigured the political geography of the Deccan, what is yet to be reckoned is the impact of this conquest that worked as a catalyst for diffusion of the ideals of the Persian cosmopolis in a region where those of the Sanskrit cosmopolis had already sunk deep roots.
As the authors argue, the Persian cosmopolis crystallised at about the same time that the literati under Chalukya patronage were yoking the ideals of the Sanskrit cosmopolis to both Kannada vernacularism and Chalukya imperialism. Stones and temples do have much tales to tell. The disruption of power centres and reestablishment of new nodules for dominion and rule have left several traces that resonate down centuries for the attentive ear and eye to perceive and rearticulate — an intricate interplay of power, memory and architecture. This book is a treasure.

Short View: US small CapsOctober 6, 2014 10:41 pm
Small is ugly rather than beautiful
By James Mackintosh
Small US stocks have been beaten by their larger rivals in the past year
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29ee1980-4d70-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Baseline blog: overtaking in F1October 6, 2014 4:43 pm
Fall and rise of overtaking in Formula One
By John Burn-Murdoch and Gavin Jackson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e35e6710-4b10-11e4-8a0e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lex Live: HP - Doing the splitsRemember me on this computer
Sign in

Editorial Comment: German energyThe costly muddle of German energy policy
Merkel’s decision to phase out nuclear power has been a huge mistake
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ffa462f2-4d4b-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple  the European Commission and IrelandOctober 7, 2014 6:19 am
Ireland’s tax regime nurtures innovation in avoidance
By James Stewart
A tax-based industrial policy will not produce an innovative economy, writes James Stewart
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bde702e4-4d5e-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Posters in Chennai threaten Kannadigas over Jaya bailEYE BROWSE
Kannadigas will be held hostage, if Jaya not bailed, threaten posters
On September 27, Jayalalithaa and three others were convicted in the Rs 66-crore disproportionate assets case and was sentenced to four years in prison with a fine of Rs 100 crore.
Yahoo India –  Tue 7 Oct, 2014
CHENNAI: As the Karnataka High Court hears J Jayalalithaa's bail plea in the disproportionate asset case, controversial posters have sprung up in Chennai saying Kannadigas living in Tamil Nadu will be held hostage if the AIADMK supremo is denied bail.
 
The AIADMK has, however, distanced itself from the posters and said it will take action against the person or persons behind it.
"I am not aware of any such poster. Perhaps party supporters would have put them up. I will have to check up," P. Kumar, a Lok Sabha member, told IANS.
 
On September 27, the 66-year-old Jayalalithaa and three others were convicted in the Rs 66-crore disproportionate assets case. Jaya was sentenced to four years in prison with a fine of Rs 100 crore.
 
Pronouncing his verdict on a legal battle that began in 1996, judge John Michael Cunha held Jayalalithaa and three others guilty of amassing wealth disproportionate to known sources of income.
 
The other three are VK Sasikala, a long-time associate, now disowned foster son VN Sudhakaran and J Illavarasi, a former aide. All three were also sentenced to four years in prison and fined Rs 10 crore each.
The convictions came under the Prevention of Corruption Act and the Indian Penal Code.
 
Jayalalithaa was charged with acquiring assets worth around Rs 66 crore which is disproportionate to her known sources of income.
 
During her first tenure (1991-96) as chief minister, Jayalalithaa drew Re 1 as salary. The charge against her was that her assets rose from about Rs 3 crore in 1991 to around Rs 66 crore in just five years.
 
On June 14, 1996, Subramanian Swamy, then Janata Party leader, filed a complaint before the principal sessions judge here alleging that Jayalalithaa had assets disproportionate to her known sources of income. Swamy, was then the president of the the Janata Party, which has since merged with BJP.
 
When the AIADMK returned to power in 2001 several witnesses turned hostile. On a petition filed by DMK leader K. Anbazhagan in the apex court, the case was transferred to Bangalore from Chennai.
Recommend

Work on brains inner GPS system wins Nobel medicine prizeWork on brain’s ‘inner GPS’ system wins Nobel medicine prize
By Clive Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/657bb582-4d3b-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold  silver prices recover on seasonal demandGold price recovers on seasonal demand amid global support
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 7, 2014  | 20:35 IST
Gold prices rose firmly on the domestic bullion market in Mumbai on Tuesday on fresh bouts of buying from jewellery stockists and retailers amid a firming trend overseas.
Elsewhere, silver also regained some lost ground owing to heavy speculative offtake coupled with good industrial demand.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) climbed by Rs 180 to finish at Rs 26,740 per 10 grams from last Saturday's closing level of Rs 26,560.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also spurted by a similar margin to end at Rs 26,890 per 10 grams against Rs 26,710 previously.
Silver (.999 fineness) jumped by Rs 255 to conclude at Rs 39,380 per kg compared to Rs 39,125 last weekend.
On the global front, the yellow metal witnessed a dramatic rebound after plunging to fresh 2014 lows on the back of hectic short covering as bargain hunters lent support in the face of weak dollar and falling equities, but optimism over the US economy and possibility of higher rates kept the investors wary.
Spot gold was bid higher at $1,206.30 an ounce in early European trade.

iPhone 6 hit by new social media storm: Now  brace yourself for  hairgateE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

National laws for international IndiansUpdated: October 7, 2014 02:21 IST
National laws for international Indians
Anil Malhotra
AP Not in tandem: Indian laws have to meet the needs and demands of international Indians. Picture shows NRIs at Narendra Modi's address in Madison Square Garden, New York.
TOPICS
India-United States
NRIs face multiple jurisdictional clashes and are unable to reconcile their rights with corresponding obligations in Indian laws
The year 2015 will mark 100 years of Mahatma Gandhi’s return to India from South Africa and the Pravasi Bhartiya Divas celebrations to welcome overseas Indians to their homeland will be held in Ahmedabad on January 9. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in his address to a mammoth gathering at Madison Square Garden in New York, offered lifetime Indian visas to Persons of Indian Origin (PIOs) by merging the PIO and Overseas Citizens of India schemes. As a result, the Ministry of Home Affairs issued a notification on September 30 to the effect that the PIO card shall be valid for life and the PIO card holder shall be exempt from police reporting and registration with the Foreigners Regional Registration Office. So far so good. But what will happen when an influx of Non-resident Indians (NRIs) takes place? While we euphorically laud these welcome gates, let us introspect on what laws concerning family and society we offer to our NRI brethren. In a fast-changing scenario of growth and development, it remains to be seen if these laws have kept pace with evolving societal needs. Thus, we have to first make a report card to evaluate our laws and their need.
Outdated laws
According to statistics of the Ministry of Overseas Indian Affairs, over 21,909,875 NRIs have inhabited, settled and thrived in almost 200 countries across the globe. Their actual numbers may be roughly close to 30 million. Undoubtedly, international Indians are an entity by themselves. Thus there is a dire need for a global law to govern their conflicts. The link and retention of their ties with their extended families in India and abroad has found expression in issues relating to immigration, nationality, marriage, divorce, forced marriages, inter-parental child removal, spousal maintenance, division of matrimonial property, inter-country adoptions, succession and inheritance, tenancy of Indian property and surrogacy arrangements. Foreign courts and overseas law practitioners are at sea attempting to resolve these problems given that Indian laws pertaining to these issues have not been amended or updated. The applicability of foreign laws, the validity of judgments pronounced overseas and the verdicts of Indian courts which need expounding, are issues that require interpretation by experts. Personal laws governing global Indians — irrespective of the fact that NRIs have foreign nationalities and overseas citizenships — are all more than five decades old. They do not meet the test of time. They have outlived their utility and do not answer current day family problems in the international perspective. Clash of jurisdictions further compounds problems and result in broken homes and divided families. Indian laws on the subject of custom, marriage, divorce, spousal maintenance, domestic and inter-country adoptions, child abduction, surrogacy, child rights, matrimonial settlements, besides issues of nationality and citizenship found in existing statutory enactments, do not take a call when there are inputs from foreign laws or when there is reconcilement with an overseas court judgment. Interpretation of foreign courts on family law has further coloured the scenario as they provide new dimensions not visualised by Indian law. NRIs searching for relief measures face multiple jurisdictional clashes and are unable to reconcile their rights with corresponding obligations in Indian laws.
Private international law attempts to provide comprehensive answers to these problems. Conventional statutory laws will not address the daily dilemmas of the Indian diaspora. A panacea is thus sought to be a universal answer for aggrieved spouse, the foreign litigant, an overseas practitioner, or any lay person who simply wants to know where he stands. Case law is quoted for reliance but is no permanent answer. Unique case references are not the remedy. What is needed is a permanent answer.
Legislative solutions
The only way this can be resolved is by providing legislative solutions. This is the crying need of the hour before we put up welcome NRI signs. There are a wide range of issues that cause disputes between NRIs across borders. For instance, the law of spousal maintenance in India needs to be delved into. Child laws, issues relating to human smuggling, illegal immigration, business immigration, dual nationality and citizenship perspectives also need to be addressed.
Human rights and the criminal justice system need application in Indian laws. Predicaments concerning surrogacy need dire attention. Law and societal practices need to be in tandem. Our laws have to meet the needs and demands of international Indians. It is no longer a case of international law and Indians; it is about international Indians and the law. Besides discarding outdated legislation, legislators seriously need to make new laws for international Indians. For instance, innocent children are made victims of spousal fights across borders and are used to settle personal disputes. Likewise in commercial surrogacy, a regulatory law is required. Human smuggling and illegal immigration need central laws to save precious human lives who are exploited by unscrupulous agents. Spousal maintenance rights and marital laws need to be updated to keep up with international family law obligations. International adoption of children needs to be governed by a new regulatory law.
As of now, energy has been focussed on commercial laws, giving step motherly treatment to laws which govern family and society in India. Nothing has moved in 50 years; this must change. If we are to invite NRIs, we must first give them a stable home, a happy family life and a comfortable society to live in. Indian laws can no longer exist in isolation; they must be reconciled with laws abroad.
(Anil Malhotra is a Chandigarh-based lawyer. He is the principal author of International Indians and the Law. E-mail: anilmalhotra1960@gmail.com. )

Her Masters VoiceUpdated: October 7, 2014 18:21 IST
Her Master’s Voice
Special arrangement M. Balamuralikrishna and Jananiy.
Special arrangement S.J. Jananiy
Carnatic Classical
Twenty-two-year-old Jananiy on debuting as a composer with the film Prabha and getting legendary Carnatic singer M. Balamuralikrishna to sing in it
Singer S.J. Jananiy can never forget that eventful week in March, this year. The 22-year-old musician — then pursuing her M.A (Music) at Queen Mary’s College — was preparing for her final semester exams, when opportunity knocked at her door. Tamil film director, Nandhan (assistant of director Dharani) approached her through her uncle, Sankerganesh, to score music for his upcoming movie Prabha.
He gave her an advance cheque and a book of lyrics of the songs that he wanted her to set to tune. The only hitch? It had to be completed in seven days.There was music, some madness, and then, some more music…. At the end of the week, she gave him all the tunes, which he listened to, and approved. “It was hectic,” she admits. “It was my debut and I wanted to do a good job.”
She had previous experience, of course, – having worked in the fusion series ‘Classic Waves’ and a few pop albums – and that helped her with the task at hand. What followed were five songs in different genres —Western classical, Indian classical, kuthu, blues and Latin reggae.
One of the songs is very dear to her heart because it marks a comeback, of sorts, of the legendary Carnatic singer M. Balamuralikrishna to Tamil film music. The musical legend, who last sang in the 2009 film Pasanga, agreed to croon a number for Jananiy in Prabha. “I met Guruji in 2007, at the launch of my devotional album and since, have been blessed to be his disciple. When I requested him to sing for Prabha, he said, ‘Jananiy, I will sing for you, and only you’.” In fact, during the recording session, he asked me if I was satisfied with the output or whether he should sing it again. It was a dream-come-true for me.” Other popular playback singers, including Vijay Prakash and Shweta Mohan, have worked on the songs of this film, the audio launch of which is likely to take place next month.
Having grown up learning Carnatic vocal music from popular personalities, she was also interested in trying out whatever she sang on different instruments. “My uncle is a keyboard and guitar player and taught me to play whatever I sang. That got me interested in chords and notes, and I started composing singles at age 12.”Both Ilaiyaraaja and A.R. Rahman have been a huge inspiration for this youngster. “Whenever I listen to their songs, I try to identify their structure, the background tones and observe the nuances. All these helped me when I started composing albums,” says the singer, who feels that women music composers require ample support from their families.

GMR Chhattisgarh power unit on streamUpdated: October 7, 2014 21:42 IST
GMR Chhattisgarh power unit on stream
Special Correspondent
energy and resource
The first unit of the GMR Chhattisgarh Energy Ltd.’s (GCEL) 1,370 MW (2 x 685 MW) supercritical coal-based thermal power plant at Raikheda was synchronised with the grid on October 2. An official release from the GMR group on Tuesday said the synchronisation was achieved using fuel oil. Work on commissioning the second unit was in progress.

Banks agree to new derivatives rule bookBanks rewrite derivatives rules to cope with future crisis
By Tom Braithwaite and Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aeb57e26-4e6d-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Avoid cyber crime  in 90 seconds90-Second Financial Fix | 8 October 2014
Protect your financial data from cyber criminals
Kelsey Hubbard
About the author
Kelsey Hubbard is a freelance broadcast journalist based in Connecticut. She is a former host of ABC News’ Money Matters and was a longtime host and reporter for The Wall Street Journal’s daily video business news shows.
Read more about these links.
Taking steps to avoid cyber crime is one of the most important things you can do to protect your financial life.
Criminals have stolen customer financial data from JP Morgan Chase, the largest US bank, as well as the Korea Credit Bureau and US retailers Home Depot and Target, to name just a few.
Related
Russian roulette: Olympic safety
In 2014, an eye-popping 43% of companies globally said they had customer information stolen . That’s up 30% from the year before. No company, no matter how big, seems immune.
The first line of defense starts with you. Click ‘play’ on the arrow above to learn how to protect yourself from online financial fraud — in just 90 seconds.
To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital, head over to our  Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Joshua Jackson and Diane Kruger Sell Los Angeles Home
New Study: Hands-Free Devices in Cars Does More Harm Than Good
Conn. gives health commissioner power to quarantine Ebola patientsBy Reid Wilson October 7 Follow @postreid
Gov. Dan Malloy (Jared Wickerham/Getty Images)
Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy (D) signed an order Tuesday allowing the state health commissioner to order quarantines for individuals who may have been exposed to the Ebola virus, a step he said would help fight any possible outbreak.
The order [pdf] gives Jewel Mullen, commissioner of the state Department of Public Health, authority to order isolation or quarantine for anyone believed to be exposed to or infected with the deadly virus.
“We are taking this action today to ensure that we are prepared, in advance, to deal with any identified cases in which someone has been exposed to the virus or, worst case, infected,” Malloy said in a statement . “[I]t is essential to be prepared and we need to have the authorities in place that will allow us to move quickly to protect public health, if and when that becomes necessary.”
The order declares a public health emergency in Connecticut even though there are no suspected cases of Ebola in the state.
Officials from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have tested dozens of people for the Ebola virus, and so far only one person — Thomas Duncan, the Liberian currently in critical condition in a Dallas hospital — has been positive.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Thomas Frieden said on Tuesday that the patient being treated for Ebola in Texas remains in critical condition. Frieden also said a Liberian district at the center of the outbreak is showing a significant decrease in cases. (AP)
Texas officials have ordered four of Duncan’s family members quarantined for at least two more weeks, through the end of Ebola’s 21-day incubation period. State law gives health officials the authority to quarantine people to prevent the spread of any disease.
Most other states have some law on the books offering varying degrees of quarantine power. The federal government, through the CDC, also has the power to detain and quarantine anyone arriving in the U.S. or traveling between states who may have a communicable disease, according to CNN legal analyst Paul Callan , though the last time that power was widely used was during an influenza epidemic in the early part of the 20th century, when more than 600,000 people died.
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

Federal workers to see another rate increase for health coverageBy Eric Yoder October 7
Federal employees will pay an average of about 4 percent more for their health insurance in 2015, marking the fourth straight year of increases in that range, government officials said Tuesday.
The Office of Personnel Management said there will be no significant coverage changes in the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program and that the number of carriers will also remain about the same at 257, with the majority of them being regional health maintenance organization plans.
The FEHBP is the nation’s largest employer-sponsored health plan, with about 4 million enrolled federal employees and retirees, plus about an equal number of covered family members. Those eligible will be able to newly enroll or change coverage during an open season Nov. 10-Dec. 8.
HECUhealth0701
The government pays 70 percent of premium costs overall, but because of the way the premium sharing formula works, the average enrollee premium will rise 3.8 percent while the government cost will rise 3 percent. That is slightly below the 4.4 percent and 3.7 percent increases of 2014.
In the most popular plan, the Blue Cross-Blue Shield standard option, which covers about 40 percent of FEHBP enrollees, biweekly premiums will increase by $3.21 for self-only coverage and $8.33 for family coverage, up 3.7 percent and 4.1 percent, respectively.
Active postal employees pay somewhat less for their insurance under terms of labor contracts with the U.S. Postal Service.
Officials said that the program has not had a four-year stretch of premium increases in the 4 percent range since the early 1990s.
Jonathan Foley, OPM director of policy and planning analysis, said that while there is no single benchmark plan to compare with the FEHBP, surveys show large private-sector employers expecting premium increases in the 3 percent to 7 percent range. “Generally, we feel we’re in the low end of the industry average,” he said.
The open season also is the annual opportunity for employees and retirees to enroll or change enrollments in the separate Federal Dental and Vision Insurance Program. Coverage terms also are remaining stable in that program, and average premiums are increasing by 1.7 percent for dental coverage and 1.5 percent for vision coverage. The government makes no contribution in that program.
Also during the open season, employees may elect to have pre-tax flexible spending accounts to pay for certain dependent care expenses and health-related expenses that are not covered by insurance.

Govt to set inflation target for RBI under new frameworkE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Stephen Collins accused of child molestationStephen Collins accused of child molestation
AP  Los Angeles, October 08, 2014
First Published: 09:34 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:32 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
Actor Stephen Collins has been accussed of child molestation. Two cable television networks said on Tuesday they would not broadcast scheduled re-runs of the veteran TV actor's beloved family series 7th Heaven. The networks, UP TV and TV Guide, announced the cancellations after details of molestation allegations against Collins were reported by celebrity website TMZ.
New York police confirmed on Tuesday they have an open investigation into allegations that the actor molested a teenage girl in the early 1970s. New York Police Department spokesman Stephen David said the complaint was filed in 2012 accusing Collins of forcing a then-14-year-old girl to commit a lewd act in the actor's Manhattan apartment in 1972. David added that the case remains open and is being handled by Special Victims Division detectives, but no charges have been filed.
Prosecutors will make a determination about whether any charges should be pursued.
Collins' lawyer, Mark Vincent Kaplan, and talent agent, Mark Teitelbaum, did not return messages seeking comment. Hollywood trade publications reported that Collins lost a role in the film Ted 2 and resigned from his position from the acting guild SAG-AFTRA. Pamela Greenwalt, a spokeswoman for SAG-AFTRA, declined comment on Collins' departure from its national board.
The actor's name had been removed from lists of current board membership by Tuesday afternoon. His estranged wife, Faye Grant, wrote in a sworn court declaration in Los Angeles last year that her husband had disclosed he molested at least three young girls. Grant wrote in the November 2012 declaration in the couple's divorce case that she reported abuse to Los Angeles police, who said they are not actively investigating the actor, but could not offer details on any previous investigations.
The Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office said it did not have records of a case being presented to prosecutors. "Stephen admitted that he has engaged in a long-term pattern of sexually abusing minor children, including sexually molesting three young girls over a decade ago," Grant wrote in the sworn declaration, which was filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court in November.
In March, Kaplan declined to discuss specifics about the claims, saying his response was included in court filings that described the accusations as an effort to obtain a more favorable settlement of the couple's divorce. The filings do not include a denial of the molestation allegations, but attack Grant's use of them as "an attempt to extort concessions in settlement" from Collins.
The report to New York police was made six months after Collins filed to divorce Grant. Grant and Collins separated in February 2012, roughly two weeks after the actor said she learned of her husband's abuse in therapy sessions, according to her declaration. Collins filed for divorce three months after the separation.
Grant stated that her husband has said two of the girls he molested were abused when they were between the ages of 10 and 14 years old. She said she had no indications that he was abusing girls until he disclosed it in therapy, and that she reported his disclosures to police in New York and Los Angeles.
Collins has worked steadily in television and movie roles since the early 1970s, with appearances in movies such as All the President's Men, Star Trek: The Motion Picture, and recurring roles on series such as No Ordinary Family, Revolution and Devious Maids after 7th Heaven concluded its 11-season run in 2007.
CBS Television Distribution, which owns and distributes reruns of 7th Heaven, declined comment on the cancellations by the two channels airing it domestically.
 

These charts answer an age-old questioncan money win you elections in IndiaSomeone's got to pay for that chopper.(Reuters/K. K. Arora)
SHARE
Devjyot Ghoshal @DevjyotGhoshal
October 8, 2014
Even before the heat and dust had settled, it was clear that the 2014 general elections was going to be  the most expensive in the history of India.
Now, as political parties begin to file their expenditure reports with the Election Commission of India, the impressive scale of the spending is becoming clearer.
The data reveals how running a political party in India is a bit like managing a team in Europe’s football leagues or Formula One racing—spending is a necessary but insufficient condition for a win.
The following chart shows how there is little correlation between spend per seat (total expenditure divided by the number of seats contested) and the number of seats won. These are among the best performing parties in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, excluding the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress, which still haven’t filed their expenditure reports. Also included below is the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK), which despite its dismal performance is a big spender.
Tap image to zoom
(BJD stands for the Biju Janata Dal, TDP is the Telugu Desam Party)
At the frugal end of the scale is Maharashtra’s Shiv Sena, which says it spent only Rs7.8 crores to contest 58 seats. Out of these, it won in 18.
That’s a stellar success rate compared with the DMK, which pumped in Rs41.51 crores across 35 seats and won absolutely nowhere.
These are, of course, only the official expenditure reports that are filed by political parties. It’s widely acknowledged that there is a vast pool of unaccounted funds that power these electoral campaigns. Still, the filings with the Election Commission give an inkling of the monetary wherewithal behind these parties. These amounts went into funding campaigns in addition to the money spent by individual candidates, which are capped by Election Commission norms based on a matrix that factors in location and population of constituencies. There is no limit on how much money a party can spend on an election.
Those advocating for reform of campaign funding have long held that Election Commission’s spending limits are unrealistic and end up being a source of illegal and opaque election funding, setting off a cycle of corruption that runs through the tenure of an elected representative.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC), currently the ruling party in West Bengal, has seen its fortunes rise after it came into power in 2011, ending the uninterrupted 34-year rule by the Communist Party of India (Marxist). Between 2009 and 2014, the TMC’s election war chest grew strongly, as did the expenditure by Tamil parties, the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) and the DMK.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Currently, though, the leaders of both the TMC and the AIADMK—Mamata Banerjee and Jayalalitha—are being troubled by allegations of corruptions. Banerjee is fending off accusations of impropriety in the Saradha scam, while Jayalalitha has had to step down as chief minister of Tamil Nadu after she was convicted in a disproportionate assets case.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Top 5 fun pizza facts you would like to knowlifestyle
Top 5 fun pizza facts you would like to know
Pizza is loved by foodies worldwide. As October is the National Pizza Month, make sure you know facts about the cheesy and delicious invention. Here are some of the common myths.
Myth: Italians are solely responsible for creating pizza.  Truth: The tomato saucy, cheesy pizza pies as we know them today do have their roots in Naples, but the ancient Greeks are credited with making pizza-like dishes before that.
Myth: You can always count on pizza to be relatively cheap.  Truth: There's actually one pizza that costs $1,000 in New York City and it includes caviar and lobster.
Myth: Most pizzas are ordered with plain cheese.  Truth: According to a data compiled by food delivery service Foodler in 2013, more people order pizza with toppings than just cheese.
Myth: Pepperoni is one of Italy's greatest contributions to pizza.  Truth: Pepperoni is an Italian-American creation. In Italian, the word "peperoni" actually means "large peppers" (as in bell peppers).
Myth: Pizza should only be reheated in the microwave or oven.   Truth: They are great options, but so is the grill.
Related

http://usat.ly/1oPoyWAFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
China currency push takes aim at dollar
Asia giant wants to make the renminbi part of an ubiquitous monetary unit used in official transactions around the world.
Post to Facebook
China currency push takes aim at dollar Asia giant wants to make the renminbi part of an ubiquitous monetary unit used in official transactions around the world. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xlBzfN
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
45
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
China currency push takes aim at dollar
David Marsh, Special for USA TODAY 5:25 p.m. EDT October 7, 2014
China is bidding to enter the heart of global finance by establishing its currency, the renminbi, as part of an ubiquitous monetary unit used in official transactions around the world.
(Photo: AP)
968 CONNECT 445 TWEET 64 LINKEDIN 45 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Protests over democracy in Hong Kong may be preoccupying the Chinese leadership, but a subject of still greater international importance is being played out this week behind closed doors in Washington. China is bidding to enter the heart of global finance by establishing its currency, the renminbi, as part of an ubiquitous monetary unit used in official transactions around the world.
The issue of whether the Chinese should be part of the International Monetary Fund's Special Drawing Right, the composite reserve currency used in official financing, is highly technocratic, but the political questions at stake go to the core of world money and power – and will be discussed, in the background, at the annual meetings of the IMF and World Bank in Washington this week.
The decision on a new  SDR structure, to be made in the next 15 months, will influence how China and its currency can play a bigger part in driving world trade, investment and capital flows. The renminbi could eventually challenge the dollar and its pivotal position in world money — which is why the U.S. government and Federal Reserve are examining this with intense interest.
IMF trims global growth forecast http://t.co/CsCxj60FQ1 via @usatoday
— Paul Davidson (@PDavidsonusat) October 7, 2014
China is unlikely to mount an open campaign to enter the SDR, grouping the main reserve currencies, the dollar, the euro (linking countries in European monetary union led by Germany and France), the Japanese yen and British pound, and is valued at around $1.5.
Beijing would prefer the question of recalculating the composition of the SDR, which comes up for review in 2015,  to follow market developments, reflecting a big increase in  demand for renminbi financing from private banks, central banks, traders, corporations and asset managers.
Many hurdles remain. These include the renminbi's lack of formal convertibility for transactions that shift capital inside and outside the country, where Beijing is reluctant to abolish all controls. In addition, China still has to release more statistics to the Fund about its monetary reserves and other matters. However, Chinese measures over the past three years  to  liberalize and internationalize its currency, and a big increase in financial market interest in China, are pointing toward a broadening of the SDR's composition from January 2016.
An additional factor is China's own action to galvanize  emerging market economies toward reforming word monetary arrangements. This includes the five-nation Brics group's decision to set  up the New Development Bank in Shanghai, potentially challenging the IMF and the World Bank.
As the world's No. 2 economy after the U.S., China believes it is close to earning the status of a reserve money, the first time that an emerging market currency would attain this position. Chinese entry into the "magic circle" has  been advanced by the British government's September decision to issue renminbi-denominated bonds, the first big government to take such a step, and allow the proceeds to be held as reserves by the Bank of England.
The main conditions for the renminbi to pass the SDR test are that it should be widely used in trade and be "freely usable" in international payments and asset management. Although a long way behind the dollar, the renminbi has made impressive strides recently and is challenging the euro in several key fields.
Next year's planned  review will touch, too, on the opportunity for the SDR to play a greater role on financial markets, for example in denominating bond issues. The SDR has lost ground as a financial vehicle in the past two decades, reflecting  the surging importance of    international private sector capital markets. But with the addition of the renminbi, it may be about to make a comeback.
David Marsh is Managing Director of Official Monetary and Financial Institutions Forum, a London think-tank.
968 CONNECT 445 TWEET 64 LINKEDIN 45 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xlBzfN
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

Sensex  Nifty Choppy; IT Stocks SinkYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Choppy; IT Stocks Sink
NDTV | Updated On: October 08, 2014 12:55 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
The BSE Sensex fell as much as 98 points in the noon trade after remaining range bound in the morning trade.
As of 12.15 p.m. the Sensex traded 85 points lower at 26,186, while the Nifty was down 23 points at 7,829. Defensive sectors like IT and pharma witnessed maximum selloff.
The IT index was down over 3 per cent. Infosys fell over 4 per cent ahead of its earning on Friday as Citigroup downgraded the stock to neutral from buy citing expensive valuation. The investment bank has also downgraded Tech Mahindra to sell from neutral and MindTree to sell from buy. Tech Mahindra was the biggest loser on Nifty, down 5 per cent, while Wipro and MindTree were down between 3-3.5 per cent each.
Shares in drug makers also came under selling pressure. Cipla, Sun Pharma and Dr Reddy's all down between 2.5-3 per cent.
However some buying were seen in banking, oil & gas, and capital goods stocks. The Bank Nifty was up 0.6 per cent led by SBI, IndusInd Bank and Bank of India. State Bank of India, the country's biggest lender, gained 1 per cent after CLSA said it remained its best bet in the PSU space. IndusInd Bank also gained nearly 2.5 per cent, Deutsche Bank maintained buy on the stock with a target price of Rs 700 per share, an upside of 14 per cent from current levels.
Oil & Gas companies also gained as Brent crude prices fell to 27-month low on global growth concerns. Oil retailers like HPCL, BPCL and IOC gained between 3 - 4.5 per cent as lower crude prices will boost their margins. ONGC gained 1.6 per cent as its subsidy burden is likely to come down due to lower crude oil prices.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Nokia Chennai plant shutdown: Employees  Union mulling legal action; Centre says  one-offE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sandesh zooms over 40% in two days on heavy volumesSandesh zooms over 40% in two days on heavy volumes
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 01:14 PM IST
Shares of Sandesh has surged 18% to Rs 512, extending its previous day’s rally, on back of heavy volumes in otherwise subdued market.
The stock trading at its 52-week high, rallied 41% in past two trading sessions from Rs 361 on National Stock Exchange (NSE).
The counter has seen huge trading volume with a combined around 381,000 shares already changed hands so far compared to an average sub 25,000 shares that were traded daily in past two weeks on NSE and BSE.
As of September 30, 2014, the promoters held 74.81% stake in the company. Bodies corporate held 13.32%, while retail investors held 11.17% holding in the company.
Sandesh publishes daily and weekly newspapers and magazines and is Gujarat’s largest and most influential media house.
 

Nod to 33 long-pending defence projectsGovernment approves 33 long-pending defence projects
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 15:32 IST
Commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman.
The government has cleared 33 long-pending defence projects, including those of Reliance Aerospace, Bharat Forge, Mahindra Telephonic Integrated Systems and Tata Advanced Materials, a move that is expected to boost advanced manufacturing and attract huge investment. The decision would also boost Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign.
Applicants in 14 pending cases have been informed that licences are not required anymore as a vast number of defence items have been delicensed.
According to a Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) statement on Tuesday, it has been possible to approve these cases as a consequence of the simplification of the foreign direct investment (FDI) policy. The FDI cap in defence has been raised from 26 per cent to 49 per cent, and portfolio investment up to 24 per cent of the total equity of the investee/joint venture company has been permitted under the automatic route. The requirement of 51 per cent equity ownership by a single Indian investor/company has been done away with.
The defence products list for industrial licensing has been issued, wherein large number of parts/components, castings/forgings, etc. have been excluded from preview of industrial licensing.
Similarly, dual use item, having military as well as civilian application (unless classified as defence items) now do not require an industrial licence from the defence angle. This has enabled domestic and international companies to undertake manufacturing without going through a lengthy process. The applicant company now only needs to file an Industrial Entrepreneur Memorandum for these items and implement his project through the automatic route.
"It is expected that the approval for these 33 applications and the deregulation of the defence product list excluding a large number of components from purview of industrial licensing will provide a major impetus to advanced manufacturing in defence sector," the statement added.
The Licensing Committee also discussed possibility of removal of stipulation of annual capacity in the industrial licence as also to permit sale of licensed items to other entities under the control of home ministry, state governments, PSUs and other defence licensed companies without requiring approval of the Department of Defence Production.
It was agreed that the above stipulation would be relaxed subject to submission of bi-annual returns by the unit. DIPP would soon notify the above decision by issue of a press note, the statement said.

Govt to look into people s concerns on Flipkart s massive discount saleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hero MotoCorp launches two bikes priced up to Rs 51 550Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Hero MotoCorp launches two bikes priced up to Rs 51,550
PTI
New Delhi, Oct 8:  
Hero MotoCorp today launched two new products in the market to cash in on the festive season.
The company launched 100cc Splendor Pro Classic, which has a cafe racer styling, priced at Rs 48,650 (ex-showroom Delhi) and another 100cc on-road-off-road bike Passion Pro TR at Rs 51,550 (ex-showroom Delhi).
Commenting on the launches, the company said: “Having kicked-off the festive season with record 6-lakh plus sales in September, Hero MotoCorp has lined up a slew of new products, including refreshes and variants in the festive season.”
Hero MotoCorp had reported over 30 per cent jump in sales in September to six lakh units, riding on strong festive season demand.
The company said Splendor Pro Classic offers a distinct riding experience with its cafe racer styling and its features include classic single seat, vintage style cafowl and sporty handle bar.
On the other hand, the Passion Pro TR offers an adventurous ride to young Indian bikers with its ability to take them off the conventional roads, it added.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Pakistan troops kill 2 women in border shellingPakistan troops kill 2 women in border shelling
PTI
Tweet
Reuters A villager clears the debris from his house, which locals said was damaged by firing from the Pakistan side of the border, at Trewa village near Jammu October 7, 2014.
PTI A village woman shows the tail of a mortar shell fired from the Pakistan side at Arnia sector in Jammu on Tuesday.
Jammu, Oct 8:  
Two women of a family were today killed and 15 others injured in heavy mortar shelling and firing by Pakistani troops along the international border in Jammu and Kashmir, taking the death toll to eight in the continued ceasefire violations by Pakistan for over a week.
Pakistani Rangers targeted 50 border out posts (BoPs) and 35 hamlets overnight along the 192-km boundary. The escalation has triggered an exodus, with 16,000 people moving to safer areas from border villages.
Over 70 people have been injured in the ceasefire violations by Pakistan, including 15 today.
Pakistani Rangers target Chillary village along IB in Samba district around 7.30 a.m. today. In the mortar shelling, Shukuntla Devi and her daughter-in-law Poli Devi were killed while their husbands along with two children of Poli were injured, Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP), Samba, Anil Mangotra told PTI.
All the inhabitants of village with a population 1,700 have fled from border hamlet to safety.
Along the Line of Control (LoC), the firing stopped last night in Mendhar & Poonch sectors after Indian forces gave a befitting reply, defence officials said.
Among the 15 injured today, three were BSF jawans. All of them have been shifted to Government Medical College (GMC) hospital, the SSP said.
Jorda Farm border hamlet was hit by shelling at 9 a.m., police officials said. Six persons were injured when they were returning after night stay in shelter camp in R S Pura. They were shifted to GMC hospital for treatment, they said.
Earlier, a BSF spokesman today said that “Pakistani Rangers again resorted to unprovoked mortar shelling and heavy firing on BSF posts all along IB since 8 p.m. last night.”
As many as 50 BSF BoPs were affected by the fire from Pakistan side, he said, adding areas along IB in Arnia, R S Pura, Kanachak and Pargwal sub-sectors in Jammu and Samba districts were targeted.
Eight people have been killed and 71 others including BSF jawans injured in Pakistani shelling and firing along LoC and IB in Jammu and Poonch districts in over two dozen ceasefire violations since October 1 this year.
On Monday, Pakistani troops violated ceasefire by resorting to heavy firing and shelling in Arnia belt along IB in Jammu in which 5 people were killed and 34 injured.
On October 3, Pakistani troops violated ceasefire in Gulamarg sector of Kashmir Valley and in Poonch and Jammu sectors in which a girl was killed and six persons were injured.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

FirstGroup loses bid to retain ScotRailFirstGroup loses bid to retain ScotRail franchise
By Jane Wild and David Oakley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9489f0ee-4eb9-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Karan Johar designs forwomenFilmmaker Karan Johar has made his debut in designing female wear for a clothing brand.
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 2:34 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 2:36 pm
Filmmaker Karan Johar has made his debut in designing female wear for a clothing brand. (See Pic: Kangana Ranaut on the ramp for Karan Johar, Gauri Khan off it)
The newly-launched Vero Moda marquee collection has been created keeping in mind the latest trends.
Karan Johar , 42, who has often worked as a costume designer in his films, said, “Through the years, I have used my films as an outlet to showcase my own sense of fashion which is luxurious and grand, yet functional at the same time.
“This is my first attempt to recreate my own distinct style by putting together a collection for a women’s fashion brand. The fact that I get to do it for a brand like Vero Moda makes it very exciting for me.”
This occasion-wear line comprised of stylish separates and ensembles, which are opulent yet functional.
“Karan’s take on fashion is an interesting confluence of styles inspired by high-street trends and haute-couture. The launch of this exclusive collection will add to our fashion repertoire and help us re-define fashion trends,” Vineet Gautam, Country Head, Vero Moda, said.
Karan Johar made his stint as a fashion designer with Varun Bahl for men’s collection four years ago.

Amitabh Bachchan to participate in charity event for KashmirhelpPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 2:22 pm
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan is all set to participate in a fund raising event for Kashmir flood victims and has also appealed his fans to participate in the relief work.
The 71-year-old actor called on the Hindi film industry to contribute for the residents of the state who faced the worst floods in decades.
“Met Film Guild and Event team to participate in Telethon for Kashmir Help… “HUM HAIN UMEED-e-KASHMIR”… October 18. Film Industry to work and contribute towards our brothers and sisters in pain from recent floods…! I will… You must too!,” he posted on Twitter.
Many other Bollywood celebrities including Hrithik Roshan, Shahid Kapoor, Shraddha Kapoor and Kunal Kapoor too have been raising funds to help the victims.

Nokia Chennai plant shutdown: Employees Union mulling legalactionNokia has announced its decision to suspend operations at its facility in Sriperumbudur near Chennai.
PTI | Chennai | Posted: October 8, 2014 2:15 pm
Nokia  announced its decision to suspend operations at its facility in Sriperumbudur near here, the employees’ Union is looking at “legal options”.
According to Nokia India Employees Union, there are about 900 employees still working at the factory. Following the Nokia-Microsoft USD 7.2 billion deal, the voluntary retirement scheme was offered for employees and 5,700 of them opted for it, from the total of 6,600.
Yesterday, Nokia announced that it would suspend handset manufacturing at the Chennai plant from November, due to the termination of services agreement with Microsoft.
Responding to the company’s decision, Nokia India Thozhilalargal Sangam (Nokia India Employees Union), Honorary President and sitting MLA A Soundararajan said: “This is illegal. They have indirectly told us to leave the organisation. We are asking them to take care of our future. Some of the employees are working here for several years.”
Nokia India Employees Union is a registered trade body and is backed by CITU.
Asked about further course of action, he said, “The management has issued circular in the factory about suspension of operations at the plant. We decided to hold a meeting last night. But it has been postponed.”
“We will be meeting again later this week and decide. We will pursue legal options. We are also planning to meet the Labour Department,” he told PTI.
According to him, about 900 employees would lose their jobs following the suspension of operations at the plant.
Another Union official flayed the management for not giving any clear picture on the future of the employees.
“They (Management) have clearly informed that the plant will suspend operations. But they did not inform about the future of the employees who are currently working there…”, Nokia India Employees Union Advisor, M UdhayaKumar said.
In a statement issued yesterday, Nokia said it is evaluating options to minimise the impact on existing employees at the plant and would share further information once the details have been finalised.
According to the Union, the factory employed about 8,000 people, of which 60 per cent comprise women. About 10,000 people were indirectly employed in the region.
On being questioned, the Centre today said it will look into the issue and make efforts to ensure that such incidents do not occur again.
“We will certainly see how best (such) matter don’t occur again and we will encourage ‘Make In India’ campaign,” Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said here.
Sitharaman, who is also Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, was responding to queries on Nokia announcing suspension of its plant and whether it will affect the government’s recently launched ‘Make In India’ campaign.
“This is an issue specifically related to a particular company and there is an issue on that. We are seized of the matter. We will look at it,” she said.

Why Warren Buffett is betting big on renewab...Why Warren Buffett is betting big on renewables in Nevada
New York Times Oct 8, 2014, 02.31PM IST
Tags:
(Through his companies,…)
By Felicity Barringer
MOAPA: Roads often follow rivers, taking advantage of the level ground created by water. But here in the desert of south central Nevada, the road and the river grew together. Only the river does not carry water. At the edge of Interstate 15, a crackling river of electrons provides power not just to Nevada's homes, mines and casinos, but also to parts of California, as well.
For years, many of those electrons were generated by coal, a fuel now largely abandoned here thanks to both economics and legislative decree. Now an increasing percentage of them are coming from renewable sources - geothermal, solar and wind. This makes them all the more salable now that California, the biggest energy market in the West, severely restricts the purchase of electricity associated with excessive greenhouse gases.
This has not escaped the attention of Warren E. Buffett, the country's premier investor. Through his companies, he has in recent years acquired two major utilities, NV Energy and PacifiCorp Energy, which are poised to take advantage of the energy market recently expanded by California.
Thanks in part to the transmission lines alongside Interstate 15, Buffett's company, Berkshire Hathaway, and its subsidiary Berkshire Hathaway Energy stand to make steady, predictable profits in an energy market undergoing transformations.
"This is not a value play," said Christine Tezak, managing director of research at ClearView Energy Partners, referring to Buffett's normally conservative investing approach. "He's looking at this as a way to participate in the structural shift taking place in the power and energy industry."
In the short term, the transition is going to mean construction of many renewable power plants in Nevada. Around sunbaked Las Vegas, these have been solar plants. Further north, they have been geothermal plants. They help make Nevada, a state whose energy was largely coal-fired 10 years ago, a good fit for the Environmental Protection Agency's pending rule discouraging coal-fired plants.
"The goal of the rule was to send a small market signal to the utilities of the direction they should move in," said Jared Blumenfeld, the director of EPA's Region 9, which covers the Southwest and Hawaii. Existing state mandates, he said, ensured that "in some cases, they were already moving in that direction."
  California's newly formed "energy imbalance market" - a multistate grid system that aims to ensure steady power despite the variable output of wind and solar - will create more customers for the new renewables as well as the considerable coal-generated energy of PacifiCorp.
Stefan Bird, a senior vice president of PacifiCorp, said the system would use power sources spread over the region to increase the grid's efficiency. "You get into different geographical regions; wind performs differently in different areas," he said. Similarly, solar plants in California not at optimal power in the morning could be offset by Nevada installations to the east already at full strength.
Regulators overseeing the market say they believe the system will save consumers money and eventually will be able to include everything from PacifiCorp's Wyoming-based wind projects to Nevada's solar and geothermal resources, ensuring that power can be dispatched in minutes to areas of unexpected demand. NV Energy expects to join the new California market in a year, after it gets federal approval.
It has taken years to assemble the pieces of the puzzle that have made these investments enticing to Buffett and others. In those years, the energy market in the Far West and Southwest has been transformed, by both the falling price of natural gas and the rise of renewables.
In 2005, Berkshire Hathaway Energy bought PacifiCorp, a Western utility now providing about 10.5 gigawatts of energy from Oregon to Wyoming, for $5.1 billion. In 2013, Buffett, who has long expressed his conviction that coal-fired energy will be a thing of the past, paid $5.6 billion for NV Energy, which has more than six gigawatts of generation capacity - more than 15 percent of it renewable power, largely solar and geothermal. Much of the rest is fired by natural gas.
One pressing early need for the new plants was finding new routes to the energy market. For decades, generating plants have been located near coal train tracks or natural gas pipelines, with power lines designed for them.
But solar, wind and geothermal energy cannot travel by train or pipeline. In Nevada, a new high-voltage line now runs more than 230 miles from Ely in the north - near the wellspring of the state's geothermal resources - to the Las Vegas area. A $343 million federal loan guarantee undergirded the $552 million project.

Kesoram Industries puts Birla Tyre on the blockPrices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
MUMBAI: BK Birla's Kesoram Industries has embarked upon a massive restructuring exercise which will pave the way for the inventual takeover of the company by Kumar Mangalam Birla . Sources with direct knowledge share that Kesoram Industries has decided to exit the tyre business and has mandated BofA-ML for the sale process.
The deal is at an initial stage and experts point out that the replacement value of Birla Tyre could be close to Rs 1,500 cr which is higher than its parent company, Kesoram Industries' current market capitalisation. Kesoram Industries has a huge debt pile of over Rs 4,500 cr and the sale of Birla Tyre will help the company in reducing its debt burden, a source said.
"Tyre sector has been attracting investor interest and this is an opportune time for the Birlas to sell the tyre manufacturing assets" an expert said.
BK Birla's company operates in four businesses including tyre, cement, rayon, heavy chemicals. Tyre business accounts for about 60% of its topline but the operational cost of the company is on the higher side which has impacted its performance. Birla Tyre has manufacturing facilities at Balasore in Odisha and Laksar near Haridwar in Uttaranchal.
According to sources close to the Birla Group, the rejig at Kesoram Industries is a sign of an eventual takeover of the company by KM Birla, as stated in BK Birla's will. KM Birla's Pilani Investments owns 24.9% stake in Kesoram which is just below the open offer trigger limit.
Kesoram Industries' spokesperson said, "We must clearly and categorically state that Kesoram Industries Limited is not aware of any of the developments indicated in the news stream. This makes the contents of the news stream speculative." Aditya Birla Group declined to respond to ET NOW's query.

Daily Milk Deliveries Make Comeback in Pennsylvania
Nihilent acquires American BI provider GNet GroupNihilent acquires American BI provider GNet Group
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Oct 8:  
Pune-based consulting and solutions integrations company Nihilent Technologies has acquired GNet Group LLC, a US-based services and solutions company.
Headquartered in Minneapolis, GNet Group has operations in Mid-western and South Central United States, and expertise in business intelligence services, SharePoint and application development.
“We are excited for the opportunities that this acquisition brings both Nihilent and GNet Group’s customers,” L C Singh, Vice-Chairman and CEO of Nihilent said in a statement.
Integration operations have already begun, Minoo Dastur, President and COO, Nihilent added.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

We want to change the way Indians look at smartphones: JollafoundersPrint
A smartphone is more than just its spec sheet and hardware. (Source: Jolla)
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 2:59 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 3:06 pm
There are many smartphone buyers in India who see Jolla as yet another new Chinese mobile brand. For them, here’s the Jolla story narrated by Sami Pienimäki, co-founder and CMO and Marc Dillon, co-founder and COO of Jolla. And note the name is not jhola or jollah (in Indian accent), it’s pronounced as “yolla”.
In an attempt to regain market share in 2004, Nokia was looking forward to create a new Linux-based smartphone operating system called Maemo. The project was soon merged with Intel Moblin (Mobile Linux) project and was renamed MeeGo. In September 2011, Nokia launched its first and only smartphone running the Linux-based MeeGo OS called the Nokia N9.
After the launch of N9, Nokia shifted its focus to Windows Phone and abandoned the entire MeeGo project. “We all worked with Nokia for a long time building products. After Nokia changed its strategy in February 2011, we looked at the people who worked for this asset called MeeGo. The project was invested heavily by Nokia and Intel till 2011. We realised that not only we could build our own product from where Nokia left it, but we also felt that the market really needed a change,” said Dillion.
So, Jolla is a Finnish brand with its headquarters in Helsinki, Finland (and definitely NOT Chinese). Period. Jolla was founded by ex-Nokia employees who were working in Nokia’s MeeGo team in late 2011 and Sailfish smartphone operating system is its creation. Sailfish OS is presently available on Jolla smartphones only. However, users can try the Sailfish launcher on their Android smartphones as well.
When Nokia abandoned MeeGo in 2011, the Jolla team had the open source components of MeeGo but the team had to create the Sailfish OS from ground zero as they did not have access to Nokia’s patents and IPs. “Right from 2004 till 2011, Nokia, Intel and others invested around a billion Euros in the project. After 2011, we took the open source MeeGo base and we stared to invest and collect a significant amount of interest in the Sailfish open source code base. Now, after building the Sailfish OS, we are inviting other manufacturers to use it,” said Pienimäki.
Jolla smartphone was launched in Europe last year. Many feel that Jolla is late in entering the Indian market. In reply, Dillion says that it takes a lot of time to create an operating system which is the primary reason of very few choices being available. “We don’t know whether we are late or not but we are certainly happy with our efforts to enter India now,” he said.
Jolla partnered with Snapdeal to launch its first Sailfish smartphone in India. Tony Navin, senior vice president, Electronics & Home, Snapdeal.com feels that most smartphone in the Indian market are similar. “Apart from the form factor or hardware, there are no major differentiators. Going by the trend, consumers are now looking for something that can stand apart,” he said.
Going by the spec sheet, the Jolla smartphones sounds pretty ordinary. Yes, the Sailfish OS is different, but is it good enough to make Jolla stand apart, especially in a smartphone market which is driven by low costs and high-sounding spec sheets?
“This is what we want to change. A smartphone is more than just its spec sheet and hardware. I doubt how many buyers actually need high smartphone compute power. One doesn’t need an octa-core processor to perform regular activities or even play most of the games. Also, more the CPU cores, lesser the battery life. We aim to provide a good all-round smartphone experience and deliver a fresh operating system to consumers,” said Pienimäki. Also, the company promises to send frequent updates.
Earlier, many reviewers stated that the smartphone is inspired by the Nokia N9 and Jolla has put together the best features of Android, Windows Phone and BlackBerry 10 operating systems to create the Sailfish OS. To this, Dillon said, “Yes. The Jolla smartphone may be inspired by the N9 but the Sailfish OS is completely unique. We did not look at any other operating systems while creating it. As it’s an open source project, I would say others took inspiration from our Saifish OS.”
Jolla has always focused on ‘the other half’ of the smartphone which is essentially the back cover.
Jolla calls the rear half as “The Other Half” and claims it to be more than just a back cover. These are smart covers which can automatically change the colour theme, wallpaper, font along with some tweaks to the UI when changed. Jolla will look forward to further innovate this segment to even include solar panels. “The smart back cover opens up a new avenues of creativity and invention,” added Pienimäki.

Pallavi Sharda gears up for Australianfilm"I will begin the workshops for this film from Diwali. I am not allowed to reveal much about this film."
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 2:55 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 3:02 pm
Actress Pallavi Sharda, who made her Bollywood debut with ‘Besharam’, will soon begin workshops to prepare for an Australian film.
“I have just wrapped my film ‘Hawaaizaada’ and now I will start shooting for my next project, which is an Australian film in a couple of months. The film is about a real life case. It’s a criminal story based on a novel written by Helen Garner,” Pallavi told IANS.
“I will begin the workshops for this film from Diwali. I am not allowed to reveal much about this film.”
Meanwhile, talking about her film “Hawaaizaada”, she said: “I had a great time shooting for this film. I feature opposite Ayushmann Khurrana in the film. It’s a period drama and I am eagerly waiting for its release.”

Lil Kim accused of skipping meetingfansPress Trust of India | London | Posted: October 8, 2014 2:51 pm
Rapper Lil Kim has been threatened with legal action after allegedly skipping a planned meet-and-greet with fans at a gay nightclub.
The Lighters Up hitmaker’s agent, Michael Benedetti, signed a 14,375 pounds deal on the hip-hop star’s behalf to have her perform at The Manor in Florida over the weekend and mingle with 100 devotees, reported Contactmusic.
However, bosses at The Manor claim Kim, 40, showed up late for the event and snubbed the fan meeting – forcing promoters to hand out refunds to disgruntled party-goers.
They are now planning to sue the rapper for breach of contract. Kim alleges she was not made aware of the meet-and-greet session.

Javed Akhtar completes 50 years in Bollywood  says survived as he was open toadaptPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 2:45 pm
Noted lyricist and screenwriter Javed Akhtar just completed 50 years in the film industry and he attributes his success and longevity to his ability to adapt to the generational changes.
Javed Akhtar, 69, began his cinematic journey in 1964 when he stepped foot in Mumbai from Gwalior to pursue his creative dreams. Since then there has been no looking back as he went on to achieve success and popularity, first as a screenplay writer and then as one of the most successful songwriters Bollywood has ever produced.
“I must thank all those people who were around me and supported me at one stage or another. But in the course of my journey I have realised that it is important to have respect for the younger generation and honestly accept that people half your age know things which you don’t. If you try and listen to them and understand what she or he is saying then there will be no generation gap,” said Javed Akhtar.
The lyricist, who has successfully collaborated with veterans like RD Burman, Shiv-Hari to much younger composers like AR Rahman, Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy among others, said he has always been open to learning throughout his career.
“I have always welcomed the exchange of knowledge between young and old. But I never adopted it as a policy that I have to have an open mind. I genuinely worked towards bridging the generation gap. I think I survived so long as I never tried to impose my age on young people,” he said.
Javed Akhtar has also worked with his children — actor-director Farhan and filmmaker Zoya — in many of their films and he said he has never faced any problem collaborating with them.
“When I am working I am not their father. They don’t feel awkward or pressurised. They freely express their views and that is how I like to work,” he said.
Javed Akhtar began his career as a scriptwriter. He along with his writing partner Salim Khan, credited as Salim-Javed, gave several superhit film in the ’70s and early ’80s including ‘Zanjeer’, ‘Deewar’ and ‘Sholay’.
He eventually shifted to writing lyrics for films and achieved several accolades. When asked which phase did he enjoy most in his career, Akhtar said, “From 1970-78, we had an unbelievable run… there is no doubt about it. But I equally enjoyed writing lyrics.
“Those were the times perhaps the film music was going through a different patch. ‘Silsila’, ’1941- A Love Story’… film music took a different direction. That was also a very satisfying and enjoyable period.”
Being there in the film industry for the past 50 years, Akhtar has been continued…

Indian job market records 14% growth in Sept...You are here: Home > Collections
Hiring records 14% growth in September; jobs galore across sectors
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 03.10PM IST
(The hiring pattern is strong…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian job market registered 14 per cent growth during September as major sectors are on a revival mode and hiring activities have picked up across the board, says a report.
TimesJobs.com's employment index -- The RecruiteX -- recorded 14 per cent increase in September 2014 over August 2014 with the IT/Telecom industry witnessing a 20 per cent increase in employment opportunities in just one month.
"Considering the current pattern, it seems the Indian job market will stabilise in the coming months as the major sectors are on a revival mode and hiring activity picks up across core and support functions," TimesJobs.com COO Vivek Madhukar said.
Though the hiring pattern is strong across all levels in the IT/Telecom industry, the time is best for senior IT professionals to look for a job.
Job opportunities have doubled for senior IT professionals with over 20 years' experience, with a 67 per cent increase from January to September 2014 period.
As per TimesJobs.com data, software engineers, application programmers, database administrators, graphic designers/animators/web designers and project leaders/project managers are the hottest jobs in the IT industry, currently.
Meanwhile, the abundance of jobs is not limited to the IT/Telecom sector, the ITeS/BPO industry has also reported an 18 per cent increase in job postings in September 2014.
Moreover, hiring in high-volume sectors such as BFSI, retail, healthcare/pharmaceutical/biotechnology is also on a revival mode.
Among the top metros, Delhi NCR is leading recruitment charts with a 21 per cent increase in job postings, followed by Bangalore. In tier I locations, Hyderabad reported a double-digit growth in demand.
Mid-level hiring (of professionals with 5-10 years experience) was upbeat in September 2014. The demand for over 20 years and 2-5 years experience reported a 10 and 12 per cent growth, respectively, the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Japan Nobel winner is salaryman who took on ...» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Japan Nobel winner Shuji Nakamura is known as the salaryman who stood up to a corporation -- and won
By AFP | 8 Oct, 2014, 02.57PM IST
0
Share More
Nakamura was employed at Nichia Corp. when he carried out the research that led to his invention of the blue LED in 1993, with the patent registered under the company name.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Japan celebrated three more Nobel prizes Wednesday, including for a scientist remembered as the salaryman who stood up to a corporation -- and won.
Shuji Nakamura was one of a trio recognised for their pioneering work in the creation of the blue LED, a development that paved the way for energy-efficient lighting.
Nakamura was employed at Nichia Corp. when he carried out the research that led to his invention of the blue LED in 1993, with the patent registered under the company name.
His initial bonus from the company was only 20,000 yen (less than $200), despite the huge financial gains for the firm.
Nakamura later sued his employer, demanding 20 billion yen, a record at that time in a Japanese patent trial.
In a landmark ruling in 2004, the Tokyo District Court ordered the company to pay the sum demanded by Nakamura.
"Engineers have long been ignored," Nakamura said afterwards. Nichia appealed, but settled on a payment of 844 million yen in 2005, more than $8 million.
The case was widely watched for its potential to set a precedent for how Japanese companies treat inventors on their payroll, who generally get a pittance in exchange for sometimes revolutionary and hugely profitable inventions.
After the Nobel Prize was announced on Tuesday, Nakamura said he had been driven to great heights of scientific achievement by anger at the way he was always treated like an outsider.
Nakamura, currently a professor at University of California, Santa Barbara, never lived in Tokyo and was not from an elite university or a giant well-known firm.
He once said students looked down on him when he was studying in the United States -- where he had been sent by the company -- as he did not have a PhD.
"My desire to get back at them led to the invention of the (blue) LED," he earlier said, according to the Nikkei business daily.
The outspoken scientist, who is now an American citizen, was recognised along with Isamu Akasaki and Hiroshi Amano.
Japanese media effusively welcomed news of the triple win, with newspapers issuing special editions and television stations flashing the news.
Headlines ranged from "Miracle of Blue, Crystalisation of Passion" in the usually sober Nikkei to "Passion Invites Revolution" in the mass circulation Asahi daily.

Market @ 3: Mood bearish  Nifty defends 7850 |  State polls to have big impact on D-StreetMarkets rangebound; top 20 trading bets
ET Now Oct 8, 2014, 03.03PM IST
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian markets are trading in the red, thanks t global growth worries.
At 2:58 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,336.69, up 64.72 points. The Nifty was at 7,866.90, down 14.50 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Cipla Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 560 and a stop loss of Rs 590
Aurobindo Pharma Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 950 and a stop loss of Rs 975
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 535 and a stop loss of Rs 500
IndusInd Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 635 and a stop loss of Rs 600
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 293 and a stop loss of Rs 312
NTPC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 148 and a stop loss of Rs 139
Bata India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1405 and a stop loss of Rs 1324
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 378 and a stop loss of Rs 362
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
BPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 681 and a stop loss of Rs 661
Aurobindo Pharma Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 932 and a stop loss of Rs 968
Wipro Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 580 and a stop loss of Rs 610
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 218 and a stop loss of Rs 207
Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 240 and a stop loss of Rs 225
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 950 and a stop loss of Rs 925
Shrikant Chouhan, Senior VP - Technical Research, Kotak Securities
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 197
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1500 and a stop loss of Rs 1415
Tata Steel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 465 and a stop loss of Rs 435
Rakesh Bansal, VP- R K Global
NMDC is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 152 and a stop loss of Rs 169
IndusInd Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 570 and a stop loss of Rs 635
Canara Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 337 and a stop loss of Rs 363.50
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Traffic snarls during Dasara highlight need for decongestionUpdated: October 8, 2014 15:25 IST
Traffic snarls during Dasara highlight need for decongestion
R. Krishna Kumar
Mysore
It calls for shifting some programmes away from the palace
Traffic snarls, with vehicles taking up to 75 minutes to go around the Mysore Palace during Dasara, has highlighted the imperativeness of shifting some of the programmes to different locations to decongest the city during the festival period.
It also calls for regulating the traffic around the palace by restricting the vehicular movement only to Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation buses to minimise congestion, which is threatening to take the sheen of the celebrations.
While Mysore Palace continues to hold centre stage for cultural programmes, and the illuminated Amba Vilas Palace the cynosure of all eyes, the Curzon Park — adjoining the palace — used to be the venue for the Dasara flower show, and this adds to the congestion.
This year, although the venue of the flower show was shifted to the Kuppanna Park, it did not help decongest the area. On the contrary, there were complaints that it was a wrong choice as there was no parking facilities in the vicinity and by being close to the Hardinge Circle and the palace, the traffic situation only worsened. Cultural programmes are held at the palace, Town Hall, Jaganmohan Palace auditorium and Chikk Gadiyara, all of which are within walking distance from one another, and draw a large crowd. The Dasara flower show being a popular event, it draws a larger crowd and compounds the congestion. Hence the imperativeness of identifying new venues and relocating some programmes to decongest the city centre.
There is another view that in case the authorities cannot relocate the programmes to disperse the crowd, there should be traffic regulations in place and merely designating the entire stretch as one-way will not help.
K.S. Nagapati, Director, Mahajana Tourism Development Institute, told The Hindu that the area around the palace should be declared a no-traffic zone and only KSRTC buses should be permitted to ply. He pointed out that a similar system was in vogue at Chamundi Hills during the Ashada season, when private vehicles were banned to the hills. They were provided with parking space near the Lalitha Mahal Palace and KSRTC buses ferry the tourists and visitors to the hilltop and bring them back for free so that there was no traffic congestion at Chamundi Hills. The same system can be adopted at Mysore during Dasara by declaring the road around the palace as “traffic-free zone” and restricting the entry only to KSRTC buses, said Prof. Nagapati.
Similarly, the venues of Dasara food mela at Scouts and Guides grounds and the Yuva Dasara at Maharaja’s College grounds are close to each other. Being very popular among the public, the entire stretch gets clogged and hence the imperativeness of dispersing them to residential areas by identifying a suitable place, said Prof. Nagapati.
While the general feedback about the just-concluded Dasara is favourable, there is a growing aversion among the local community to the traffic congestion that builds up during the events conducted around the palace.

Beyond flash sale fiasco: Why Flipkart  peers need to worryOct 08, 2014, 02.52 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Beyond flash sale fiasco: Why Flipkart, peers need to worry
A case over anti-competitive practices, companies considering not honouring warranties of products sold online and regulatory troubles mean India's fast-growing online retailers have a problem.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Beyond flash sale fiasco: Why Flipkart, peers need to worry
A case over anti-competitive practices, companies considering not honouring warranties of products sold online and regulatory troubles mean India's fast-growing online retailers have a problem.
Post your opinion here
Nazim Khan
moneycontrol.com
A famous dialogue from the 2007 hit, Guru, ran like this: “When people start speaking against you, you must know you’re succeeding.”
If that movie was about a businessman who succeeded in changing rules of the game against all odds, a similar story is playing out in India’s nascent online retail industry where a perfect storm is gathering against some of its key players.
India’s ecommerce industry has grown five times in four years (from USD 2.5 billion sales in 2009 to USD 13 billion last year) and is slated to grow by another five times in the next seven, according to one expert.
Much of this growth came as Indians discovered the joys of shopping at the click of a button – while the infrastructure related to logistics and payment gateways evolved alongside – but a large part was driven by the fact that customers discovered the fact that one was likely to find most products being sold cheaper online than in physical stores.
Online retailers definitely enjoy a cost advantage over their offline peers. They have lower overheads with respect to staff costs, real estate costs are nil while inventory management in a warehouse is easier than in a frontend store.
But of late, the widening gulf between online and offline prices, while being a boon for customers, has led to questions whether a law is being broken.
For instance, the maximum retail price of an iPhone 5s is Rs 53,000 in offline stories but the same can be bought for as little as Rs 37,000 online, a 30 percent discount, according to price comparison website Junglee.com .
A mega flash sale (offering discounts of up to 90 percent) launched recently by India’s largest e-retailer, Flipkart, ran into several technological problems because of the unprecedented response it received, leading to an outcry on social media.
But while those concerns can rightly be dismissed as growing-up pangs, there are other more serious troubles brewing.
Recent reports suggest that an association of offline retailers, along with Kishore Biyani, chief of Future Group, which runs the popular Big Bazaar retail chain, have accused online firms of indulging in predatory pricing and undercutting margins.
Predatory pricing is when a retailer sells below cost with the express intention of hurting or eliminating the competition and the practice is not allowed under law. According to offline retailers, there is a case to be made against the pricing policies pursued by online retailers and they are considering approaching the Competition Commission of India.
The issue is tricky: online retail companies, most of which operate under the marketplace model (where they serve as a platform for buyers and sellers to connect), can claim the question of selling below cost does not arise because they do not own goods or are at the selling end of the transaction.
This logic was used by the Competition Commission of India when it dismissed a case of anti-competitive practices against Snapdeal.com.
But there have been reports that websites such as Flipkart often pay for many of the discounts they offer out of their own pockets , under which a case can likely be made of predatory pricing.
This has resulted in another problem: leading consumer goods companies such as Samsung and LG have stopped selling directly on Flipkart, because of the pricing issue, and are considering whether they should offer warranties on whatever stock is sold on such websites (which is sourced from other retailers).
The move may have stemmed from pressure from the USD 500-billion offline retail industry, which accounts for 90 percent of sales for these companies.
None of India’s leading online retailers are reportedly making profits (thanks to kind of discounts they offer, as well as several high costs they also face such as on logistics) even as sales have gone through the roof. But the fast volume growth and the potential ahead has led foreign investors to pour in billions of dollars in these companies.
The issue of foreign capital is the final point of concern facing these companies.
Under current regulations, foreign direct investment is allowed only in ecommerce companies that pursue the marketplace model (connecting buyers and sellers) and not those that stock their own inventory.
While this has forced companies to adopt the former model, there have been occasions where the line has blurred leading to trouble with authorities.
For instance, Flipkart was recently judged to have violated foreign exchange regulations when the Enforcement Directorate found its earlier inventory-led model (it switched over to marketplace in 2013) was contravening laws . The company may be fined Rs 1,000 crore.
Rival Amazon India too is facing trouble with tax authorities in Karnataka who believe that it may have crossed over from the marketplace model to inventory-led model for a batch of its sales called “Amazon-fulfilled” sales (under which it sources from vendors and keeps products with itself) and so it should have paid sales tax on transactions it carried out rather than service tax that it pays for facilitating the transaction.
Early expectations that the new Narendra Modi-led government would allow foreign investment in the consumer-facing ecommerce businesses have fizzled out despite constant exhortation by the companies.
And so, it would be fair to say troubles for the industry could only be beginning.
RELATED NEWS

Blackstone looking to invest in two retail mallsLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Blackstone looking to invest in two retail malls
Blackstone is learnt to be looking at two assets -- L&T Realty's Elante Mall in Chandigarh and EWDPL's Indore mall called Treasure Island.
Post your opinion here
02:00 pm
Private equity player Blackstone is looking to invest in retail malls. In fact the company is said to be in the process of submitting proposal to Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), sources told CNBC-TV18.
This is the first time Blackstone is looking at investing in retail malls. Currently, FDI in retail is not permissible, hence before investing in a developed mall, the company needs to seek FIPB’s permission.
Also Read: Online retail has gained mindshare, not mkt share: Biyani
Blackstone is learnt to be looking at two assets -- L&T Realty's Elante Mall in Chandigarh (Mohali), which is about 1.15 million sqft, and Entertainment World Developers Private Ltd’s (EWDPL) Indore mall called Treasure Island, with an area of about 3-4 lakh sqft. Blackstone is expected to invest up to Rs 750 crore in both malls.
According to sources, the PE firm is in talks to acquire L&T Realty’s mall management team, however the promoters of EWDPL are likely to be retained through equity incentives.
While L&T Realty is likely to reinvest sale proceedings towards infrastructure, EWDPL may reduce its debt by selling off Treasure Island.
Blackstone did not respond to CNBC-TV18 queries while L&T Realty denied the report. EWDPL could not be reached for comments.
RELATED NEWS

Design Flaw Led Navigation Satellites off CourseKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Design flaw led navigation satellites off course... 
October 8, 2014 05:52 AM EST | Associated Press
PARIS (AP) — An investigation is blaming a design flaw for the inaccurate deployment of two satellites intended to bolster Europe's answer to the GPS.
The results of the inquiry, released Wednesday by launch company Arianespace, said the error happened about 35 minutes into the Aug. 22 liftoff, when the satellites were sent into the wrong orbits. The inquiry found that a line of cold helium froze a crucial chemical compound in a nearby feed line.
The European Union hopes to have its 30-satellite Galileo navigation network operating fully by 2020. The European Space Agency says it hopes Galileo will provide greater precision for satellite navigation systems.
The inquiry found that the flaw in the fourth stage of the launch could be corrected in time for a planned December Soyuz mission.

Global economic growth worries send stocks lower...versions
NEW YORK (AP) — Wall Street had its best day of the year.
The U.S. stock market surged Wednesday, erasing a steep loss from the day before. Investors were encouraged by the minutes from the Federal Reserve's latest policy meeting, which showed that the central bank wants to keep interest rates extremely low for the time being.
"There's a lot of pressure on the Fed right now, so this was a big vote of confidence from investors," said J.J. Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade.
The Dow Jones jumped 274.83 points, or 1.6 percent, to 16,994.22. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 33.79 points, or 1.8 percent, to 1,968.89 and the Nasdaq composite rose 83.39 points, or 1.9 percent, to 4,468.59. All three indexes had their biggest point and percentage gains of 2014.
The jump was the latest whipsaw day for the stock market. Only the day before, the Dow plunged 273 points on fears that the global economy was slowing. Wednesday's gains only made up for what investors lost on Tuesday.
Volatility has picked up sharply in U.S. stocks in recent days. Dow has had moves of 200 points or more five times in the last 10 days. There have only been six other days this year when the index has made moves of that magnitude.
Market watchers warned for some time now that the market was due to have more volatility, particularly with economic weakness developing in Europe and Asia and with the Federal Reserve on track to end a bond-buying stimulus program later this month. Analysts say investors should prepare to see more big moves in coming weeks.
"I don't think this is going to end until the Fed's meeting in October," said James Liu, a global market strategist at JPMorgan Funds. "The market is in a tug-of-war between the slowdown in international economies and the strong economic numbers here in the U.S."
The stock market surged in the last two hours of trading after the Fed released its minutes at 2:00 p.m. Eastern time.
The Fed's minutes showed policymakers would only start to raise interest rates once the economy came close to the Fed's goals for maximum employment and inflation running at an annual rate of 2 percent. Inflation has been running below 2 percent for some time.
Investors like low interest rates because they keep borrowing costs low for businesses and individuals, encouraging spending and investment. The Fed also sees inflation remaining low for the next few years, another positive for most investors.
The U.S. economy has been a bright spot in an otherwise darkening picture for the global economy. The IMF cut its outlook for this year and next for global growth, citing weakness in Japan, Latin America and Europe. The IMF expects the global economy will grow 3.3 percent this year, slightly below what it forecast in July. Europe, in particular, has been weak. Germany said Tuesday that its industrial output fell 4 percent in August, far more than expected.
In contrast, reports like September jobs survey show the U.S. economy continuing to expand. Investors have become concerned that Europe's weakness will eventually drag on the U.S. too.
"I think the U.S. economy could be protected from Europe for a quarter or two, but will start hurting us here eventually," Kinahan said.
Investors now turn their attention to U.S. companies, who will start reporting their quarterly results en masse in the coming weeks.
Alcoa, the aluminum giant, reported its results after Wednesday's closing bell, which came in much better than expectations. The Pittsburgh, Pa.-based company reported an adjusted third quarter profit of 31 cents a share, much more than the 21 cents analysts were looking for. Alcoa rose 32 cents, or 2 percent, to $16.39 in after-market trading.
In other company news, Sears Holdings, the parent company of Sears and K-mart, dropped $1.45, or 5 percent, to $28.85 following news reports that the company's vendors have started to halt shipments to the retailer. Sears has struggled for several months and has been selling off assets to raise cash to pay for its expenses.
Gap plunged $3.57, or 8.5 percent, to $38.40 in after-market trading after the company announced its CEO Glenn Murphy was stepping down early next year.
In other markets, the price of oil fell to its lowest level in 18 months on lower global demand and high supplies. Benchmark U.S. crude fell $1.54 to close at $87.31 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, a benchmark for international oils used by many U.S. refineries, fell 73 cents to close at $91.38 on the ICE Futures exchange in London.
In other energy futures trading on the NYMEX, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to close at $2.318 a gallon, heating oil fell 3.1 cents to close at $2.576 a gallon and natural gas fell 10.2 cents to close at $3.855 per 1,000 cubic feet.
In metals trading, the price of gold fell $6.40 to $1,206 an ounce. Silver fell 18 cents to $17.06 an ounce and copper fell four cents to $3 a pound.

Global growth worries send Asian stocks lower...versions
NEW YORK (AP) — Wall Street had its best day of the year.
The U.S. stock market surged Wednesday, erasing a steep loss from the day before. Investors were encouraged by the minutes from the Federal Reserve's latest policy meeting, which showed that the central bank wants to keep interest rates extremely low for the time being.
"There's a lot of pressure on the Fed right now, so this was a big vote of confidence from investors," said J.J. Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade.
The Dow Jones jumped 274.83 points, or 1.6 percent, to 16,994.22. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 33.79 points, or 1.8 percent, to 1,968.89 and the Nasdaq composite rose 83.39 points, or 1.9 percent, to 4,468.59. All three indexes had their biggest point and percentage gains of 2014.
The jump was the latest whipsaw day for the stock market. Only the day before, the Dow plunged 273 points on fears that the global economy was slowing. Wednesday's gains only made up for what investors lost on Tuesday.
Volatility has picked up sharply in U.S. stocks in recent days. Dow has had moves of 200 points or more five times in the last 10 days. There have only been six other days this year when the index has made moves of that magnitude.
Market watchers warned for some time now that the market was due to have more volatility, particularly with economic weakness developing in Europe and Asia and with the Federal Reserve on track to end a bond-buying stimulus program later this month. Analysts say investors should prepare to see more big moves in coming weeks.
"I don't think this is going to end until the Fed's meeting in October," said James Liu, a global market strategist at JPMorgan Funds. "The market is in a tug-of-war between the slowdown in international economies and the strong economic numbers here in the U.S."
The stock market surged in the last two hours of trading after the Fed released its minutes at 2:00 p.m. Eastern time.
The Fed's minutes showed policymakers would only start to raise interest rates once the economy came close to the Fed's goals for maximum employment and inflation running at an annual rate of 2 percent. Inflation has been running below 2 percent for some time.
Investors like low interest rates because they keep borrowing costs low for businesses and individuals, encouraging spending and investment. The Fed also sees inflation remaining low for the next few years, another positive for most investors.
The U.S. economy has been a bright spot in an otherwise darkening picture for the global economy. The IMF cut its outlook for this year and next for global growth, citing weakness in Japan, Latin America and Europe. The IMF expects the global economy will grow 3.3 percent this year, slightly below what it forecast in July. Europe, in particular, has been weak. Germany said Tuesday that its industrial output fell 4 percent in August, far more than expected.
In contrast, reports like September jobs survey show the U.S. economy continuing to expand. Investors have become concerned that Europe's weakness will eventually drag on the U.S. too.
"I think the U.S. economy could be protected from Europe for a quarter or two, but will start hurting us here eventually," Kinahan said.
Investors now turn their attention to U.S. companies, who will start reporting their quarterly results en masse in the coming weeks.
Alcoa, the aluminum giant, reported its results after Wednesday's closing bell, which came in much better than expectations. The Pittsburgh, Pa.-based company reported an adjusted third quarter profit of 31 cents a share, much more than the 21 cents analysts were looking for. Alcoa rose 32 cents, or 2 percent, to $16.39 in after-market trading.
In other company news, Sears Holdings, the parent company of Sears and K-mart, dropped $1.45, or 5 percent, to $28.85 following news reports that the company's vendors have started to halt shipments to the retailer. Sears has struggled for several months and has been selling off assets to raise cash to pay for its expenses.
Gap plunged $3.57, or 8.5 percent, to $38.40 in after-market trading after the company announced its CEO Glenn Murphy was stepping down early next year.
In other markets, the price of oil fell to its lowest level in 18 months on lower global demand and high supplies. Benchmark U.S. crude fell $1.54 to close at $87.31 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, a benchmark for international oils used by many U.S. refineries, fell 73 cents to close at $91.38 on the ICE Futures exchange in London.
In other energy futures trading on the NYMEX, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to close at $2.318 a gallon, heating oil fell 3.1 cents to close at $2.576 a gallon and natural gas fell 10.2 cents to close at $3.855 per 1,000 cubic feet.
In metals trading, the price of gold fell $6.40 to $1,206 an ounce. Silver fell 18 cents to $17.06 an ounce and copper fell four cents to $3 a pound.

Vietnam tanker missing  likely hijacked by pirates...and
versions
HANOI, Vietnam (AP) — A Vietnamese oil tanker missing for a week was released by pirates who stormed the ship and siphoned off some of its cargo, a crew member said Thursday.
The deputy captain of the Sunrise 689, Pham Van Hoang, said a group of more than 10 men, who he thought were Indonesian, armed with guns and knives in two speedboats boarded the tanker shortly after it left Singapore for Vietnam on Oct. 2.
He said the pirates destroyed the communication and navigation systems, and put all 18 Vietnamese crew members into a room. The pirates then siphoned off some of the gas oil into their vessels.
"They put knives on our throats and threatened to kill us if we resist," Hoang said by cellphone from the tanker. One crew member broke his leg when he fell trying to flee from the pirates.
Hoang said the crew was freed early Thursday and the tanker was about 150 kilometers (90 miles) off Vietnam's southern tip.
He said the crew had to stop a fishing boat to find out its location. The Vietnam coast guard was dispatching a vessel to escort the tanker to shore, he added.
The tanker, which was transporting more than 5,000 tons of gas oil from Singapore, should have arrived at a port in the central province of Quang Tri on Wednesday. Gas oil is a type of fuel oil distilled from petroleum.
The Sunrise was the 12th such piracy case since April in Southeast Asia, where tankers have been hijacked, and then released after the cargoes are stolen, said Noel Choong, who heads the International Maritime Bureau's piracy reporting center in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The tanker is owned by the Hai Phong Sea Products Shipbuilding Co.
___
Associated Press writer Eileen Ng in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, contributed to this report.

14-day pilot strike cost Air France $631 million... 
October 8, 2014 03:57 AM EST | Associated Press
PARIS (AP) — Air France-KLM says a 14-day pilots' strike that grounded about half the airline's flights cost the company 500 million euros ($631 million).
The company gave the estimate in a statement Wednesday, and said it hoped to accelerate development of Transavia, a low-cost affiliate that was at the center of the standoff. The pilots union said it was not against plans for the new business, but objected to the proposed labor conditions. They fear that the company will outsource their jobs to countries with lower taxes and labor costs.
Air France is hoping Transavia will tap into new markets in France and elsewhere in Europe, allowing it to compete with the low-cost carriers that have cut into the once-dominant market share held by giant European airlines.

Company wins new contracts despite federal probe... 
RICHARD LARDNER | October 8, 2014 03:16 AM EST | Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Army has awarded $80 million in helicopter contracts to Wall Street executive Lynn Tilton even as the Justice Department is investigating whether she played by the rules to win earlier military work.
Tilton is the founder of the private equity firm Patriarch Partners, which owns MD Helicopters of Mesa, Arizona, and dozens of other companies. The Justice Department inquiry is focused on Tilton's hiring of a former Army officer who allegedly steered millions of dollars in contracts to MD Helicopters while the pair negotiated his future employment.
The Associated Press reported in March that Tilton and Bert Vergez, a retired colonel who ran an Army acquisition office in Huntsville, Alabama, were in unusually close contact for more than a year before Vergez retired from military service in late 2012. Three months later, he was working for Tilton.
Under the terms of the two new deals, MD Helicopters will provide Afghanistan's air force with armed helicopters. The contracts are underwritten by the Army and buttress President Barack Obama's plan to shift the security mission to the Afghans from the U.S.-led coalition, which is scheduled to leave at the end of 2014.
The Justice Department is looking into allegations that Vergez provided Tilton with details about upcoming contracts to give her company an advantage over the competition, according to internal company documents obtained by the AP and interviews with people knowledgeable of the investigation but not authorized to discuss the matter.
Vergez's hiring by Tilton so quickly after hanging up his uniform may have violated rules requiring that federal officials wait a year or more before receiving compensation from a company they dealt with while working for the government.
Investigators are also examining whether the government paid inflated prices for rotorcraft it purchased from MD Helicopters.
Vergez, who is no longer employed by MD Helicopters or Patriarch Partners, did not return emails and telephone calls seeking comment.
Amy Romano, a spokeswoman for MD Helicopters, said in an email that it "is MDHI's clear understanding that neither MDHI nor Patriarch Partners is the target of any criminal investigation." Romano, however, declined to say who provided that understanding. Emails to Tilton were not returned.
The potential scope of the Justice Department's probe is detailed in a series of documents distributed to a small group of personnel at MD Helicopters earlier this year by Mike Killham, the company's general counsel. The documents detail a wide range of records U.S. government attorneys were seeking and the company's obligation to provide the information.
The requested records include material related to Vergez's hiring, the relationship between Tilton's companies and the acquisition office in Huntsville, and the Army's prior purchases of rotorcraft from MD Helicopters for foreign customers. Government attorneys also wanted Tilton's phone message logs, day planners and expense records.
Separately, two former employees of MD Helicopters have filed a civil suit against Vergez, Tilton and her companies under the Federal False Claims Act. Philip Marsteller and Robert Swisher said they told their superiors that hiring Vergez would be illegal, according to the lawsuit, but their warnings were ignored.
In their lawsuit, Marsteller and Swisher said they grew increasingly concerned over the "level of Col. Vergez' subservience to Tilton and his continuing involvement in MD's Army contracts" while he awaited a high-paying job with the company that Tilton promised him once he retired from the Army.
Romano described Marsteller and Fisher as "disgruntled former employees" and said their allegations are "wholly without merit."
Defense Department spokeswoman Maureen Schumann said it is department policy to not comment on any ongoing litigation or ongoing investigation. The Justice Department declined to comment.
The contracts were awarded to MD Helicopters between Sept. 19 and Oct. 1. The first, worth $35.6 million, is for 12 of the company's 530F helicopters. The second could be worth as much as $44.2 million and covers the installation of weapons on these helicopters as well as five other 530Fs the Army purchased in 2011 for the Afghan military.
__
Associated Press writer Eric Tucker contributed to this report.

Top five factors which are likely to keep markets volatile in OctoberHi Guest
Top five factors which are likely to keep markets volatile in October
Sensex, which has plunged over 300 points so far in the month of October, is likely to remain volatile for the rest of the month as well. NEW DELHI: The S BSE Sensex, which has plunged over 300 points so far in the month of October, is likely to remain ...

RBI to monitor trades by firms in debt marketThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BJP feels it is unfortunate that Pakistan continues to violate borderThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sunil Hitech Engineers Ltd appoints Chairman  Managing DirectorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sell Jubilant Foodworks: Manish HathiramaniThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ha ha... closing is deep in red buddy... but yeah.. no lc.. thats swee...New Member
1 Followers
ha ha... closing is deep in red buddy... but yeah.. no LC.. thats sweet... also, the volume of trade is quite low .. so, i guess people are holding on to it.. like me :)
3.32 PM Oct 8th

Does not look strong at all. one last down move to 217 before up move ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

London-based millionaire paid Rs 1 cr to get Vijaywada businessman killed25
0
New Delhi: In a complicated murder plot, a London-based millionaire paid Rs 1 crore to contract killers from Delhi to kill a 70-year-old businessman and his two sons in Vijaywada in Andhra Pradesh.
According to the Delhi police, the killings were triggered by the millionaire's daughter eloping with one of the sons of the Vijaywada businessman. The London-based millionaire - Butham Govindu also spent Rs 50 lakh on buying cache of arms and ammunition.
"A contract of Rs 1 crore was given by two London-based brothers to kill rivals. The attakers shot the victims who were in a car. The driver managed to escape the scene of crime," Delhi Joint CP Ravindra Yadav said.
According to the Delhi police, the killings were triggered by the millionaire's daughter eloping with one of the sons of the Vijaywada businessman.
#london #vijaywada #andhra pradesh #murder
All 5 contract killers have been identified but one is still absconding. The police is now planning to move for the extradition of Govindu from London.
On September 24, Gandham Nageswararao (70), Gandham Marayya (40) and Gandham Pagidi Marayya (30), all residents of West Godawari district of Andhra Pradesh, were shot dead on NH-16 while they were travelling from Vijaywada City to Eluru in their car, police said.
"The killers were travelling in a car and a motorcycle when they intercepted the victims' car and opened fire at them killing all three. The driver of the victims' car escaped unhurt," said Joint Commissioner of Police (Crime) Ravindra Yadav.
A case of murder was registered at Unguturu Police Station, Vijayawada City, Andhra Pradesh. The murders were the result of personal enmity. There existed a long-standing feud between two families. One family consisted of Butham Govindu, Butham Srinivasarao and Butham Durgarao, while the other family consisted of Gandham Nageswararao, Gandham Marayya and Gandham Pagidi Marayya.
Both the families are residents of the same village Pinakadimi, West Godawari. On April 6, Butham Durgarao of the Butham family was shot dead in West Godawari district. Thinking that Nageswararao family was behind Butham Durgarao's murder, Butham Govindu vowed to kill the entire Nageswararao clan and fled to London from where he masterminded the entire conspiracy. He roped in contract killers from Delhi.
The police in AP contacted Delhi Police Crime Branch and a joint team was made. The four Delhi-based contract killers are Partap Singh (35), Dharamveer (32), Nitin (27) and Neeraj (22). The three others, who played roles of planners and conspirators, are Manjeet Singh (35), Satish Kumar (27) and Pankaj (22).
Police said the main conspirator was Sirigirichina Sriniwas, hailing from Peninakadimi Village in West Godawari district of Andhra Pradesh and presently living in Delhi. He was given the contract for killing by Butham Sriniwas Rao and Butham Govindu and others for about Rs 1 crore.
Sirigirichinna Srinivas contacted Ombir Singh, a resident of Delhi and presently residing in Ghaziabad, for executing the contract. Ombir Singh along with his accomplices Pankaj, Satish and Manjeet Singh planned the criminal conspiracy along with Sirigiri Chinnasriniwas.
"They hired the contract killers who were paid Rs 8-10 lakh each. They reached Eluru on September 22," said Yadav. The car, motorcycle, six weapons along with ammunition were provided to them for the killings by the Buthams. After executing the killings, they fled to Delhi, he said.
2

What is your organisations Pygmalion QuotientWhat is your organisation’s Pygmalion Quotient?
C Mahalingam
Tweet
Great expectations lead to greater achievement, the Pygmalion Effect prophesies
Pygmalion is nothing new to those in management circles. Dr Sterling Livingston wrote a classic article titled Pygmalion in Management in the Harvard Business Review in 1998 and it was republished in January 2003. We actually measured the Pygmalion Quotient in an organisation where I managed the global HR function for eight years. As I took over, I was keen on assessing the maturity of the people management function in the company. People Management is how the line managers – from first-line all the way up to senior managers – manage their teams. The higher the maturity of people management in an organisation, the greater the chance of all key people-related indicators such as ability to attract talent, retain and engage them, and get them to deliver their best.
The Pygmalion Effect demonstrates the following:
What managers expect of their subordinates and the way they treat them largely determine their performance and career prospects.
A unique characteristic of superior managers is the ability to set high performance expectations that subordinates fulfil.
Less effective managers fail to develop similar expectations and as a consequence, the productivity of their subordinates suffers.
Subordinates, more often than not, appear to do what they believe they are expected to do.
Self-fulfilling prophecy
In other words, the Pygmalion Effect is a self-fulfilling prophecy. When managers expect superior performance and create necessary conditions, the direct reports measure up and deliver superior performance. Dr Rosenthal, who did early experiments and established the Pygmalion Effect, mentioned four supporting factors that leaders do to make it come alive. They are: (a) managers create a warmer climate for their subordinates; (b) provide useful inputs to them; (c) provide the opportunity to learn and perform and finally (d) provide differentiated feedback. Together, doing these four things defines the supporting environment for the juniors to deliver their best and fulfil the performance expectations from their managers.
Measuring the Pygmalion Quotient
Establishing a Pygmalion culture is a function of getting managers across levels and functions in the organisation to deliver superior performance by bringing the self-fulfilling prophecy alive. Measuring PQ is a first step to understand how managers as a community behave like Pygmalion in an organisation. This is done through intensive discussions and interviews with managers and the team members they supervise. With questions like “What is your approach to developing your people?”; “How do you set performance goals for your people?”“What do you focus on when you do performance reviews?”; you go about assessing your managers’ style and commitment to playing Pygmalion. But this is only half the story. The exercise is complete only when you speak to the direct reports of your managers and ask them similar questions. The responses of team members are even more important than the responses of the managers. However, gaining insight from discussions with both managers and the managed will help build a holistic perspective on the Pygmalion quotient of the company.
Being, knowing and doing
There are three dimensions to measuring the PQ. They may be described as the being, the knowing and the doing. From a manager’s viewpoint, being represents a sense of oneself as a potential Pygmalion; knowing represents the appreciation of what being a Pygmalion can do to elevate the juniors’ performance; and doing represents what actions does the manager really take for demonstrating the Pygmalion in him or her! Effectively, playing Pygmalion requires an integrated self with all three aspects coming fully alive.
Establishing a road map
This is the first step: knowing where your organisation stands. Once you had done the diagnosis in terms of what percentage of your managers play Pygmalion (knowingly or otherwise), you set out on establishing a robust people management maturity road map for your organisation. While establishing the roadmap and gaining the approval of the management team itself may not take more than a few weeks, making sure the roadmap is a complete one is critical to institutionalising the culture of people management in the organisation. The road map has to be prepared and owned by HR, but in effect, it is something that the CEO and senior management endorse and value. At the end of the day, remember the wisdom from Gallup that people join corporations, but leave managers! So, how on earth can an organisation get and keep great talent if they do not raise the bar for people management? When the bucket has huge holes in people management, pouring great people into it is of no avail.
(C Mahalingam is an Executive Coach and HR Advisor. He is also a visiting professor at several IIMs)
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

How far can you really go into the forestHow far can you really go into the forest?
C Mahalingam
Tweet
One can venture only so much into the woods. Likewise, one cannot have unlimited career growth. There is room for learning and contribution
In a pathbreaking video, Power of Vision, Joel Parker makes an emphatic case for how progress follows a well-defined vision and its pursuit. Success in one’s career requires a balance of abilities, aspirations and engagement. Building one’s skills and competencies on a continuous basis advances the chances of succeeding in one’s career. The half-life of knowledge is shrinking rapidly for all professionals. By half-life of knowledge, we mean here, the time it takes for half of what we have learnt to become irrelevant. From four to five years two decades ago, the half-life of knowledge has shrunk to barely two years during the current decade. Continuous un-learning and re-learning are becoming critical survival competencies for professionals in all walks.
Aspirations are equally important. Noticeably, the present generation is well-equipped to handle this part of the career equation. They aspire and more often than not aspire for significant progress in their careers. Opportunities today are decidedly more, and with a higher standard of living, going abroad for higher studies has become a reality for the middle class. Aspirations are often also fuelled by peer comparisons. Becoming a CEO is a dream that every engineering and management graduate can nurture today. Welcome to the world where opportunities meet aspirations and ability.
Engagement
Engagement is another key component in career growth. Even the most competent and aspiring professionals stop growing when their motivation begins to flag and their contributions become questionable. Lack of engagement can be due to organisational reasons as much as an individual challenge. Engagement is manifested in energy, cooperation, embracing stretch goals and in willingness to take calculated risks. When any of these flag, engagement suffers and the “career best” of an individual does not surface.
More recently, there has been a well-placed emphasis on building ‘one’s brand’ at work and outside in order to be both credible and visible. Credibility and visibility are both critical to steadily climbing the career ladder. There is more to building one’s brand than simply viewing it as impression management. As Warren Buffet said, “It is only when the tide runs out, we will know who has been swimming naked!” Personal brand building takes a long time and is a lot of hard work. Executive presence is key in personal branding and many times, even the most able, aspiring and engaged professionals miss out on opportunities because they have not invested in fine-tuning their executive presence.
Organisational loyalty
Organisations fully understand that employees will demonstrate loyalty only to the extent they see their career growth being taken care of. The most significant reason why many talented employees desert their companies is perceived lack of career growth.
But it is important to recognise that organisations have their limitations too. Besides the cliché, “hierarchies narrow at the top”, career plateaus are becoming commonplace even in more talent management-savvy organisations.
Therefore, employees need to be guided in terms of shaping their career aspirations. Any efforts on part of organisations to enlighten their employees, through workshops, coaching and other means should cover carefully crafted messages about managing the pace of growth and recognising that their contributions can continue and so will the rewards, but not necessarily more glamorous titles and responsibilities. “Novations”, a concept describing four stages of contributions, are well worth explaining to employees. These stages include (a) contributing dependently; (b) contributing independently; (c) contributing through others; and (d) contributing strategically. This focus shifts the emphasis on vertical promotions, a deep-rooted concept of advancement in the minds of employees.
Asking the right questions
There is an interesting way to counsel employees and moderate their aspirations with what is possible. In career workshops, an innocent question like: “How far can you go into the forest?” will help accomplish this. The response from the employees will be very obvious and accurate that one can only go into the forest as far as one feels safe or one has the confidence to return to the original base or perhaps as far as one’s supplies will last. The real answer is that one can only go half way into the forest. Only half way because beyond that, one is not advancing into the forest, but actually exiting it!
The message is that there is nothing called unlimited growth. Real growth is very personal in nature and has got to do with learning, competence and contribution. Leading a successful career is about contributing and experiencing fulfilment. Professionals who have reached the pinnacle of fulfilment will have a uniform story to share.
And that will have something to do with becoming mentors and coaches for their colleagues. Those who miss this point continue to believe that a magic turn will happen and catapult them to infinite heights. In the end, this leads to frustration with not only the job or organisation, but even more damagingly with themselves.
(The writer is an Executive Coach and HR Advisor to corporates. He is also a visiting professor with several IIMs)
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Women make a big differenceTweet
September 23, 2014:  
Companies with higher female participation at Board level or in top management exhibit higher returns, higher valuations and higher payout ratios, according to a report by Credit Suisse. Female participation in top-management stands at 12.9 per cent at the end of 2013. Just 4 per cent of CEOs in the CSG 3,000 survey are female. India fares poorly with only 6.7 per cent women in boards, about half the global average.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Useful tips to fold shirts the right wayPhoto: Reuters
Step 1
Step 1: Fasten the buttons on your shirt, including those on the sleeves and lay it face down on a hard surface. Smooth out any wrinkles or puckers on the surface.
Step 2
Step 2: Pinch the fabric at the midpoint of the shirt's shoulder, find its corresponding point at the bottom of the shirt, and pull it taut. Fold the shirt along this line.
Step 3
Step 3: Fold the sleeve back on itself creating an angled fold at the shoulder. It should line up with the first fold. Repeat with the other side to make a neat rectangle.
Step 4
Step 4: Take the two corners at the bottom of the shirt and fold them up to the middle of the shirt. Make another fold upwards. The shirt tail rests just below the collar.

Cyclone watch in Bay of Bengal continues; low expected soonCyclone watch in Bay of Bengal continues; ‘low’ expected soon
Vinson Kurian
Source: IMD Satellite image taken on October 6, 2014.
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 6:  
India Met Department is expecting a low-pressure area to pop up over Andaman Sea during the next 24 hours to announce the arrival of the northeast monsoon, 2014.
In tandem, the withdrawal process of the southwest monsoon from land has acquired a sense of urgency this morning as it braces to cover peninsular India.
WIND PROFILE
The southwest monsoon has to retire fully from land before the Met can declare the onset of successor northeast monsoon over the peninsula.
Both are expected to happen simultaneously, given the build-up of conditions over the Andaman Sea and the Bay of Bengal.
Profile of wind pattern projected by the Met shows the ‘low’ spinning up and prospering in an environment of easterly flows from the Gulf of Thailand into the southeast Bay.
It has joined peer international models to project the formation of a tropical cyclone (to be called 'Hudhud'), the first of the season, which may approach the Andhra Pradesh coast by October 12.
SAME CREDENTIALS
The build-up is similar to that of Super Cyclone Phailin that hit the same coast last year and tracked the same direction after having taken birth in the same location.
But the storm is not likely to grow to as much strength, according to the international models. A couple of them are of the view that a severe cyclonic storm could be expected this time round.
The European Centre for Medium-Term Weather Forecasts said it is likely that the storm could grow into a cyclone of minimal strength only.
India Met Department however seems to project a system of significant strength, a reading based on today’s meteorological parameters which, however, keep changing on a daily basis.
IDEAL CONDITIONS
The period of monsoon transition from southwest to northeast in October is otherwise even known to create ideal conditions for cyclones to take shape in the Bay of Bengal.
Twin Pacific typhoons Phanfone and successor Vongfong have surfed up the northwest Pacific basin and ‘excited’ the neighbouring South China Sea.
Phanfone has hit Japan, and Vongfong appears to follow a similar track, which is farther and away from South China Sea and the Bay of Bengal.
Southeasterly to easterly flows associated with these storms and warming up of the South China Sea and the Bay of Bengal ensured ideal conditions for storm development are created in these basins.
(This article was published on October 6, 2014)
Related

Accelerating start-ups  the Ryerson-BSE wayAccelerating start-ups, the Ryerson-BSE way
N Ramakrishnan
Ajay Ramasubramaniam, Director of Business Development, Zone Start-Ups, Mumbai. - N. RAMAKRISHNAN
The joint venture helps entrepreneurs develop their business
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001, is a well-known address. The 29-storey building stands out in the Fort area. It is home to the BSE (or, as it was known earlier, the Bombay Stock Exchange), where companies list and get their shares traded, where millions hope to make their fortunes.
As you enter the building, you are photographed, a visitor’s pass issued and bags scanned. As you ride up the elevator to the 18th floor, all the conversation in the lift is about how the markets will behave that day.
You are ushered into the spacious 18th floor office, where the view through the glass windows is breathtaking. On one side, you can see ships berthed at the Bombay Port, a few small boats are bobbing in the near-placid waters. You can see the majestic Gateway of India and the Taj hotel. On another side, you get a panoramic view of the Marine Drive at a distance.
Helping start-ups
The nearly 3,000 sq ft of space is just filling up. There are a handful of 20-somethings busy, either on their laptops or their smartphones. Welcome to Zone Start-Ups, an accelerator for entrepreneurs set up jointly by the BSE and Ryerson University of Canada. Yes, the BSE, which you probably thought was meant for large companies, is home to an accelerator for start-up ventures.
An accelerator helps ventures with validated ideas and products scale up their operations. Zone Start-Ups has a diverse mix of entrepreneurs – engineering graduates, MBAs, chartered accountants, commerce graduates – all using technology to build products or develop services. Take the example of Ritvvij Parrikh, 29, founder of Pykih, a data visualisation company. Pykih helps journalists with visualising data sets, collecting public data, organising them and even creating visualisation apps.
An engineering graduate, Ritvvij worked in a telecom IT firm in Pune, moved to Israel and the US, before quitting his job and coming back to India to start this venture.
Or, Nishant Ranjan, Founder, BreezeTrader, which is building an algorithmic trading tool.
Nishant, who graduated in mining engineering from IIT-Kharagpur, is probably the oldest at Zone Star-Ups, at 35 years. He worked in a couple of IT companies handling international clients and threw up his job, because he felt he was not going anywhere, and started this venture that is less than a year old.
Sandeep Laxman and Archana Lal are the founders of BookStreet, a venture that helps undergraduate students prepare for their examinations in a much better and focused manner. Sukhada Tendulkar is the Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Shirsa, a brain training platform for children.
Industry connect
What is it that they get out of being in the Zone Start-Ups? “There is a lot of industry connect. When we started, we were like babies. Being a banker, I did not have retail connect. And, being technology people we did not have a business mindset,” says 24-year-old Prateek Chaturvedi, Co-Founder and CEO, Focus Analytics, which is into indoor navigation.
Zone Start-Ups provides all this and more, he says. “When we go somewhere and say we are in BSE Zone Start-Ups, a lot of people recognise it. That is something nice. There is also the access to the North American market, which is something Ryerson is good at.”
That is the point that Ajay Ramasubramaniam, Director of Business Development, Zone Start-Ups, also makes. Ryerson University has an 85 per cent stake in the accelerator with BSE holding the balance. The Toronto-based university has a strong entrepreneurial focus with its own Digital Media Zone in Canada. It is using the Zone Start-Ups brand to spread in other countries, especially Asia and Europe.
According to Ajay, Ryerson University had a programme with the IITs in Chennai, Mumbai and Delhi and the Indian School of Business-Hyderabad, in 2012 on student-entrepreneurship. The success of that programme made Ryerson realise that it cannot be a one-off affair in India and prompted it to team up with the BSE for the accelerator.
“What we offer them is, yes, physical infrastructure. But we typically don’t look for someone who is looking at a shelter. We need to add value to these start-ups. We offer them mentorship. We have a pool of mentors who are industry experts, domain specialists,” says Ajay, who previously worked with the Canadian Government, with the province of Ontario, in the Ministry of Economic Development and Trade, in Mumbai.
“There is a strong industry connect. With BSE’s connections, we are able to forge relations with CTOs, CIOs and get them to come on a regular basis and interact with these young guys.”
Typically, the start-ups, which already have paying customers and have either raised their first round of external funding or are close to doing so, will stay in the accelerator for four to six months.
Ajay says the accelerator actively takes part in the ventures, in developing their business, creating networking opportunities and getting investors to visit them. The ventures to be housed at the accelerator are selected based on various start-up events that are held across the country. The BSE’s role as a top stock exchange in the country plays a large part in the success of the accelerator.
Expansion
According to Ajay, the accelerator is spread over about 3,000 sq ft and it plans to expand by another 2,000 sq ft before the end of the year. Zone Start-Ups does not charge the ventures anything now because it is more interested in creating success stories; it does not also take any equity stake in them.
However, Ryerson University, through a sister concern, is setting up a $5-million seed fund, which will invest in start-ups and also take equity stake in them. Initially, the seed fund will look to invest in 15 start-ups a year, with a first cheque of $50,000 with a follow-on round in high performing companies of $150,000-500,000.
(This article was published on October 6, 2014)
Related

State as provider of capital & moreState as provider of capital & more
G SABARINATHAN
Tweet
The State has to think of measures to encourage the creation of enterprises if funding initiatives have to realise their objectives.
The lack of sources of funds for enterprises is often identified as the principal impediment to the growth and development of entrepreneurship in many countries. That conclusion is not without its merits. There is an increasing view among economists that well developed financial systems lead to flourishing industrial sectors.
But then this is another area where entrepreneurship differs from the more traditional well-established industrial sector. Entrepreneurship needs a lot more than just funding for it to develop. That, in turn, impacts the public policy approach to entrepreneurship development.
Unlike the typical institutional investor in a venture fund, which mainly seeks financial returns, the State assumes the role of an investor in pursuit of larger policy objectives such as promoting start-ups or enabling enterprises to grow more rapidly. In his book Boulevard of Broken Dreams, Joshua Lerner argues that the State has to think of measures to encourage the creation of enterprises if funding initiatives have to realise their objectives.
Such support to entrepreneurship could be through encouraging the creation of enterprises by having a conducive legal framework; providing access to ideas and technologies; making it attractive for investors to fund enterprises; and augmenting the availability of capital itself. We will examine each of these in some detail.
Legal framework
Entrepreneurs will be encouraged to start up when the legal framework is conducive. This means that the legal compliance to start an enterprise, scale it up or down or, in unfortunate circumstances of poor business performance, to close an enterprise should not be cumbersome. The term legal framework refers to all statutes and regulations that impact the functioning of a start-up enterprise.
Access to tech & inventions
Entrepreneurs need access to ideas around which they can start enterprises. In a well developed innovation economy those who develop ideas or invent products are not always the best equipped to commercialise them. This is where entrepreneurs step in.
For this division of labour to work well, there needs to be a legal framework that will enable cutting edge technologies that are developed by universities and research centres to be transferred easily and smoothly. The Bayh-Dole Act in the US is held up as an example of such a law.
Tax incentives
In an evolved entrepreneurial ecosystem, both experienced executives and freshers from colleges start new ventures. But the opportunity cost of being an entrepreneur is high for well-paid executives. A tax regime that sets off losses from start-ups against wealth and income from other sources can potentially encourage well-paid executives to give up their jobs to turn to entrepreneurship.
Ease of structuring investment funds
The task of providing venture capital is often managed through investment funds. The structuring of funds is an intricate discipline. As noted in an earlier part of this series, it is seen as a factor that has contributed to the success of the venture capital industry. The regulatory regime should provide for fund structures that will be tax efficient and will enable both investors in the funds and the fund managers to protect their respective interests.
Government as a provider of capital
Governments could consider augmenting the supply of risk capital through a variety of institutional mechanisms. But for the Government’s role as a source of funds to be effective it has to address the first two aspects above of encouraging entrepreneurship. Capital helps enterprises invest in manufacturing capacity, service delivery capabilities and technology. It is just as important for them to conduct business without hassles.
While there are no theoretical frameworks on how to design a policy for the State to effectively play its part as an LP, there are lessons that can be learned from experience elsewhere in the world. In the next part of this series, we will examine related some lessons of experience from across the world.
(The writer is Chairperson NS Raghavan Centre for Entrepreneurial Learning at IIM Bangalore. Views expressed are his own.)
(This article was published on October 6, 2014)
Related

Mercedes Benz India posts 16% growth in nine monthsUpdated: October 7, 2014 21:48 IST
Mercedes Benz India posts 16% growth in nine months
Special Correspondent
automobile
Luxury car maker Mercedes Benz India has posted a 16 per cent growth in its sales volume in the first nine months of this calendar year. According to Boris Fitz, Vice-President (Sales and Network Development), till September, the company has sold 7,529 cars against 6,461 units in the same period last year, marking an increase of 16 per cent. Last year, Merc sold 9,003 cars.
Mercedes Benz has drawn up a plan to double the production capacity of its Chakan unit near Pune by early next year. “We have already invested Rs.600 crore on this facility. We have committed to invest a further Rs.250 crore, and are hopeful of getting Centre’s approval soon. After that, it may take only a few weeks to complete the expansion work. The Chakan plant will be producing about 20,000 cars annually,” said Mr. Fitz.
To a question, he said the used car segment was a very unorganised and complex one in India. It did not get the company the desired result. Hence, the company was working on near and medium-term plan, and it would be announced soon.

SEBI monitoring sought as battle for MCFL gathers momentumUpdated: October 7, 2014 21:42 IST
SEBI monitoring sought as battle for MCFL gathers momentum
Indrani Dutta
company information
With the battle for takeover of Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers Ltd. (MCFL) entering a decisive phase, analysts are of the view that investors will stand to gain by offloading their shares to Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. (DFPCL) as the scrip has already hit a high. However, there is also a growing concern on account of the current market price of MCFL shares, which are ruling at around Rs.104.
M&A (mergers and acquisition) experts have expressed concern whether this is due to normal play of market forces.
They also feel that the Securities and Exchange Board of India should start tracking the transactions to rule out any unfair practice if it is established.
Trading history
A scan of MCFL’s trading history between September 18 and October 1 shows that the company’s stock had risen by nearly 30 per cent from Rs.73 to Rs.104 with a substantial increase in total traded quantity since September 26.
It may be mentioned here that this is the first major corporate takeover battle since SEBI changed the Takeover Code in 2011.
There are reports that SEBI is looking at some changes in the code to safeguard the interest of small investors in cases of mergers and acquisitions such as this.
It may be noted that the battle for acquiring control of MCFL began in July, 2013, when DFPCL bought 24 per cent stake in MCFL, two months after Zuari Agro Chemcials Ltd. (ZACL) bought 10 per cent stake in it. ZACL responded by increasing its stake to 16 per cent, forcing DFPCL to increase its stake to 25 per cent, triggering an open offer.

India to outperform even in FY16; bearish on crude: JPM08:00 am
Adrian Mowat, Chief Asian & Emerging Equity Strategist, JPMorgan says India looks extremely favourable moving in FY15, and believes it would be an outperformer in FY16.
According to him the new government has done a lot of good things at an executive level and the house is particularly excited about the proposal of managing food inflation.
However, one would be keenly watching for government’s decision on energy prices like coal, gas which would impact power generation. The house is also eagerly awaiting announcement of diesel deregulation, he said.
Although fears of interest rate hike could have triggered a sell-off in US, he believes Fed is likely to delay hiking. If diesel prices cool-off they could bring in an improvement in economic data, he feels.
Globally, he is bearish on commodities and advices being underweight on that space. He is particularly underweight on petrochemical and steel companies in Taiwan and is also relatively bearish on Chinese growth.
Structurally, he is bearish on crude oil but thinks low crude oil prices would bode well for India per se.
Also read: India best story among EMs; prefer cyclicals: JP Morgan
Below is the transcript of Adrian Mowat’s interview with Latha Venkatesh, Reema Tendulkar & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Did we learn anything new about the global growth slowdown yesterday. Do you think global risk assets especially equities have more to discount by way of bad news?
A: We have got to put this in context of why we started to see a correction in emerging markets in early September and that is very much focused around people trying to process what will happen as the Fed exits zero interest rate policy next year, and so markets were concerned that US growth was healthy and that would cause us to move away from zero interest rate.
However, what the International Monetary Fund (IMF) was publishing overnight was just highlighting how relatively weak the global economy remains and I think it’s a good reminder to everyone that perhaps we were getting too concerned about policymakers moving away from zero interest rate policy. You are clearly going to see both Europe and Japan zero interest rate for the foreseeable future, and also further quantitative easing (QE). I still think you have a Fed will try and avoid moving interest rates until the very last moment when the actual data is confirming that numbers.
Reema: The IMF has increased India’s FY15 gross domestic product (GDP) forecast to 5.6 percent. So, at a time when the growth forecast in various other countries is lower, do you think India could see increased allocation?
A: Yes I do, and there is another takeaway from that report and that is there is divergence here, there is divergence in monetary policy, there is divergence in where countries are within that cycle and it is very important to remember that the Indian economy has been disappointing for three-four years now, growing much way below its potential that we had witnessed in 2004 to 2008 and coming out of the global financial crises.
So, absolutely India looks extremely favourable as we move into 2015, which is partly going to be because of the inflation story. We have energy prices falling; commodity prices coming down specifically domestically in India there are proposals to restrict the increase in minimum selling prices. Also the agricultural sector proposals to get rid of some of the cartels that caused food prices to be high and gasoline prices too are falling in India and so you are not going to see 19 percent annualised rate a diesel prices increase as we witnessed in the last couple of years.
Therefore, definitely India will be an outperformer next year just as it was this year and it will see a disproportionate amount of flows that go into emerging market equities.
Latha: In this otherwise bright picture or brightening picture would you worry that the auto sales numbers showed a fall in commercial vehicles – that is the soul of the economy and that fall in September sales was little disturbing as well - would you worry about the upcoming result season. Would it have enough to smother the rally that is currently underway in the equity markets?
A: The concern would be in India and maybe this is something that we have seen in other economies that you have got the private sector waiting for the public sector to actually move to get projects going and the returns out that it takes longer for the economy to build steam. You are correct to highlight truck sales, they are the high frequency indicator of corporate capex and it was disturbing to see that being relatively weak in September.
However, when we look at the underlying macro data that has been coming out for the Q3 of the calendar year, I would suggest that it’s unlikely that you will see cyclical earnings picking up notably. Where this will become an issue is if we are into 2015, and we are yet to see this pick up in capex whether that’s measured by truck sales or just looking at Index of Industrial Production (IIP) of capex goods then we are going to have a problem for the market. However, for now we expect the market to look through.
Anuj: In some quarters there is a belief that there is some disappointment over what the new government has done or has not done so far. In that case would you agree with the view that the Modi premium maybe ebbing for the market and we have seen this in the way some of the cyclical have done and there is quite a bit of correction in some of the banking names the likes of  Larsen and Toubro (L&T) and all have corrected quite a bit. Would you share that skepticism or would you say it’s too early to say that?
A: We think it’s too early to say that. We have published some work on this, four weeks ago. The government has done quite a lot of things that they can do at the executive level. We are waiting for some key decisions to be made particularly on energy pricing both for coal and gas, and the longer that is delayed that will have an impact on investment decisions particularly around power generation, so we are waiting for those to come through. This government has been doing a fair amount.
We are particularly excited about that proposal around managing food inflation and we are also looking for the announcement that they will deregulate diesel prices.
Reema: In the JPMorgan portfolio, have you reduced your exposure to commodity linked stocks and sectors on account of global growth concerns?
A: We have been underweight commodities for a long period of time particularly petrochemical and steel companies in Taiwan and Korea, which are reasonably large sector of EM materials.
We are relatively bearish on Chinese growth. We see forward indicators for FDI as well to be negative in China. So foreign direct investment is falling, we know residential construction stocks are down, as are residential sales. We have got a public sector balance sheet that looks relatively strained in China in terms of continuing to promote infrastructure spending. So, I think we are in a commodity bear market. Our advice would be to remain underweight commodities.
This can play out in certain ways for some of the more cyclical sectors - input prices are falling so if you are a steel company and so if you can keep your steel prices declining less than the input prices are, that maybe okay, but where this comes across very well is for an auto company that is using steel in their production then I think this is going to prove to be a very good story for corporate margins around the world, particularly in emerging markets.
Latha: What is the JPMorgan estimate of crude prices? Are we going to see a Brent for instance dip even below USD 90 per barrel because that will change a lot of macro-economical arithmetic in India? Secondly, what is your sector or stock mix recommended for the moment in India?
A: There is a lot of debate around the direction for crude prices. Seasonally, we would expect to see a pick up in energy prices as we go into the winter season, as you have less refineries out for maintenance. But this may be more of an interesting medium-term story here. There is significant technology change going on whether that is the production of unconventional gas and oil, or whether it is the fact that we now have electric vehicles as a very clear product that we think come 2017 are going to be taking a material market share. So, I am structurally a bear on the crude oil price and I think that is great for India as we look out over the next couple of years.
RELATED NEWS

Debating Halbig & KingBy Jonathan H. Adler October 7
On September 30, I drove up to Ann Arbor for the “Thrilla in Ann Arbor,” a debate with the University of Michigan’s Nicholas Bagley on legality of the IRS rule authorizing tax credits in federal exchanges at issue in Halbig v. Burwell , King v. Burwell , and other cases.  Somewhat coincidentally, a federal district court in Oklahoma struck down the IRS rule the morning of our debate.
I don’t know whether either of us changed any minds, but I believe we had a serious and substantive exchange that focused on the real issues in these cases, and largely sidestepped the detritus that fills much commentary on the litigation.  But don’t take my word for it.  Here’s a video of the event .  You can also read Prof. Bagley’s account and Michigan’s write-up of the event.
This was not my first debate on Halbig and King, and it won’t be the last. I’m currently scheduled to debate Professor Abigail Moncrieff at BU ( Oct. 16 ) and the CAC’s Simon Lazarus at an AHLA conference ( Oct. 20 ). I’ll be on a panel discussing these cases with Professor Abbe Gluck and Linda Greenhouse at Yale ( Nov. 11 ) and will speak on these cases and ACA implementation before the Federalist Society’s Pittsburgh Lawyers Chapter too (Nov. 19).
In other Halbig news, en banc rehearing plaintiff-side briefs were due last Friday.  The plaintiffs’ brief is here .  My amicus with Michael Cannon is available here (and excerpted here ).  Other amicus briefs supporting the petitioners can be found here .  Additional materials on the underlying issues and lawsuits are here .
In King news, on Friday the federal government filed its brief in opposition to the plaintiffs’ petition for certiorari before the Supreme Court.  Conspicuously absent from this brief is any mention of MIT economist Jonathan Gruber.  The federal government routinely cited his work in its prior briefs in both Halbig and King, but not here.  The Court is scheduled to consider the King cert petition in November.
 
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

CDC says it is exploring ways to increase traveler screening in U.S. and AfricaBy Mark Berman October 7 Follow @markberman
Washington Dulles International Airport, where the Ebola patient in Texas changed planes, is one of the busiest airports in the United States. (Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
Changes are coming for travelers who fly from West Africa to the United States. We don’t know what changes, exactly, but we know that the way passengers are screened will be altered after a man flew from Liberia to Texas and was diagnosed with Ebola .
President Obama said Monday that additional passenger screening for Ebola would take place in the United States and Africa, but he did not explain what this would entail. On Tuesday, the White House said new screening measures would be released in “ the coming days .”
President Obama met with top health, homeland security and national security advisers on Monday to discuss the Ebola outbreak. Obama said some foreign countries are not doing enough to confront the Ebola crisis in West Africa. (AP)
Thomas Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said the agency was exploring ways to increase the screening of passengers on both sides of the Atlantic.
“We’re working very intensively on the screening process,” Frieden said during a conference call with reporters Tuesday, a week after Thomas Duncan was diagnosed in Texas. “We’re looking at that entire process to see what more can be done.”
While Frieden promised that “additional steps” were coming, he did not elaborate on what that would include. Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) said in an interview Tuesday that Frieden told him the plan is to have “ tougher types of screening on U.S. soil .”
However, as he has before, Frieden cautioned that any measures were meant to mitigate, rather than eliminate, the danger posed by a traveler who may have Ebola.
“We recognize that whatever we do, until the disease is controlled in Africa, we can’t get the risk to zero here,” he said “We may be able to reduce it.”
Still, Frieden said the CDC has had teams on the ground working to strengthen the screening of passengers leaving West Africa. The screening has included taking temperatures, keeping an eye out for other symptoms and having travelers fill out questionnaires.
Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said the agency is trying to contain the spread of Ebola in West Africa stressing that "an outbreak anywhere is potentially a threat everywhere." He added that the CDC is now looking into the issue of entry screening at the airports. (Centers for Disease Control)
He said the CDC methods have been used to screen more than 36,000 people over two months. And of those travelers, a small portion of whom were coming to the United States, only 77 people had a fever or other symptoms that caused them to be taken out of the line, he said. “As far as we know, none of those 77 people had Ebola,” Frieden noted.
Of course, these methods are not perfect, as was made clear when Duncan filled out a questionnaire, had his temperature taken by a person trained by the CDC and boarded multiple flights on his way to Dallas.
New measures are unlikely to fully keep out everyone with Ebola , as Frieden alluded to, owing to the realities of air travel and the disease itself. Because there are no direct flights from the three West African countries hit hardest by Ebola to the United States, a passenger could travel through a number of highly trafficked hubs as Duncan did when he went through Brussels, Dulles International Airport outside Washington and Dallas-Fort Worth. This would make a travel ban — which public health officials have repeatedly said is a bad idea — very complicated, because of the number of connections and airports involved.
In addition, because it can take up to three weeks for Ebola symptoms to emerge, a person could travel and be in another area for some time before they start feeling feverish. In this case, thermometers and a visual inspection by customs agents at U.S. airports would not be able to detect the disease.
Obama’s promise of stepped-up screening for Ebola at U.S. airports that handle international flights will fall on the shoulders of the Customs and Border Protection officers who greet passengers arriving from abroad.
Though they often seem preoccupied with scrutinizing passports and luggage, customs officers are trained to detect signs of illness, and they routinely do just that, officials said.
“CBP personnel review all travelers entering the United States for general overt signs of illnesses,” the agency said in a statement.
In addition to visual observations, CBP officers  question passengers  about their health and are instructed to alert the CDC if a passenger appears to be seriously ill. If a person is thought to have “a possible communicable disease,” they are isolated while the CDC and local authorities conduct the evaluation.
Federal law requires pilots to radio ahead if a passenger dies or falls ill with certain symptoms.
“If somebody comes in on a flight that has a fever or any one of those triggers, CDC can insert themselves at any point in the process,” said Rob Yingling, a spokesman for the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, which runs Dulles and Reagan National airports. “They can say [to the pilot], ‘Tell us more about this case,’ or they can actually physically go to the plane.”
The CDC maintains an office at Dulles and other major airports that handle international flights.
Meanwhile, up to 4,000 service members are expected to head to West African countries ravaged by the Ebola epidemic. They will be monitored several times a day, and, if any of them contract Ebola , they will be loaded onto a specially designed plane and flown back to the United States for treatment.
Among the tasks laid out for the military is the construction of 17 treatment centers for people with the disease. This will take until the middle of next month, according to Gen. David Rodriguez, chief of U.S. Africa Command.
Ashley Halsey III and Dan Lamothe contributed to this report.
 
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Resources Shares Face Technical Selling PressureYou are here: Home Market
Resources Shares Face Technical Selling Pressure
Reuters | Updated On: October 08, 2014 11:10 (IST)
Resources stocks WERE under pressure below or around their 200-day moving average (DMA) after NSE broke key support on Tuesday.
The Sensex and Nifty closed below important support of 50-dma on Tuesday, first time since August 8.
Jindal Steel and Power, Cairn India, and Tata Steel slumped as each has fallen below their 200-dma.
Hindalco Industries, and NMDC dropped as they are hovering just above the 200-dma.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

India Inc getting complacent in hedging FX risk: RBI Dy GuvOct 08, 2014, 10.51 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
India Inc getting complacent in hedging FX risk: RBI Dy Guv
85 percent of the forex loans are vulnerable to a sudden depreciation in the rupee, and could pose a systemic risk as well
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India Inc getting complacent in hedging FX risk: RBI Dy Guv
85 percent of the forex loans are vulnerable to a sudden depreciation in the rupee, and could pose a systemic risk as well
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
In its credit policy statement last week, the Reserve Bank of India had cautioned companies about the perils of not hedging their forex loan exposure.
“Given the easy availability of foreign finance, corporations should be wary of being lulled by relative exchange rate stability and neglect to hedge foreign exchange liabilities,” RBI governor Raghuram Rajan had said in the document.
And now deputy governor Harun Khan has numbers to show that companies are indeed getting complacent about their forex loans.
“The hedge ratio for ECBs/FCCBs declined sharply from about 34 per cent in FY 2013-14 to 24 per cent during April-August, 2014 with very low ratio of about 15 per cent in July-August 2014,” Harun Khan said in a speech at a public function on Saturday, the transcript of which was put up on the RBI website yesterday.
In other words, 85 percent of the forex loans are vulnerable to a sudden depreciation in the rupee, and could pose a systemic risk as well.
"Given the implications of large unhedged forex exposures on the financial stability, it is necessary for the banking industry to act in unison to bring about an awareness amongst the corporates about the need for adopting and implementing a well-deliberated hedging policy so that the Indian forex market is spared of regular episodes of extreme volatility,“ Khan said.
In his post-credit policy media interaction last week, Rajan made it clear that companies which failed to hedge their exposures should not count on the RBI to bail them out.
According to a report in the Business Standard quoting Deutsche Bank data, May and September 2014, Indian companies raised USD 8.4 billion through overseas bonds (mostly dollar-denominated) compared with USD 2.9 billion in the year-ago period. For the nine months ended September, banks and corporates have raised almost USD 15 billion through international bonds compared to USD 13.2 billion raised for the entire calendar year 2013.
Many companies that had raised money through foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) during the stock market bull run of 2007-08 came to grief due to a double whammy of crashing share prices and a steep depreciation in the rupee in the wake of the global financial crisis. These companies were hoping that the bond holders would convert their debt into equity as the conversion price would be attractive. But when stock prices fell way below the conversion price, the bonds had to be redeemed at maturity. Not only had the companies not made any provisions for a possible redemption, but also had to fork out more money because of a weaker rupee.
The RBI then allowed companies to prepay or buyback these bonds to prevent further losses due to rupee depreciation. This was a departure from the norm, as the RBI does not allow prepayment to discourage short term overseas borrowing.
 
A stable government and narrowing of current account deficit have kept the rupee stable for much of this year. However, it slipped to a seven-week low last week as the dollar has been strengthening in anticipation of the US Fed hiking rates earlier than expected. While India’s economy appears to be on the mend, the rupee still appears vulnerable to any sudden shift in global capital flows as and when interest rates in the US go up.
Some brokerages like Goldman Sachs feel India is better placed to weather currency volatility even as it expects some turmoil in emerging market assets when the US Fed turns off its cash spigots.
“Some EMs appear to have made considerable progress and thus should be more insulated from external shocks-these include India, where the trade balance and the inflation profile continue to improve,” the brokerage had said in its note recently.
RELATED NEWS

Amitabh Bachchan  Rekha reunite for  ShamitabhPrint
Tamil superstar Dhanush, who plays a deaf and mute man in 'Shamitabh', shared a picture of himself with Rekha.
Written by Apurva Singh , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:29 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 11:31 am
Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan and veteran actress Rekha are all set to share screen space after 33 long years. The celebrated onscreen jodi was last seen in Yash Chopra’s ‘Silsila’ together and will now reunite for R Balki’s ‘Shamitabh’.
Tamil superstar Dhanush, who plays a deaf and mute man in ‘Shamitabh’, shared a picture of himself with Rekha.
LOOK whom I’m sharing screen space with in shamitabh. The one and only REKHA JI !!! #beautyforever pic.twitter.com/PqVwJbPPup
— Dhanush (@dhanushkraja) October 1, 2014
However, there is no confirmation whether Big B and Rekha would share scenes too.
Rekha and Amitabh along with his wife Jaya Bachchan had cordially greeted each other at the Screen Awards held earlier this year.
After Silsila, Big B and Rekha haven’t been seen together but she has dubbed for two of his films. Rekha was Sridevi’s voice in Aakhree Raasta (1986), and also dubbed for Soundarya and Jayasudha in their debut flick ‘Sooryavansham’ (1999).
The duo in the past, have co-starred in many movies like Immaan Dharam (1977), Khoon Pasina (1977), Ganga Ki Saugandh (1978), Muqaddar Ka Sikander (1978), Mr Natwarlal (1979) and Suhaag (1979).
‘Shamitabh’ will see Amitabh Bachchan along with Rajinikanth’s son-in-law Dhanush coming together for the first time. While Dhanush will play a deaf and mute character, Amitabh will play the man who will be his voice. The film has been shot in beautiful locales of Mumbai, Goa and Ooty.
Apart from Amitabh Bachchan and Dhanush, the film also marks the debut of Kamal Haasan’s younger daughter Akshara Haasan.
Amitabh Bachchan, 72, who worked with R Balki in ‘Cheeni Kum’ and ‘Paa’, began filming of his new project in Goa last month.

Mkt may fall 5% further; IT still attractive: Kotak Mah BkOct 08, 2014, 12.23 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Mkt may fall 5% further; IT still attractive: Kotak Mah Bk
C Jayaram, joint managing director, Kotak Mahindra Bank, says the market has run up a lot post the General Elections and is cooling off now. But for any rally now, the market will need some robust global or economic triggers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mkt may fall 5% further; IT still attractive: Kotak Mah Bk
C Jayaram, joint managing director, Kotak Mahindra Bank, says the market has run up a lot post the General Elections and is cooling off now. But for any rally now, the market will need some robust global or economic triggers.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
The current market fall is likely to fall anything between 3 to 5 percent and may find a floor at those levels, says C Jayaram, joint managing director, Kotak Mahindra Bank.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Jayaram says the market has run up a lot post the general elections and is cooling off now. But for any rally now, the market will need some robust global or economic triggers.
Also read: Outlook for India constructive; like banks, autos: Axis AMC
On sectoral plays, Jayaram says information technology (IT) still continues to be an attractive place despite the run up seen.
“The US market is doing well and it is slated to do even better and that will increase the demand for IT companies. Also I don’t expect the rupee to strengthen a lot from the current levels. So while the valuations are stretched, we like this space,” he adds.
Below is the edited transcript of the interview.
Anuj: The market has corrected about 3.5 percent from the peak. Do you get a sense that this could be the real correction for the market that could extend a bit and would this be a good buying opportunity?
A: The market had run up quite a bit post the elections and it was time for a pause, correction, consolidation etc and that’s the phase through which we are going currently. So somewhere around these levels maybe 3-5 percent lower you would see a floor and a consolidation of the market and post that you would need further triggers either global triggers or in terms of real feeling that the economy is starting to look up again before you see the next move.
RELATED NEWS

DMK slams AIADMK govt over law and order situationUpdated: October 8, 2014 19:51 IST
DMK slams AIADMK govt over law and order situation
PTI
The Hindu DMK Party chief M. Karunanidhi. File Photo.
VIDEO
laws
The DMK on Wednesday slammed the AIADMK government for its alleged failure to check the “deteriorating” law and order situation following the conviction of former chief minister Jayalalithaa in a graft case.
The DMK District Secretaries meeting, chaired by party patriarch M Karunanidhi, deliberated on the prevailing law and order situation and urged the Centre “to take steps to put an end to atrocities committed against people”.
The meeting passed resolutions resolving to hold democratic and peaceful demonstrations to highlight hardship caused to people due to protests by ruling AIADMK activists.

Online retail has gained mindshare  not mkt share: Biyani08:00 am
Future Group chairman Kishore Biyani, the man who pioneered retail store format in the country, is least perturbed by the mushrooming of online retailing. Future Group's flagship company Pantaloon Retail is India’s largest listed retail chain and Biyani chooses to rely on footfalls for revenues. He maintains online shopping has gained mindshare not market share and is enthusiastically planning to create an entire food distribution supply chain where margins are comparatively higher.
His two daughters Ashni and Avni Biyani too have followed their father's footsteps and are genNext entrepreneurs of repute lording over the company's food and fashion verticals. They like the digital space and are burning the midnight oil observing consumer behaviour in this space.
While Ashni is exploring digital platforms via Big Bazaar Direct, Avni is eager to launch online platform for Foodhall soon.
Besides being the Director at Future Ideas, Ashni is also working on perfecting a strong backend for modern day convenience stores for food business.
Avni is concept head of Foodhall, a food retail venture targeted at affluent consumers.
Below is the edited transcript of Kishore Biyani, Ashni Biyani and Avni Biyani's interview with Latha Venkatesh on CNBC-TV18:
Q: Where was the need to bring them so young on to the table? Where did you think that the group needed young ideas or different ideas at all?
Kishore: It is not about getting them in the business. They had a choice and we are a business family, so you discuss business day in and day out, morning to evening; opening stores, going for the openings and doing multiple things. I think they also generated interest and joined in.
Q: What do you think is baggage as far as the older generation or the senior Biyani is concerned? What is it that you think you need to sweep out, if at all, since you are the ideator?
Ashni: Sometimes we focus a lot on the past. So maybe it is about moving beyond the past and not having benchmarks of the past that we can focus and look forward into the future.
Q: Is a big part of your ideating the fact that you are in a digital world; is that the big focus or is it much beyond that?
Ashni: Currently, a lot of our work is in understanding the digital space. A lot of our work is in understanding how a participative movement is possible today because of the digital medium. We are doing a lot of work in understanding that and trying to apply all of this into the business today. It applies itself in various ways right from the way we market ourselves to even small things like the logo or identities that we create for brands to the spaces or stores that we design. So I think it has a large influence and you will see a lot of it coming through in short times to come.
Pantaloon Ind stock price
On March 22, -, Pantaloon Industries closed at Rs 367.30, down Rs 1.15, or 0.31 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs  and the 52-week low was Rs .
The latest book value of the company is Rs 42.70 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 8.60.

Your Viewing Guide to the Blood MoonKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Americas craven capitulation in the WTOSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

http://usat.ly/1v0a8tSGet hackers off your back: Security tips for small biz
Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY 12:05 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
Video Keywords IBM industry data security Cisco Systems
Joel Fages, owner of Perch, a gift store in San Francisco, talks about how he keeps his customers' data secure.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  Small to medium sized businesses face something of a quandary
00:06  when it comes to data security. They don't have the budgets
00:10  to hire big security firms like IBM Cisco Systems but so
00:15  can't afford not to be thinking about security. For many very
00:19  small businesses. A merchant services company often in conjunction with compliance
00:25  company fills the bill. This'll manages who was hurt a small
00:32  gift and housewares store in San Francisco. He worked with two
00:36  companies to make sure his customers' information -- The first is
00:40  anorexia which manages his payment card processing. And the second is
00:44  control scanned. Which insures that perch is in compliance with the
00:48  payment card industry data security and standard where PCI. So I
00:53  was small business. We want to make sure that our customers
00:57  are. Protected there was never anything that you think about it
01:01  until each user credit card processor and then all of a
01:04  sudden you're like oh and you have to -- this and
01:07  so. Thankfully you know -- processors that -- has been very
01:11  helpful. Com and -- I mean they obviously don't want. I
01:15  mean it would hurt their business to their race or breach
01:17  of that processor that I used worked very closely with controls
01:22  again. Com we fill out -- questionnaire. Our business. Practices. The
01:28  online store and the store. Richard -- story itself. And then
01:33  once that question you're standing to withstand knocking on wood we're
01:37  heading to set yourself then and we've never had a problem.
Zoel Fages, owner of a gift and housewares store called Perch in San Francisco, on the phone with a credit card company dealing with a compromised credit card.
(Photo: Elizabeth Weise, USA TODAY)
297 CONNECT 200 TWEET 119 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — As attacks on computer systems rage on, no business is too tiny for  cybercriminals to see as a lucrative target.
Yet security for smaller companies is a real challenge. Any small-business owner is by definition a jack-of-all-trades, but a deep understanding of computer security is seldom among those skills.
"Trying to protect your company's data valuables or brand without the budgets, staffing or know-how of Fortune 500 companies is a daunting task," says Gartner security analyst Eric Ahlm.
Small to midsize businesses generally have three choices when it comes to protecting themselves online.
For those who mostly do simple credit card transactions, a merchant services company (sometimes called managed services) is often all they need. More complex businesses tend to rely on all-in-one programs, such as Norton or Symantec. Still larger businesses frequently outsource to an IT or security professional, who may provide similar services to multiple companies.
Simple outsourcing is the route Zoel Fages who owns Perch , a small gift and housewares shop in San Francisco, has taken.
A first-time business owner, he hired Axia , a merchant services company in Santa Barbara, Calif., to do his credit card processing and payments.
To deal with computer security, he also signed up for Axia's data breach program  through ControlScan , a company that helps businesses ensure they are compliant with the legally required Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, or PCI DSS.
"I had to answer a 69-question questionnaire, and they did a vulnerability scan last week," he said. He spent hours on the phone with ControlScan going over the results and is now confident his customers, and their credit card information, are safe.
Putting in 60-hour weeks to keep his boutique running, that's the extent of his efforts. "Maybe this is naiveté on my part, but I'm just assuming that if these tests are being done and I'm passing, then I'm meeting the compliance standards," he said amid scented candles and cheese boards.
It's not a bad bet for businesses that "frankly really don't have much data of interest to lose," said Ahlm. These types of managed service providers are easy to find, either through local merchants associations, the Chamber of Commerce or even judicious searching online.
For more midsize companies, doing security in-house with purchased software is an option. In just over a third of companies, the owner handles online security, while in another third a staff member is in charge of it, a National Small Business Association survey found.
Popular products include offerings from Symantec, Trend Micro and McAfee.
Many small-business owners turn first to Norton, a consumer-oriented security product owned by Symantec, because it's what they use on their home computers.
"They want something rock solid that's going to provide the protection they need. They don't want to have to fuss with it," said Brian Burch, vice president of  Norton Product Marketing at Symantec.
Norton's Small Business product starts at $100 a year with a license that covers up to five devices, and the ability to add more for $20 each.
When a business gets about 25 employees, many begin to switch to the more powerful Symantec Endpoint Protection Small Business Edition, "which is more meant for an IT professional within the company," said Burch. "It scales to hundreds of employees."
Many businesses eventually decide they need someone on the inside they can call on when something goes wrong.
Commercial Resins  in Henderson, Colo., has produced industrial coatings for oil pipe and rebar since the 1960s. In 2008, when the company had five computers and one server, it hired Brian Willms as a security consultant.
Originally it was just one of many clients whose computer security he managed remotely— a popular option for many midsize companies that can't afford a full-time tech staffer.
"Then we added more computers and staff and they all had smartphones, and suddenly they were saturating 100% of my time," Willms said. Eventually the company hired him as its sole IT staffer.
Today he manages the company's two locations, in Henderson and in Sidney, Neb., from his home in Tulsa using  Webroot, a cloud-based security company. "I'm pretty much always on call," he said.
Whatever security a company decides on, software can never be fully protective. Staff training is crucial, said Stephen Cobb with ESET, which offers security software and support for smaller businesses.
"We can make a piece of security software that says, 'Warning! Don't click this button!' But if your employees don't know that it's important not to click the button, your investment in that security software isn't going to pay off," he said.

Mulayam Singh Yadav re-elected as Samajwadi Party chiefMulayam Singh Yadav re-elected as Samajwadi Party chief
PTI
Samajwadi Party President Mulayam Singh Yadav.
Lucknow, Oct 8:  
Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav was today elected as the party national president for the ninth consecutive term on the opening day of its national convention.
Mulayam has been elected as the national president for ninth term unanimously, party’s national general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav said.
Mulayam would remain the party president for the next three years, he said.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

GSK Consumer s Zubair Ahmed to take up regional role next yearGSK Consumer's Zubair Ahmed to take up regional role next year
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 12:24 PM IST
Zubair Ahmed, senior vice-president, Indian sub-continent, GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (GSKCH) India, has been named the head of the Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa for the proposed joint venture between GSK Consumer Healthcare and pharmaceutical firm Novartis' OTC business.
This role expansion has been announced as a part of the integration planning process for the proposed JV with Novartis, the company said in a statement today. Ahmed will take over this role following closure of the deal which is expected in the first half of 2015, the company added.
Commenting on this, Emma Walmsley, president, GSKCH, said “I am delighted to announce Zubair’s designate role in the proposed new structure. His business acumen, people management skills and sharp understanding of these markets will help us in our goal to accelerate growth across our emerging markets business.”
Ahmed joined GSKCH in 2007 and over the last seven years has been responsible for leading a team that has more than tripled revenues of the India business.
He joins a growing band of Indian-origin executives who are either heading companies or taking up plum assignments abroad. His new role will see him manage operations of over 100 countries, which is a significant step-up from the three markets of India, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh that he handled as SVP, Indian Sub-Continent.

RCF  NFL up 7% as govt notifies new urea investment policyOct 08, 2014, 02.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
RCF, NFL up 7% as govt notifies new urea investment policy
Under this notification, the companies will get a subsidy only if the production starts in the next five years.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RCF, NFL up 7% as govt notifies new urea investment policy
Under this notification, the companies will get a subsidy only if the production starts in the next five years.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Fertiliser stocks like  Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilisers (RCF), and  National Fertilizers (NFL) rallied as much as 6.7 percent intraday Wednesday after a CNBC Awaaz report indicated that the government notified new urea investment policy.  Fertilisers and Chemicals Travancore (FACT) gained as much as 9 percent intraday.
Under this notification, the companies will get a subsidy only if the production starts in the next five years.
The subsidy will continue till 8 years after the commencement of production. Private companies are required to give a bank guarantee worth Rs 300 crore for every project, while public firms have been exempted from it, said the report.

Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on October 8Oct 08, 2014, 01.21 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on October 8
Here are a few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have HPCL, BPCL, IOC, Punj Lloyd, Bharat Forge, Sandesh, Tech Mahindra, Mindtree, Patel Logistic, Deepak Fertilisers and RCF.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on October 8
Here are a few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have HPCL, BPCL, IOC, Punj Lloyd, Bharat Forge, Sandesh, Tech Mahindra, Mindtree, Patel Logistic, Deepak Fertilisers and RCF.
Post your opinion here

PM s ambitious Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana to be unveiled on SaturdayOct 08, 2014 at 01:09pm IST
PM's ambitious Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana to be unveiled on Saturday
21
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the ambitious 'Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana' aimed to ensure holistic development of identified gram panchayats on Saturday (October 11), the birth anniversary of socialist stalwart Jay Prakash Narayan.
PM had announced the scheme during his address on Independence Day from the ramparts of the Red Fort.
The idea of this scheme is to ensure a holistic development of identified Gram Panchayats that substantially improves the quality of life of all sections of the population. The main features of the SAGY which has been drafted by the Ministry of rural development are:
PM had announced the scheme during his address on Independence Day from the ramparts of Red Fort.
#prime minister #saansad adarsh gram yojana #narendra modi #launch
- Each Member of Parliament should make one village and turn it into a model village by 2016, two more villages by 2019 and after 2019 each MP must develop 5 model villages during their tenure (one per year) in his/her area till 2024.
- MPs from urban areas should adopt villages from nearby rural constituencies.
- SAGY aims at turning villages into model villages not just through infrastructure development but gender equality, dignity of women, social justice, community service, cleanliness, eco-friendliness, peace and harmony.
- Mutual-cooperation, self reliance, local self-government, transparency and accountability in public life will also be expected as part of this turnaround.
- There will be a systematic environment creation and social mobilization, which will be led and guided by the MP him/herself.
- A village development plan to be prepared for every identified gram panchayat with special focus on empowering every poor household to come out of poverty.
- Planning process in every Gram Panchayat will be a participatory exercise coordinated by the District Collector. The Gram Panchayat also would be fully involved in this process.
24

Why India did well at the Asian Gamesa smaller medal tally notwithstandingJohn Samuel Raja D. John is co-founder of How India Lives.
October 8, 2014
The magnificent MC Mary Kom once again punched her way to a gold medal. Army marksman Jitu Rai shot his way to another gold. And after 16 years, India’s hockey team was crowned Asian champions. But how exactly did India—with 516 of the country’s finest athletes representing it—do at the Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea?
If the total number of medals won is a good measure of India’s performance at the Asian Games, then the performance has dipped marginally compared with the previous game in 2010. But that is not a fair comparison, for reasons we shall discuss shortly.
But overall, when compared over the last two decades, the medals tally has increased by more than two-and-a-half times.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Yet, simply looking at the medal count isn’t perhaps the best way to measure India’s success, as the total number of sports and events are decided by host cities. This time, the Korean authorities reduced the number of sports to 36 as compared to 42 in Guangzhou, China—the previous host city, back in 2010.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Another way to gauge success is to assess India’s share of the total number of medals that have been won at Asian Games. Here too, over the last two decades, Indian athletes have nearly doubled their share of total medals, although compared with 2010 games, the number has come down.

Govt mulls setting up taskforce to achieve 300 mt steel outputGovt mulls setting up taskforce to achieve 300 mt steel output
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 8:  
The government is considering formation of a task force to achieve 300 million tonnes (MT) steel output target in next 10 years, besides setting up of a national institute for steel sector.
“For long we have been talking about 300 MTPA (Million Tonnes Per Annum) target for production by 2025... I recommend formation of a taskforce, comprising of representatives from each sphere of the Indian steel industry (be it public or private producer, raw material supplier, technology provider or a logistics firm),” Minister of State for Steel and Mines Vishnu Deo Sai said at FICCI’s ‘Steel Summit’ here.
The minister further said that though there are many constituents in the eco-system that doubt the achievement of the target, “we, however, firmly believe that if we channelise our energies into the right direction, the target is very much achievable.”
In order to achieve such huge targets, he said, it is necessary that all stakeholders join hands and rise above internal conflicts to work as one unit and head strongly towards the goal.
He added that with such a target in foresight and the scale that has already been achieved, it is necessary that a national level institute dedicated to Indian steel industry becomes operational.
“This institute should act as a nodal learning and knowledge dissemination point for enhancing skill development, technology enhancement, research and development and other technical efficiencies for Indian steel manufacturers,” he said.
The proposed institute should have expertised guidance from existing national level institutes like IITs, IIMs and others and it should also be capable of guiding the domestic manufacturers on foreign collaborations, he said.
“I am sure such an institute would pave way for long-term exponential growth of the Indian steel industry,” he added.
He said developing capabilities of Indian steel industry around modern day requirements is another area that he would like to touch upon.
“One such area is the Cold Rolled Grain Oriented... It is a critical input for the manufacturing of transformers which is key for generation, transmission and distribution of electricity to end-users,” he said.
Only five global steel makers have the technology to produce such steel. India lags in this respect and dependent on imports to meet domestic requirements, he said.
“There have been some steps in the direction with the individual players but a concrete and dedicated output is yet to be achieved,” he added.
Last year, it was decided in a high-level meeting that push will be given towards creating domestic manufacturing capabilities in advanced materials, alloys and composites and also treble the country’s steel production capacity to 300 MT by 2025.
At present, the country’s crude capacity for steel production is 96 MT per annum.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Depression intensifies into Cyclone HudhudUpdated: October 8, 2014 18:13 IST
Cyclonic storm 'Hudhud' to hit coast on October 12
Satyasundar Barik
Tweet
Special Arrangement Latest satellite imagery of cyclone 'Hudhud’. Image courtesy: IMD
IMD The deep depression over north Andaman Sea and neighbourhood moved west-northwestward, intensified into a Cyclonic Storm ‘HUDHUD’ and lay centered at 0830 hrs IST of 8th October 2014 over north Andaman Sea.
TOPICS
cyclones
The storm, which lay centered about 1150 km southeast of Gopalpur, is expected to cross north Andhra Pradesh and adjoining Odisha coast between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur.
The deep depression over north Andaman Sea has intensified into a cyclonic storm ‘Hudhud’ which is mostly likely to intensify into a very severe cyclonic storm.
“The cyclonic storm ‘Hudhud’ lay centered about 1150 km southeast of Gopalpur. It was crossing Andaman and Nicobar Islands close to Long Island. Thereafter, the system would continue to move west-northwestwards, intensify further into a severe cyclonic storm during the next 24 hours, subsequently into a very severe cyclonic storm,” said S. C. Sahu, Director of Bhubaneswar Meteorological Centre here on Wednesday.
The cyclonic storm would cross north Andhra Pradesh and adjoining Odisha coast between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur by October 12.
“When it would hit the coast, the wind speed of cyclonic storm could be between 120 km per hour and 140 km per hour. As the system will come closer, we will be in a position to pin-point the exact location where landfall would occur,” said Dr. Sahu.
He said, “atmospheric conditions including sea surface temperature are favourable for the system to get intensified. At present, the speed of storm is between 10 km and 15 km per hour. Clouds formation has already begun around the system.”
“From October 11 evening, southern Odisha districts will start receiving rainfall. It will get heavier next on October 12. Interior pockets of the State would heavy rain around October 13,” predicted Bhubaneswar Met Centre director.
He further said, “catchment of rivers Rushikulya, Vansadhara and Lower Mahanadi would receive heavy rain. On the next day (October 13), upper catchment of Mahanadi, Brahamani and Budhabalanga would get heavy rainfall. It is apprehended that some places in Rushikulya and Vansadhara rivers would receive around 100 mm of rainfall.”
“Analysis of various models makes it clear that there are little chance of cyclonic system would veer from its present course,” Dr. Sahu said.
Last year, on October 12, a very severe cyclonic storm ‘Phailin’ had hit Odisha coast at Gopalpur causing extensive damage.

Govt mulls action against Flipkart s discount saleOct 08, 2014, 03.56 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt says to look into traders' concerns on Flipkart sale
Flipkart's 'Big Billion Day' sale on Monday, that offered steep discounts on various products, has raised concerns among small and big traders that such campaigns would badly affect players in the traditional retail market.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt says to look into traders' concerns on Flipkart sale
Flipkart's 'Big Billion Day' sale on Monday, that offered steep discounts on various products, has raised concerns among small and big traders that such campaigns would badly affect players in the traditional retail market.
Post your opinion here
 
After receiving "many complaints" from traders on Flipkart's massive discount sale, government on Wednesday said it will look into the concerns and take a call on whether more clarity is required on e-commerce retail business.
Flipkart's 'Big Billion Day' sale on Monday, that offered steep discounts on various products, has raised concerns among small and big traders that such campaigns would badly affect players in the traditional retail market.
"We have received many inputs. Lot of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman told reporters here.
When asked whether the government is considering any particular policy for e-commerce retailing, she said the matter would be looked into.
"Now there are many complaints. We will study the matter... Whether there is a need for a separate policy or some kind of clarification is needed, we will make it clear soon," Sitharaman, who is also the Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, said.
In recent times, many e-commerce portals have been coming out with steep discount sales.
Flipkart has said that its 'Big Bilion Day' sale saw 1.5 million people shopping at its portal. It also claimed that products worth over Rs 600 crore were sold in just 10 hours under the scheme.
Earlier this week, traders body CAIT had demanded the Commerce and Industry Ministry take steps to monitor and regulate online businesses.
The Confederation of All India Traders has also sought a probe into the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies to find out how they are offering huge discounts during the ongoing festive season.
To a query related to Foreign Trade Policy (FTP) announcement, Sitharaman said that it will come "soon".
"The new policy would be different from the previous ones. It will focus on lot many things," she said.
FTP deals with matters related to exports and imports.
RELATED NEWS

Why Indian firm should not focus on  making in IndiaHi Guest
Why Indian firms should not focus on 'making in India'
Image: Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the launch of the Make in India Mission at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. Photograph: Manvender Vashist/PTI Rather than focussing on manufacturing, Indian companies need to go the Apple way. They need to concentrate on conceiving, designing and branding products. Manufacturing can be outsourced. There is no point in reinventing the wheel by getting into conventional manufacturing now. India’s strength lies in entrepreneurship when compared ...

Shriram Properties bags Assocham awardsShriram Properties bags Assocham awards
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Oct 8:  
Shriram Properties, the property development arm of Shriram Group, has bagged the award for ‘Best Developer in Southern Region for the second successive year 2014’ and “Best Realty Investment Partner in India” by The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham).
This is the second consecutive year that Shriram Properties has received the prestigious award in recognition of its contribution to the Indian real estate sector.
Union Urban Development and Housing Minister M Venkaiah Naidu presented the two awards to M Murali, Managing Director, Shriram Properties, at the seventh Real Estate Summit organised by Assocham in New Delhi recently.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

GSK Consumer Healthcare appoints Zubair Ahmed as head of Asia Pacific  Middle East and Africa regionHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GSK Consumer Healthcare appoints Zubair Ahmed as head of Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa region
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct. 8:  
GSK Consumer Healthcare India MD Zubair Ahmed, has been appointed as the designate Head of Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa for the proposed joint venture between GSK Consumer Healthcare and Novartis OTC, the company said in a statement on Wednesday.
The company said that in this new role, in addition to the Indian Sub-Continent business, he will also oversee operations of Asia Pacific which includes China, Japan, Australia and New Zealand, Middle East (including Turkey, Iran and Pakistan) and Africa.
"This proposed role expansion is announced as a part of the integration planning process for the proposed joint venture with Novartis. It is proposed he will take over this role following closure of the deal which is expected in the first half of 2015," the company said in a statement.
Ahmed joined GSK Consumer Healthcare in 2007 and has been responsible for leading a team that has more than tripled revenues in the GSK India sub continent business.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Record output at Durgapur Steel PlantHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Record output at Durgapur Steel Plant
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Oct 8:  
Durgapur Steel Plant of SAIL in July – September quarter recorded the best ever performance in the production of hot metal, saleable steel, total caster and billet caster.
The production of blend mix, sinter, section mill, merchant mill and special steel and value added items exceeded Q2 targets, DSP said in a statement.
In September, hot metal output grew 2 per cent and saleable steel production rose 1 per cent over the corresponding month last year.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Vizag steel plant disinvestment opposedVizag steel plant disinvestment opposed
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Oct. 8:  
The proposed disinvestment of 10 per cent stake in the Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited - Visakhapatnam steel plant is a retrograde move and it should be opposed by the unions, the public and all other sections, according to Ch. Narasinga Rao, a member of the State executive of the CPM.
At a press meet here on Wednesday, he said the NDA Government appeared to be firm on completing the process of offloading 10 per cent stake in the public sector unit by November and therefore the unions and others should intensify their struggle. He said the RINL as the only shore-based steel plant in the country had a great many advantages due to its location, but the Government was going ahead with its decision to dilute its equity.
He said that in the past too the UPA Government had made attempts to push through the 10 per cent sale of the stake in the steel plant, but the move had to be postponed due to weak market conditions. All the unions had opposed the move unitedly in the past and gone on a day's strike in protest and they should show the same spirit of solidarity in fighting the move now, he added.
He also accused the Government of grossly undervaluing the plant, ignoring its advantages such as its location and the ensuing logistical advantages, the huge land bank it was having and the recent completion of the expansion project. He said the Government was highlighting only the disadvantage of the RINL of not having captive iron ore mines.
He said even now the market conditions were not conducive for dilution of the stake and the NDA Government should give up the move as in 2012. Otherwise, it would be opposed, he said.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Depression intensifies into Cyclone Hudhud  storm likely to cross AP  Odisha on Oct12Though Cyclone Hudhud is most likely to make landfall in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh, southern parts of Odisha could experience heavy rainfall. (Source: PTI/file)
Press Trust of India | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 8, 2014 3:28 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 4:07 pm
The deep depression in North Andaman Sea and its neighbourhood intensified into a cyclonic storm on Wednesday and is likely to cross Andhra Pradesh and Odisha coast on October 12.
Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik reviewed the situation with concerned departments and said all preparation have been made on par with those made to deal with Cyclone Phailin last year.
“The Cyclonic Storm ‘Hudhud’ lay centered at 0830 hours over North Andaman Sea and adjoining Southeast Bay of Bengal near latitude 12.30 N and longitude 92.90 E, about 1150 km Southeast of Gopalpur,” the latest bulletin issued by IMD here said.
It is now crossing Andaman & Nicobar Islands close to Long Island, the IMD said, adding the system would thereafter continue to move west-northwestwards and intensify further into a severe cyclonic storm in next 24 hours and subsequently into a very severe cyclonic storm.
“The system would cross north Andhra Pradesh and adjoining Odisha Coast between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur by noon on 12th October,” the IMD said.
Under its impact, the region is likely to experience rain or thundershower at one or two places over Odisha during the next 24 hours, it said.
The MET office advised hoisting of storm warning of distant cautionary signal number two (DC-II) by replacing the earlier distant warning signal number one (DW-I) at Paradip and Gopalpur Ports in Odisha.
It also advised fishermen in deep sea to return to the coast immediately.
Patnaik, who held a review meeting during the day, told reporters, “I reviewed the situation with concerned departments. All preparation have been made on par with the one made to tackle Cyclone Phailin last year … Go for evacuation of people if required.”
Departments have been asked to implement the contingency plan, he said.
A press release issued by the CMO said as per its information the system remains 1170 km from Gopalpur and will cross Visakhapatanam and Kalingapatanam in Andhra Pradesh on October 12.
Though Cyclone Hudhud is most likely to make landfall in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh, southern parts of Odisha could experience heavy rainfall along with wind at the speed of 100 kmph to 140 kmph, the release said, adding the state government was ready to face the situation.
The IMD model, which is based on latest analysis, suggested that the gusting speed would be 85 kmph as soon as the deep depression takes the shape of cyclonic storm. The wind speed would remain at about 90 kmph all along the day and it would continue till tomorrow.
The cyclonic storm would, however, further intensify and take the form of severe cyclonic storm tomorrow with gusting speed of 110 kmph, the IMD bulletin said.
On October 10 the severe cyclonic storm will take the form of very severe continued…

Struggling Congress fields all itsstalwartsComments
A vendor from a nearby village with his chicken sits near a campaign hoarding featuring Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan near Juna Bazar on Tuesday. (Source: Arul Horizon)
The Congress has been struggling to maintain its strength in the city, which was once its stronghold. But its reach has been decreasing with time, as the party managed to send only two legislators to the state Assembly in the last poll. And it all began after the NCP started spreading its wings in the city, despite being an ally of the Congress.
The party has been going through a rough time in the city in the last few years, with its numbers decreasing even at the local civic body. Recently, the party lost its seat to the BJP in the Lok Sabha elections, with its candidate, Vishwajeet Kadam, being defeated by a record margin of three lakh votes.
The Congress managed to remain in power at the state and Centre by tying up with the NCP but it adversely impacted the party’s chances in the city. Former city MP Suresh Kalmadi, suspended by the Congress after corruption allegations, ensured that the party does not give a smooth ride to the NCP to grow in the city, by taking on NCP leader Ajit Pawar.
The fall of the Congress in the city began after the alliance with the NCP as it was thrown out of power in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) in 2007, with the NCP  emerging as the largest party in the civic body. The NCP joined hands with the Shiv Sena and the BJP to keep the Congress out of the power centre of the city. Later, in the 2012 civic elections, the Congress was thrown to third place and the MNS emerged as the second largest party in the PMC.
To maintain some power, it joined hands with the NCP in the local civic body but was kept away from coveted posts. In the meantime, the party legislators’ strength from Pune reduced from four to just two seats as it could win only the Shivajinagar and Pune Cantonment Assembly seat in 2009.
Poll Scope
Now, the Congress in the city is scattered, with no strong face to lead from the front. The party had been divided into factions. It has an opportunity to display its strength and establish its lost pride but only at the cost of the effort of individual candidates in their respective Assembly seats.
The party stands a good chance in the Pune Cantonment Assembly segment due to the presence of minority votes, but will face stiff challenge from the NCP and the BJP to retain the Shivajinagar seat. The party has a decent amount of strength in the Parvati Assembly segment but could not contest the seat in the previous Assembly elections as it was continued…

Hold Hindalco Industries  says Mayuresh JoshiLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hold Hindalco Industries, says Mayuresh Joshi
Mayuresh Joshi, VP- Institution at Angel Broking advises holding Hindalco Industries.
Post your opinion here
02:00 pm
Mayuresh Joshi, VP- Institution at Angel Broking told CNBC-TV18, "Post the Supreme Court verdict the hit on Hindalco ’s balance sheet is closed to Rs 500 crore with one operational block at Talabira I. Clearly the recovery could basically hinch on what kind of policies the governments get into place. With kind of capex that Hindalco has done and with the kind of expected input cost push through to come through with it imported coking coal coming through. There are also certain issues related to Jharkhand but our belief is that the management is confident of bauxite inventory being sufficient enough.”
“The Novelis, its overseas arm is pretty ok in terms of operational performance both in terms of recycling and the auto demand coming back in the European and the American region. So in that sense itself a lot of develop is to be watched out for specifically with all the companies including Hindalco which has impacted by the Supreme Court Verdict. So investors probably hold on to the stock,” he added.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Asian Paints  sell Motherson Sumi  IRB Infra: Sukhani02:30 pm
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " Motherson Sumi Systems and IRB Infrastructure Developers  are short term selling ideas, you sell today or tomorrow morning if there is weakness and either take minor modest profits or get out of the markets. Because short selling at this point is not very rewarding but that is still the only trade that should be taken considering the short term trend."
"One can buy Asian Paints . The stock was in a five days trading range and is now breaking out on the upside from that range and promising life time new highs soon enough. So this is a good trade to be in on the long side and two relative risk trades on their short side," he said.
 

2 Americans  1 German Win Chemistry NobelKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Eric Betzig  Stefan W Hell and William E. Moerner Win the Nobel Prize for ChemistryKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Alcoa  Fed loom large for Wall Street
Govt says to look into traders  concerns on Flipkart saleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex hits near two-month closing low; Infosys slumpsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Zinc moves down in futures trade on global cuesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BEML bags Rs 5.70 bn order from DMRCThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

TN CM slams Lanka s new trend of detaining stranded fishermenThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Everlon Synthetics to consider right issue of equity sharesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rajshri Entertainment partner with New MSNThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Continental Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 08, 2014, 03.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Continental Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGM
Continental Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has made some changes in the Directorship and Auditorship of the Company i.e. 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Continental Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGM
Continental Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has made some changes in the Directorship and Auditorship of the Company i.e. 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Continental Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has made some changes in the Directorship and Auditorship of the Company i.e. 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Zensar Tech announces large multimillion dollar deal with leading UK high street retailerOct 08, 2014, 03.47 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Zensar Tech announces large multimillion dollar deal with leading UK high street retailer
Zensar Technologies has announced a significant multimillion dollar deal with leading UK high street retailer. The retailer is a large multibillion UK private company focusing on upmarket retail customers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Zensar Tech announces large multimillion dollar deal with leading UK high street retailer
Zensar Technologies has announced a significant multimillion dollar deal with leading UK high street retailer. The retailer is a large multibillion UK private company focusing on upmarket retail customers.
Post your opinion here
 
Zensar Technologies Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated October 08, 2014 titled "Zensar Technologies announces large multimillion dollar deal with leading UK high street retailer".  Zensar Technologies has announced a significant multimillion dollar deal with leading UK high street retailer. The retailer is a large multibillion UK private company focusing on upmarket retail customers. Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

I will buy only below level. probably 505 tomorrow. sure it will reac...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dear platinum mambers pls share of view of rushil decor i bought 300 @...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

6 out of 7 stoploss triggered loss given 2 lakhs on average still post...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

NCDRC asks insurance firm to pay over Rs 7L for damaged carE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

7.5% revenue growth expected during the quarter  says Kotak SecuritiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

New delisting regulations next month: UK SinhaNew delisting regulations next month: Sebi chairman
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 03:26 PM IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) will soon relax norms relating to delisting of companies from bourses, the regulatory body's chairman said on Wednesday. The markets regulator will also likely approve new regulations on insider trading and the listing agreement.
At a conference organised by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci) on Wednesday, Sebi chairman U K Sinha said work on new delisting regulations was at an advanced stage, adding the rules might be announced as early as November.
The announcements are likely to be made at Sebi's board meeting scheduled for November 10, said officials familiar with the development. They declined to be identified because the date has not yet been finalised. 
 
Earlier this year, the regulator had issued a discussion paper in which it proposed to revamp the formula for price discovery for delisting through a reverse book-building method. The current framework, promoters claim, is heavily skewed in favour of minority shareholders which makes taking a company back into private ownership extremely difficult.
Sinha said companies should be able to delist in an honourable and fair manner, keeping in mind the interests of investors.
Sinha said Sebi was also working to reduce the timeframe for initial public offerings (IPOs) to three-five days, through the use of the electronic IPO (or e-IPO) process. Currently, there is a gap of 12 working days between the close of the IPO and the listing of the stock.
The e-IPO process allows for paperless applications, which could significantly reduce the processing time for the issue. Sinha said this might be implemented this financial year.
"We are examining it seriously and might come out with something soon," he added.
It has also been suggested the settlement cycle for government bonds be changed from the T+1 model (trading day plus a day) to T+2. The government, Sebi and the Reserve Bank of India were working on the issue, Sinha said.
The market regulator also plans to replace the two decades-old insider trading regulations, based on the recommendations of a panel headed by N K Sodhi, former chief justice of the Karnataka and Kerala high courts. The panel had proposed expanding the ambit of and disclosure requirements related to insider trading regulations.
"The new insider trading regulations will be more stringent. They will also remove the anomalies persisting now," Rajeev Kumar Agarwal, Sebi's whole-time member, said on the sidelines of the Ficci conference.
Sebi had made the Sodhi Panel's report public in December 2013 for feedback.
The Sebi board might also approve proposed listing agreement regulations, which are expected to promote better corporate governance. These will replace the stock exchange listing agreement, a rule book currently followed by listed companies.
"The listing agreement already has legal status and is fully enforceable. The clear regulations will grant more sanctity to listing requirements and give them more flexibility," said Sandeep Parekh, founder, Finsec Law Advisors.
The regulator is also working on reducing the time between selling securities through public issues and listing or trading on stock exchanges. It also plans to tweak the institutional trading platform, as well as the mechanism for the settlement of government bonds.
Sinha also expressed confidence foreign flows would remain robust. "I wouldn't be surprised if FII (foreign institutional investor) flows this year are at an all-time high," he said. So far this year, FII have net-bought about $14 billion.
 

Gold sinks  platinum at multi-year lowgold and precious material
Gold touched its lowest level in more than 15 months on Monday as the dollar held near four-year highs and European shares advanced after strong U.S. jobs data, dampening appetite for bullion and pushing silver and platinum to multi-year lows.
Bullion has dropped 11 per cent from its July high of $1,345, entering into a correction which is defined as a 10 per cent drop from its most recent high. It is also within sight of a four-year low under $1,180 an ounce.
Spot gold was up 0.2 per cent at $1,193.10 an ounce by 0940 GMT after earlier falling to $1,183.46 an ounce, its weakest since June 28, 2013. Precious metals and commodities tumbled as the dollar rallied to levels not seen for four years. Societe Generale analyst Robin Bhar said.
“We are just above the support of $1,180, we are going to test that level again pretty soon and after that there is the psychological level of $1,150.” The absence of the main gold consumer China is weighing on the physical market, which usually sees a pick-up in demand from jewellers and retail investors when prices fall. Chinese markets have been shut for national holidays and will reopen on Wednesday.
Platinum was down 0.3 percent at $1,212.25 an ounce, having earlier fallen to $1,183.25 earlier.

HPs Meg Whitman changes her tuneBy Jena McGregor October 6 Follow @jenamcgregor
Hewlett-Packard, led by CEO Meg Whitman, is splitting into two companies. (POOL - REUTERS)
The news that Meg Whitman is splitting  HP  into two companies is historic. The venerable Silicon Valley institution was founded in a Palo Alto garage in 1939  and is often seen as the company  that kickstarted the digital age, transforming an agricultural area of California into a hotbed of innovation and technology.
But the split is not a new idea . Some analysts have long argued  for it and Whitman's predecessor as CEO, Leo Apotheker, floated the idea of spinning off the PC business back in 2011, just before getting fired.
Whitman has repeatedly rejected the idea herself. She shelved it three years ago after becoming CEO ("First and foremost, H.P. is a hardware company," she said at the time) and spoke out against it as recently as last year ("I am convinced that we should not break up this company," she  told CNBC in early 2013). 
Now, Whitman is changing her tune, swallowing her pride, and saying the best thing for the company is the very thing she initially opposed. That can't be easy. In doing so, she shows how delicate the communications tightrope is that every executive walks. Investors want, and deserve, to hear clear statements about a company's strategy. But once they're explicitly made, they can also come back to haunt the person who spoke.
In an announcement Monday, which was first reported Sunday by the Wall Street Journal, the company said it will carve itself in two, forming Hewlett-Packard Enterprise and HP Inc. Whitman will lead Hewlett-Packard Enterprise, which will include the company's tech infrastructure, software and services products. Current HP lead independent director Pat Russo will be chairman. HP Inc., meanwhile, will include the company's PC and printing products, and be led by current HP executive Dion Weisler. In an interesting twist, Whitman will retain power at that company, too, becoming its chairman of the board.
Whitman's answer for why the company needed to be split now, rather than previously, is that the company was not in a position before now to be divided. "Three years ago, you will recall this company was in a fairly difficult position," she is said to have told analysts on a Monday conference call. In a CNBC interview , Whitman said she had "to get HP in fighting shape" and that there was a "tremendous amount of repair work" to be done. "Frankly," she said, "before a few months ago we were not in the right position to do this."
Indeed, Whitman has had her work cut out for her. When she  took over in 2011 , shares were at a six-year low . She's had to deal with the ill-fated acquisition of the software maker Autonomy, a deal that resulted in a massive 2012 writedown and prompted investor lawsuits . And she inherited a company laden with years of change and turmoil in both the boardroom and the C-suite  — Whitman was HP's fourth CEO in less than seven years, and each of her three  predecessors had been ousted .
How much faith will investors have now in her declarations about strategy? We'll have to see. And will splitting up the company fix HP's issues? On that, the jury is out, too. Some analysts said the move made sense, even calling it "bold and smart," while other watchers  are  doubtful . Investors, at least, appeared more assured — HP's stock rose  more than five percent on the news.
Whatever happens, Whitman's willingness to swallow her pride and change her tune at least seems better than doggedly moving forward out of ego or overconfidence.
Read also:

Can rich countries afford the OlympicsCan rich countries afford the Olympics?
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff October 7, 2014: 9:13 AM ET
 
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Could the Olympic Games become the preserve of authoritarian regimes and developing countries?
Norway pulled out of the race to host the 2022 Winter Games last week, leaving only Beijing, China and Almaty, Kazakhstan in the running.
Oslo's bid had everything going for it -- Norway is a wealthy country, and its people are passionate about winter sports.
But the oil rich nation couldn't convince voters that it was worth spending their tax dollars on the sporting jamboree.
As the Olympics have grown in lavishness and gained a reputation for running over budget , many Western nations are refusing to throw their hats in the ring as they grapple with the hangover of the global financial crisis.
"Where people have a real voice, the voice is saying 'Let someone else pay for it'," said Victor Matheson, a professor of economics at College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Matheson's research shows that before 2000, more than 80% of Olympic bids came from developed nations .
"It used to be that no one even bothered bidding from an Istanbul or Cape Town or Beijing," he said.
But Western economies now account for only half of bids as they struggle with ballooning debts and voter opposition.
That leaves the field wide open for developing nations, who are more likely to gain from the opportunity to showcase themselves to the world, said Allison Stewart, an associate fellow at the University of Oxford's Saïd Business School.
"The Olympics have always attracted countries that want to show from an investment point of view that they are attractive," she said.
Russia spent about $50 billion on the Sochi 2014 Olympics, making it the most expensive Olympics in history . That's more than the combined cost of all previous Winter Games, Matheson estimates.
Related: South Africa's World Cup Warning to Brazil
Although three European nations -- Norway , Sweden and Poland -- have now dropped out of the 2022 race, rich countries haven't given up on the Games altogether.
Japan is gearing up to host the 2020 Summer Games in Tokyo. The bid is part of a wider strategy to revive the economy, encourage tourism and rebuild its global status after the devastating 2011 earthquake and tsunami.
Salt Lake City is said to be planning a bid for the 2026 Winter Games, but expects to re-use Olympic facilities from 2002 to keep costs down, said Matheson.
Related: NBC nails Olympics rights through 2032
A Norwegian government source said money was not the only reason Oslo dropped out. Some of the demands from the International Olympic Committee were over the top.
IOC documents show that Norway's King Harald was expected to host a two-hour meet-and-greet session for hundreds of Olympic officials and their partners.
The reception should include a "gift exchange" and cocktails.
"There's too much wining and dining [of IOC officials] ... It doesn't fit with Norwegian culture," said the government source.
The IOC said Norway's decision to drop its bid was "a missed opportunity".
A spokesperson for the IOC said it did not make demands, but rather offered "suggestions and advice."
The 2016 Summer Games will be held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, the first South American country to ever host the Olympics. South Korea will host the 2018 Winter Games.
The Sochi Winter Olympics in 2014 cost roughly $50 billion.
First Published: October 7, 2014: 4:37 AM ET
Most Popular

Rockwell partners Zen TechNEW DELHI, October 7, 2014
Updated: October 7, 2014 21:54 IST
Rockwell partners Zen Tech
PTI A. Kishore Dutt (left), President, Zen Technologies and Le Ann Ridgeway, Vice-President, Simulation and Training Business, Rockwell Collins at a press conferenc in New Delhi on Tuesday.
TOPICS
merger, acquisition and takeover
Rockwell plans to invest in India through strategic partnerships and strengthening existing customer relations.
U.S.-based Rockwell Collins and home-grown Zen Technologies, on Tuesday, entered into an agreement to tap the Indian defence market.
Both companies will be pooling their respective strengths in simulation and training to target Indian military customers.
While Rockwell Collins provides aviation simulation and training products, systems and integration solutions, Hyderabad-based Zen Technologies specialises in supplying ground military simulation and training solutions. The announcement coincided with the recent launch of the ‘Make in India’ campaign, noted Rockwell Colllins Asia Pacific Managing Director Jim Walker at a news conference while stating that the company was “here for the long term’’ and planned to invest in India through strategic partnerships and strengthening existing customer relations.
The existing partnership will open up avenues to further extend the company’s reach in the Indian defence market by providing Indian military customers with air and ground solutions that will better prepare their soldiers and airmen to successfully complete missions, noted another official LeAnn Ridgeway.
For Zen, the memorandum of understanding (MoU) enables it to enter the flight simulation segment besides retaining its edge as a strong force in land forces simulation. “We are very optimistic that this alliance will fill the gap in our capabilities to serve the needs of the flight simulation market in India,” said Zen Technologies President A. Kishore Dutt.

Mahindra to buy 51 % in Peugeot MotorcyclesUpdated: October 7, 2014 21:45 IST
Mahindra to buy 51 % in Peugeot Motorcycles
Special Correspondent
The Hindu Pawan Goenka (left), Executive Director with Rajesh Jejurikar, Chief Executive-Farm Equipment and Two Wheeler Division, Mahindra & Mahindra, at a press conference in Mumbai on Tuesday. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
stock activity
The binding offer is valued at Rs.215 crore
In a significant development for its overseas prospects, Mahindra Two Wheeler (MTW), the unlisted subsidiary of the Mahindra group, has made a binding offer to buy 51 per cent stake in Peugeot Motorcycles (PMTC), a part of the France-based 54-billion euro PSA group.
The transaction, subject to conditions, would involve the infusion of 15 million euro into PMTC to finance projects implemented through the partnership and further share sale by PSA, amounting to 13 million euro, giving MTW a 51 per cent stake in PMTC for 28 million euro (around Rs.215 crore).
Addressing a press conference here, M&M Executive Director Pawan Goenka said the transaction would be completed in three months and, thereafter, the PMTC board would have three directors from MTW and two from PSA.The current management and the CEO will continue. “We did not explore a complete buyout and insisted that they continue to remain invested as an active partner,’’ he said.
PMTC, also known as Peugeot Scooters, is the oldest motorised two-wheeler manufacturer in the world, offering scooters from 50 cc to 400 cc engines. Its plant at Mandeure, France, makes premium scooters and a 50:50 joint venture in China makes mass scooters.
Mr. Goenka said PMTC employed around 300 people in China and 500 in France. “There will be no restructuring for two years after takeover, but Peugeot is independently carrying out some restructuring as part of its stated plan,’’ he added.
Mahindra plans to follow a two-brand strategy.
Rajesh Jejurikar, CEO, Two wheelers, M&M, said Europe accounted for only 4 per cent of global two-wheeler sales and Peugeot had 75 per cent there.
“The focus will be on Europe and India. Vietnam will also be a thrust area given its high acceptance of French brands. We may set up local assembly there and could consider the North African market due to the same reasons,’’ he said. Mr. Goenka said PMTC’s scooters were priced at 1,000-9,000 euro, much more expensive than products in India.

Are stocks a trick or treatBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz October 8, 2014: 9:35 AM ET
 
Boo! October is often scary for stocks
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
So far this month, it's been more Shocktober than Rocktober for stocks.
The Dow , S&P 500 and Nasdaq plunged again Tuesday and are down about 2% during the first few trading days of October -- despite the big rally Friday following the jobs report .
Will stocks continue to slide for the rest of the month? October is notorious for some of the worst market crashes in history. Whether or not we get another one will all depend on corporate earnings.
KFC and Taco Bell owner Yum! Brands ( YUM ) kicked off things Tuesday after the closing bell. It's the first major company to report results for the third quarter. Earnings and sales missed forecasts.
Costco ( COST ) reported better than expected results before the opening bell Wednesday while Monsanto ( MON ) posted earnings that were below estimates. Alcoa ( AA ) is due to release its earnings on Wednesday. Pepsi ( PEP ) will report earnings on Thursday.
Corporate America needs to deliver strong results to make investors forget about Ebola, ISIS and signs of economic weakness in Europe and China.
Market bears are getting lots of treats as stocks fall. The bulls are stuck with rocks.
Is the earnings glass half full or half empty? The good news is that expectations are pretty low.
According to estimates from FactSet Research, analysts are only expecting earnings growth of 4.6% for companies in the S&P 500 during the third quarter. That's not a pie-in-the-sky estimate.
The equity research team at Morgan Stanley wrote in a report Tuesday that they think companies will "once again clear the lowered bar" for earnings. They pointed to better-than-expected results from FedEx ( FDX ), Adobe ( ADBE ) and homebuilder Lennar ( LEN ) last month as a positive sign.
But there's a reason the bar may be so easy to limbo under. It's because analysts aren't as optimistic as they were just a few months ago.
Related: Wall Street's beer goggles are clearing up. Now what?
Analysts had originally expected earnings growth of 9% for the third quarter back in August, according to FactSet. It may be tough to justify why stocks should head that much higher from current levels given that the estimated earnings growth rate for the quarter has been nearly cut in half.
One expert thinks companies also have to show that their profits are going up because of revenue growth -- higher demand for their products and services. It's not enough to just have cost cutting from mergers and layoffs as well as stock buybacks boosting earnings through lower share counts.
Sales are expected to increase in the quarter. But the 3.6% growth rate is lower than the growth rate for earnings.
"We are at the stage of the recovery where organic earnings matter. Financial engineering, not so much," wrote Tom Stringfellow, president and chief investment officer of Frost Investment Advisors in a report Tuesday.
Blame it on Bank of America. It is worth noting that one company's legal troubles from the past should drag down profits for the S&P 500 -- and the financial sector in particular. Bank of America ( BAC ) announced a long-awaited settlement with the Department of Justice in late August: it will pay $16.65 billion to put issues related to bad mortgage-backed securities behind it.
As a result of the settlement, BofA is now expected to report a loss of 9 cents a share for the third quarter. Analysts had been expecting a profit of 32 cents at the start of August.
If you exclude Bank of America's loss, earnings for the financial sector are expected to rise nearly 19%. With BofA, the growth rate drops all the way to 10.5%.
Related: Apple and Alibaba among the most popular stocks
The financial sector isn't the only one where growth rates are being affected by big changes from just one company. The telecom sector is expected to report the highest level of growth of any sector in the third quarter ... but it's solely due to strong numbers from Verizon ( VZ , Tech30 ). Take out Verizon and telecoms would be reporting a decline in profits.
And in health care, robust growth from biotech Gilead Sciences ( GILD ) is expected to help the sector report an earnings increase of 10.6%. Remove Gilead and the growth rate drops to just 3.9%
It's all about the guidance ... and the dollar. While third-quarter results matter, investors will pay even closer attention to earnings outlooks for the fourth quarter.
If businesses are bullish about the last few months of the year, then that could lead to a typical fourth quarter market surge.
But if companies are less optimistic, this recent sell-off could finally mushroom into a full-blown correction -- a drop of 10% from the highs.
What could cause companies to lower their outlooks? Continued economic weakness in Europe and a stronger dollar -- which are opposite sides of the same coin.
Related: These are the hottest ETFs and mutual funds of 2014
The surge in the greenback makes it tougher for U.S. companies to make money overseas as foreign sales made in weaker currencies get translated back to dollars for reporting purposes. It also makes the cost of U.S.-made products more expensive for Europeans given how weak the euro is versus the dollar.
Christine Short, senior vice president of Estimize, a site that uses crowdsourcing to come up with earnings and revenue estimates, said the dollar should not be a problem for third quarter results, but that it will be a big wild card going forward.
"Any company that blames the weak dollar for the third quarter may be bluffing a bit. It might be the new bad weather excuse," Short said. "But it could have an impact for the fourth quarter."
OK Computer: A quick shout-out to a Twitter follower who won one of my latest silly Name That Tune challenges. Our story on the International Monetary Fund cutting its global economic outlook inspired me to tweet this song lyric. "It's just business, cattle prods & the IMF."
A Twitter follower going by the handle of @spilknight wins for correctly identifying the song as "Electioneering" by Radiohead. Congrats! You are, as your Twitter bio claims, "an experiment in awesome."
And another line from "Electioneering" is an apt description of this volatile market. "When I go forwards, you go backwards. And somewhere we will meet."
First Published: October 7, 2014: 12:11 PM ET
Most Popular

Redskins promote Jeffcoat  cut Crawford  DavisBy Mike Jones October 7 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Redskins running back Silas Redd, left, and defensive back Akeem Davis, right, bring down Seattle Seahawks wide receiver Bryan Walters Monday night. On Tuesday, Davis was waived. (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post)
The Redskins on Tuesday promoted outside linebacker Jackson Jeffcoat from their practice squad to their 53-man roster, and also waived cornerback Richard Crawford and safety Akeem Davis , according to the NFL’s daily transaction report.
Washington also cut rookie tight end Ted Bolser, a seventh-round pick out of Indiana, from the practice squad.
Washington originally signed Jeffcoat to the practice squad on Sept. 2. The 6-foot-3, 253-pound Texas product signed with Seattle as an undrafted free agent in May. The Seahawks waived him on Aug. 25. Jeffcoat recorded four tackles in the preseason.
Jeffcoat last season led the Longhorns with 86 tackles and 13 sacks before earning all-American honors and receiving the Ted Hendricks Award – the honor for the nation’s top defensive end – as did current Redskin and former Texas standout Brian Orakpo in 2008.
Jeffcoat helps bolster Washington’s depth at outside linebacker. Orakpo is day-to-day with a sprained ankle. Ryan Kerrigan starts at left outside linebacker, and rookie Trent Murphy (a second-round pick) serves as a backup to both veterans.
Crawford signed to Washington’s 53-man roster last week after the team cut him from the practice squad in September. Crawford was inactive for Monday night’s game.
Davis, an undrafted rookie out of Memphis, had contributed on special teams, but rarely played on defense.
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered in Tuesday’s  Mailbag .
More from The Post:

The story of Maneki-nekoBy Adam Kilgore October 7 Follow @adamkilgorewp
(Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post)
On Monday morning, Jose Lobaton walked through San Francisco’s Chinatown district with his wife, shopping for something they could use to decorate their home. Lobaton bought a pair of dragons; the lady at the store told him they would protect the house, but he just thought they looked cool.
As Lobaton continued shopping, he spotted a golden cat figurine that swung its left arm like a pendulum.  “I liked it because that’s what Jayson does,” Lobaton said. To remind himself to hit down on the ball, Jayson Werth quickly flaps his right arm while on deck. Kind of like the cat.
Lobaton asked the girl behind the counter, “What’s that?” She replied it was for good luck. Lobaton learned the figurine was called a Maneki-neko, a Japanese good luck token. It cost $8.
“I said, ‘Let’s do something different,’ ” Lobaton said. “Why not?”
Nationals do-everything trainer John Hsu explained to Ramos that a left-handed Maneki-neko is supposed to bring good financial luck. “We want money,” Lobaton said. “Because if we win, we get more.”
Before Game 3, Lobaton placed the Maneki-neko on a shelf above the bat rack in the visitors dugout. The Nationals continued the run-scoring drought that began in their 18-innning Game 2 loss.
“Rochie told me in the fifth inning, ‘Hey, it’s not working. I’m going to break that [thing],’ ” Lobaton said. “I told him, ‘I’m going to move it.’ ”
In the sixth inning, Lobaton moved the cat to the back of the dugout bench, next to the bullpen phone. One inning later, the Nationals rallied for three runs after Madison Bumgarner misfired to third base. Wilson Ramos scored the third run on Asdrubal Cabrera’s single, hustling in from second base.
“After Wilson scored, he came in the dugout and was like, ‘Where’s the little cat? Where’s the little cat?’ ” Lobaton said.
Superstition is as much a part of baseball as pine tar or batting gloves. Even an imagined edge can become an edge. Rationality can take a backseat to belief. Before batting practice Tuesday, Lobaton placed the cat next to the bullpen phone.
“Everybody does that,” Lobaton said. “If you’ve got music before the game, if we win, we’re going to do it again. That’s the way baseball is. Baseball is like that. So why not? It could help us win today. Sometimes, just for your mind, it’s something different. If people say it’s for good luck, why not? We need that.”
Once Lobaton finished speaking, he grabbed a bat. On his way to the cage for batting practice, Lobaton gave the cat a high five. The Nationals are still just calling the cat Maneki-neko, with no specific name given.
“We’re going to name it maybe after we advance to the next round,” Lobaton said.
Adam Kilgore covers the Nationals for The Washington Post.

Alternative rationales for striking down laws banning same-sex marriage in todays Ninth Circuit opinionsBy Ilya Somin October 7
Today’s Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals decision striking down laws banning same-sex marriage is important in several ways. First, as co-blogger Dale Carpenter points out , same-sex marriage will now soon be legal in five more states, bringing the total to thirty-five. For reasons I noted in this post , the more states have legal gay marriage by the time the Supreme Court finally gets around to addressing the issue, the more likely it is to strike down laws banning same-sex marriage nationwide. Second, it adds to the already long and impressive string of victories by same-sex marriage advocates in numerous court decisions since the Supreme Court issued United States v. Windsor last year. This momentum also makes it more likely that the Supreme Court will ultimately rule the same way.
It is also notable that the judges on the Ninth Circuit panel outlined three different rationales for striking down laws banning same-sex marriage. Judge Stephen Reinhardt’s opinion for the court concluded that they violate the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, because they discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation, and sexual orientation discrimination is subject to heightened scrutiny. In a concurring opinion to his own majority opinion, Judge Reinhardt also concluded that these laws violate the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment because they infringe on the “fundamental” right to marriage.
In her separate concurring opinion, Judge Marsha Berzon argues that the laws also violate the Equal Protection Clause because it discriminates on the basis of sex, and cannot withstand the heightened scrutiny imposed on such legislation. In my view , this is the strongest argument for striking down laws banning same-sex marriage, and the one that the Supreme Court should ultimately adopt. Judge Berzon gives a powerful and succinct explanation of the reason why laws banning same-sex marriage qualify as sex discrimination:
Idaho and Nevada’s same-sex marriage prohibitions facially classify on the basis of sex. Susan Latta may not marry her partner Traci Ehlers for the sole reason that Ehlers is a woman; Latta could marry Ehlers if Latta were a man…. But for their gender, plaintiffs would be able to marry the partners of their choice. Their rights under the states’ bans on same-sex marriage are wholly determined by their sex.
A law that facially dictates that a man may do X while a woman may not, or vice versa constitutes, without more, a gender classification.
Judge Berzon correctly points out that a law that allocates legal rights on the basis of sex counts as sex discrimination even if it is not motivated by hostility to one or another gender. Craig v. Boren , the 1976 case where the Supreme Court first ruled that sex discrimination is subject to heightened scrutiny involved a case where there was probably no such hostility. Craig invalidated an Oklahoma law under which 18 to 20 year old men, but not women of the same age, were forbidden to purchase 3.2% beer. It is unlikely that the Oklahoma legislature of that era was motivated by anti-male sexism.
Berzon also notes that laws banning same-sex marriage “if anything, classify more obviously on the basis of sex than on the basis of sexual orientation.” Who you can and cannot marry under these laws is determined entirely by your gender, not your sexual orientation . Whether they are gay or straight, men are forbidden to marry other men, but permitted to marry women, and vice versa.
Finally, she emphasizes that, although much of the motivation for laws banning same-sex marriage is unrelated to sexism, as such, they do in part stem from a desire to enforce traditional gender norms. Same-sex couples are disfavored because they go against what for a long time were conventional understandings of masculinity and femininity. In that respect, laws banning same-sex marriage qualify as sex discrimination not only because they classify on the basis of gender, but also because they are in part intended to enforce gender-based behavioral norms.
It is now increasingly likely that the Supreme Court will issue a decision striking down laws banning same-sex marriage in the next few years. But it is not yet clear which of several possible rationales for this result it will rely on. In addition to the three theories outlined by the Ninth Circuit judges, it could also rule that the challenged laws fail even minimal rational basis scrutiny, possibly because they are motivated by “animus.” Which option the court picks is likely to have important implications for future cases . The sex discrimination approach is both the most compelling and the least likely to create problematic slippery slope effects . Unlike the “fundamental rights” argument, for example, it would not call into question state laws refusing to recognize polygamous and incestuous marriages.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Judge Pryor on the executive obligation to defend the lawLast Thursday, Judge William H. Pryor, Jr. of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit delivered the annual Sumner Canary Lecture at the Case Western Reserve University School of Law.  His topic:  How the Separation of Powers Informs the Executive Duty to Defend the Law .
Drawing on Judge Frank Easterbrook’s 1990 Canary lecture on “Presidential Review,” and his own experience as the Attorney General of Alabama, Judge Pryor argued that executive branch officials, including the U.S. Attorney General and state attorneys general, are not always obligated to defend the constitutionality of the law.  Specifically, Judge Pryor maintained that if an attorney general concludes, in good faith, that a given law is unconstitutional, he or she is under no obligation to defend it in court.
Criticisms of state AGs for refusing to defend objectionable state laws are misplaced, Judge Pryor maintained, insofar as such criticisms are premised on the idea of an unyielding obligation to defend all relevant laws. Any criticisms of these officials, Judge Pryor suggested, should focus on the substance of their position — whether they correctly concluded that the law at issue is unconstitutional — and not on the decision not to defend it.  After all, both the U.S. AG and state AGs take an oath to uphold the Constitution.  This means AGs should defend silly-but-constitutional laws, but refuse to defend defensible-but-unconstitutional ones.  Defending a law that is unconstitutional would conflict with that oath.
Judge Pryor’s lecture, like Judge Easterbrook’s from 1990, will be published in the Case Western Reserve Law Review, although not until next year.  In the meantime, you can view a video of his remarks here .
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

General takes back comment on U.S. troops treating Ebola patientsBy Dan Lamothe October 7 Follow @danlamothe
Gen. David Rodriguez, commander of U.S. Africa Command, said at a Pentagon briefing on Tuesday that the U.S. military effort to combat Ebola in West Africa would take "about a year," but that the timeline would depend on the spread of the virus and the scope of international participation. (AP)
The top U.S. commander overseeing operations in Africa said Tuesday that a small number of U.S. troops would be involved in treating patients with the Ebola virus directly, contradicting previous U.S. officials who said they would have no direct involvement with them. But the general corrected the record a short time afterward, saying they will work only with samples from patients.
The confusion came out of a news conference at the Pentagon, and underscored the sensitivities surrounding the deployment to West Africa of up to 4,000 U.S. service members as part of Washington’s response to the public health crisis. The Obama administration has said repeatedly that no U.S. troops would be involved in treating patients, and would instead focus primarily on constructing treatment centers and providing logistical support to health workers, including transportation.
But Gen. David Rodriguez, chief of U.S. Africa Command, said Tuesday that a small number of highly trained medical professionals in the military would treat Ebola patients in mobile laboratories.
“The mobile [labs] are testing people, OK? And some of them will have the Ebola virus,” Rodriguez said. “Now, those are trained at the highest level of something like nuclear, biological and chemical. So they’re all trained at a very, very high level.”
Rodriguez said that the laboratories would each have a three- or four-person team, and that there were three labs already deployed. Several more labs likely will be added, he said.
The general released a follow-up statement through the Pentagon Tuesday afternoon. In its entirety, it said:
“In response to comments I made today about U.S. military personnel potentially coming in direct contact with Ebola infected individuals, specific to lab testing, I want to clarify my remarks. U.S. military personnel working in the labs are not interacting with patients, only samples. The testing labs are manned by highly skilled and trained personnel from the U.S. Naval Medical Research Center. These labs provide 24-hour turnaround results on samples received from area clinics and healthcare providers, with the capability to process up to 100 samples per day.”
U.S. troops will be based in several countries in West Africa, including Liberia, at the heart of the ongoing Ebola crisis that has killed more than 3,400 people worldwide, according to the World Health Organization. They will be monitored several times per day for Ebola symptoms.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Patriotism is the latest fashion in MoscowBy Karoun Demirjian October 7 Follow @karoun
A shirt with an image of Russian President Vladimir Putin on a rack placed at GUM department store in Moscow on Monday. (Alexander Zemlianichenko/Associated Press)
MOSCOW — As diplomatic tensions singe Russia’s relationship with the West, patriotism is making a new fashion statement in Moscow.
On Monday evening, Russians lined up in the upscale GUM shopping mall on Red Square to purchase the latest threads of national pride: sweatshirts and other garments featuring the likeness of Russia’s president, Vladimir Putin, sporting military and hockey gear, hugging puppies and leopards, and warning that the former KGB intelligence officer is presently reading your thoughts.
Salesman show sweatshirts carrying images of Russian President Vladimir Putin in the GUM department store in Moscow on Monday. (Yuri Kochetkov/European Pressphoto Agency)
The sale was timed to coincide with Putin’s 62nd birthday, which fell Tuesday. But it is hardly the latest display of Russian pride – or anger toward the United States – to hit the garment rack since relations between Russia and the West began to sour over the Ukraine crisis.
Two weeks ago, a pair of women launched a campaign calling on Russians to trade in shirts displaying Western insignias and slogans in exchange for more “patriotic” clothing, bearing some fairly ungloved anti-Western messages.
Advertisements in Moscow announce a T-shirt exchange. "Exchange a T-shirt for a patriotic one!" announces the sign, featuring shirts with various anti-Western slogans. (Karoun Demirjian/The Washington Post)
Backed by some large corporations – including a major Moscow airport – the “Fashionable Answer – No to Sanctions!” campaign posted advertisements, held public gatherings for the shirt swaps and claimed it successfully swapped 30,000 “patriotic” T-shirts for Western T-shirts in just one week.
That’s 30,000 fewer shirts on the streets of Russia with Western flag or product symbols; they are now replaced by shirts bearing messages such as: “Topol [as in Topol missiles] isn’t afraid of sanctions,”  “Sanctions? Don’t make my Iskander [as in Iskander missiles]  laugh,”  and “We have our fun without your Coca Cola.”
(Coca Cola, incidentally, is still widely available in Russia. It’s fresh fruits, vegetables, meat, dairy and fish from the West that have been banned.)
The patriotic T-shirt campaign was so popular that the designers have had to temporarily suspend their campaign to print new ones, they wrote on Facebook last week.
People queue to choose shirts with an image of Russian President Vladimir Putin at the GUM department store  in Moscow on Monday. (Alexander Zemlianichenko/Associated Press)
Meanwhile, casual pro-Putin regalia is widely available and being marketed both toward Russians as well as tourists, who can pick up their very own Putin “futbolka” (that’s Russian for T-shirt) in countless souvenir and tchotchke stores in and around the city.
His country’s economy may be struggling due to sanctions, but Russian President Vladimir Putin's popularity has never been higher. (Reuters)
Karoun Demirjian is a reporting fellow in The Post's Moscow bureau. She previously served as the Washington Correspondent for the Las Vegas Sun, and reported for the Associated Press in Jerusalem and the Chicago Tribune in Chicago.

Finance Ministry  RBI to unveil new monetary policy framework by Feb 1Finance Ministry, RBI to unveil new monetary policy framework by Feb 1
Shishir Sinha
8-member panel to finalise policy contours, inflation targeting
New Delhi, October 7:  
The Finance Ministry aims to complete the formalities for implementation of the new Monetary Policy Framework Agreement by February 1. However, it will be left to the Reserve Bank of India to decide on the date of implementation.
The proposed framework aims to change the monetary policy formulation and will also focus on inflation targeting. Traditionally, the monetary policy formulation is a closed-door affair in the RBI. But, with the new system, an eight-member Monetary Policy Committee will now take a call on the policy, and the central bank will then implement it.
“The Finance Ministry is writing to the RBI seeking its comments on the proposed policy. The proposal will then be placed in the public domain before finalising the agreement,” a senior Finance Ministry official told BusinessLine. The RBI is likely to be asked to respond by October 31. The endeavour is to sign the agreement by February 1, 2015, to show that one of the key Budget announcements has been implemented, the official added.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitey, in his Budget speech on July 10, had said, “It is also essential to have a modern monetary policy framework to meet the challenge of an increasingly complex economy. Government will, in close consultation with the RBI, put in place such a framework.”
The proposed framework is based on a combination of recommendations by FSLRC (Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission) and the Urjit Patel Committee, along with inputs from the Rajan Panel on Financial Sector Reforms.
“It is one of the biggest non-legislative actions on the suggestions given by FSLRC,” the official added.
As recommended by the FSLRC, the committee would comprise the Governor and a Deputy Governor (in-charge of monetary policy), besides five members from outside and a Government nominee. The decision will be based on the majority view to be established through voting. However, the Government nominee will not have voting right and will simply provide inputs from the Government.
The official said once the draft framework is finalised, an agreement will be signed between RBI and the Finance Ministry. This will be the second agreement for a big shift after both sides signed an agreement for ways & means in 1997.
The proposed policy framework has also drawn inspirations from the UK. It also prescribes the proceedings of Monetary Policy Committee to be made public with a time lag and proper attribution.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

Financial crisis overhaul for credit swapsFinancial crisis overhaul for credit swaps
By Philip Stafford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/92e01096-4d4e-11e4-8f75-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Centralised OTC plan a dream  says IsdaGlobal repository plan ‘a dream’, says Isda CEO
By Philip Stafford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e672608a-434c-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spain scrambles to limit spread of EbolaSpain scrambles to limit spread of Ebola after nurse infected
By Tobias Buck in Madrid and Clive Cookson in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1608a608-4dff-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Human frailty will outlive payday controlA ban on payday lending will not abolish human frailty
ByJohn Kay
The trick seems to be to allow enough legal leeway to keep social harm at modest levels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6bd0c55a-4d43-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LED there be light: 3 share physics Nobel for blue diodeprint
An invention that promises to revolutionize the way the world lights its homes and offices - and already helps create the glowing screens of mobile phones, computers and TVs- earned a Nobel Prize on Tuesday for two Japanese scientists and a Japanese-born American.
By inventing a new kind of light-emitting diode, or LED, they overcame a crucial roadblock for creating white light far more efficiently than incandescent or fluorescent bulbs. Now LEDs are pervasive and experts say their use will only grow.
"Incandescent light bulbs lit the 20th century; the 21st century will be lit by LED lamps," the Nobel committee said in announcing its award to Japanese researchers Isamu Akasaki and Hiroshi Amano and naturalized U.S. citizen Shuji Nakamura.
Their work, done in the early 1990s, led to a fundamental transformation of technology for illumination, the committee said. And when the three arrive in Stockholm to collect their awards in early December, "they will hardly fail to notice the light from their invention glowing in virtually all the windows of the city."
Nakamura, 60, is a professor at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Akasaki, 85, is a professor at Meijo University and Nagoya University in Japan, while Amano, 54, is also at Nagoya. Akasaki and Amano made their inventions while working at Nagoya, while Nakamura was working separately at the Japanese company Nichia Chemicals.
(L-R) Shuji Nakamura, Isamu Akasak, and Hiroshi Amano (AFP, Reuters, AP photos)
At a press conference, Nakamura said he is "happy to see that my dream of LED lighting has become a reality. Nowadays we can buy energy-efficient light bulbs in the supermarket and help reduce energy use. I hope this helps to reduce global warming too," he said, reading from a prepared statement.
Asked earlier if he realized the importance of his research early on, he told reporters, "Nobody can make a cellphone without ... my invention."
Akasaki told a nationally-televised news conference in Japan that he had faced skepticism about his research bearing fruit. "But I never felt that way," he said. "I was just doing what I wanted to do."
Amano said in an interview on NTV aired from Lyon, France on Wednesday that he credits Japan's high school and university systems for his win.
"To know that the ultimate purpose of education, or anything, is to do something to help people. That says it all," he said.
Before their work, scientists had long been able to produce red and green light with LEDs. But they needed a blue LED as well to make white light, a goal sought for about 30 years. The three new Nobel laureates created blue LEDs.
A desk lamp and an LED torch light are seen on the desk as Nobel Committee for Physics members give a press conference to announce the winners of the 2014 Nobel Prize in Physics. (AFP Photo)
It's "a fundamental invention that is rapidly changing the way we bring light to every corner of the home, the street and the workplace," H. Frederick Dylla, the executive director and CEO of the American Institute of Physics, said in a statement.
For illuminating schools, homes and offices, "it's quite possible this will change everything. All the light sources could easily become
blue-LED-based light sources," said Mark Rea, director of the Lighting Research Center at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, New York.
Nadarajah Narendran, director of research at the center, estimated the share of illumination by LED lights in homes, offices, streets and industries is approaching 10 percent in the United States. Within five years, he said, that fraction will probably exceed 30 percent as prices come down.
People can already buy LED lights for their homes at a fairly affordable price, he said.
In poor countries, such lights are replacing alternatives like kerosene lanterns, he said.
"It's touched (people) from the poor to the rich in a very short time frame," he said.
The Nobel committee noted that for people not supplied by power grids, LED lamps may be feasible to use with cheap solar power because they consume so little energy.
The committee also said the efficiency of LEDs helps save the Earth's resources because about one-fourth of world electricity consumption is used for lighting.
Not all reactions to the prize were laudatory. Many colleagues of Nick Holonyak Jr., a retired professor from the University of Illinois who invented the red LED in 1962, have long said his work was unjustly overlooked by the Nobel committee. In the past, Holonyak, now 85, has said the award was far less important to him than the work.
But on Tuesday, Holonyak said the work done by the new winners was built on achievements by himself and dozens of others who worked with him.
"I find this one insulting," he said in an interview in Urbana, Illinois.
Last year's physics award went to British scientist Peter Higgs and Belgian colleague Francois Englert for helping to explain how matter formed after the Big Bang.
On Monday, US-British scientist John O'Keefe split the Nobel Prize in medicine with Norwegian couple May-Britt Moser and Edvard Moser for breakthroughs in brain research that could pave the way for a better understanding of diseases like Alzheimer's.
Watch: 2 Japanese, 1 American Win Nobel Physics Prize
The Nobel award in chemistry will be announced Wednesday, followed by the literature award on Thursday, the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday and the economics prize on Monday.
Worth 8 million kronor ($1.1 million) each, the Nobel Prizes are always handed out on Dec. 10, the anniversary of prize founder Alfred Nobel's death in 1896. Besides the prize money, each laureate receives a diploma and a gold medal.
Nobel, a wealthy Swedish industrialist who invented dynamite, provided few directions for how to select winners, except that the prize committees should reward those who "have conferred the greatest benefit to mankind."
This year's physics prize, the Nobel committee said, was given with that idea in mind.

Yahoo to lay off workers in Bangalore to cut costsYahoo to lay off employees in Bangalore to cut costs
Alexei Oreskovic     San Francisco   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 13:49 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Yahoo is reducing the size of its operations at its engineering facility in Bangalore, which is the Internet company's largest such office outside its California headquarters.
Yahoo said in a statement on Tuesday that it was consolidating "certain teams into fewer offices" in Bangalore, but that it would continue to have a presence there.
The move comes more than a week after activist investor Starboard Value LP publicly pressured Yahoo to cut what it referred to as a "bloated" cost structure.
"As we ensure that Yahoo is on a path of sustainable growth, we're looking at ways to achieve greater efficiency, collaboration and innovation across our business," the company said in its statement on Tuesday.
A one-time Internet pioneer , Yahoo is trying to revive stagnant revenue growth under the leadership of Marissa Mayer, who took the helm as Chief Executive two years ago.
Mayer has weighed layoffs in Bangalore since early in her tenure, people familiar with the matter previously told Reuters.
Yahoo had roughly 2,000 employees in Bangalore in March 2013, according to the sources. At the time, Mayer was weighing bringing certain jobs in the country back to Sunnyvale, California, to unite more of Yahoo's product development at the home base, one of the sources said at the time.
(Reuters)

New PPI index likely to replace WPI by FY16; trials to begin soonNew PPI index likely to replace WPI by FY16; trials to begin soon
Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Published:  Oct 08 2014, 10:08  IST
Oct 08 2014, 10:08  IST
 

Hrithik Roshan  Bang Bang  box office collections fall on Eid  but film nears Rs 150-cr markHrithik Roshan 'Bang Bang' box office collections fall on Eid, but film nears Rs 150-cr mark
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 08 2014, 10:32  IST
Oct 08 2014, 10:32  IST
 

207 farmers allegedly committed suicide in Telangana in 4 monthsPrint
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: October 8, 2014 2:32 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 8:20 am
The situation is grim in Warangal where 52 farmers allegedly committed suicide, followed by 35 in Medak, 31 in Adilabad, 28 in Nalgonda, 27 in Karimnagar and 18 in Mahububnagar.
(Source: Express photo by Gurmeet Singh)
At least 207 farmers have committed suicide in Telangana in the last four months, according to Rythu Swarjya Vedika, an umbrella group of voluntary organisations working on farmers’ issues. The situation is grim in Warangal where 52 farmers allegedly committed suicide, followed by 35 in Medak, 31 in Adilabad, 28 in Nalgonda, 27 in Karimnagar and 18 in Mahububnagar.
Inadequate rainfall, dry bore wells, depletion of ground water and scarce irrigation facilities leading to general crop failure have been cited as the reasons that forced these farmers to end their lives.
“A majority of the victims are tenant farmers who pay very high rates to take land on lease, often paying up to Rs 10,000 per acre per season. When their crops fail, they are left in debt. With private financiers hounding them, they take their own lives,’’ said RTI activist B Kondala Reddy who is associated with Rythu Swarjya Vedika, and Caring Citizens Collective, an NGO. The Agriculture Department officials said cotton and chilli farmers have been hit hard, because of unseasonal showers and lack of sufficient rainfall.
In Warangal, the groundwater levels went down this September to 8.06 metres below ground level, last September it was at 5.07 metres. Officials said Warangal received 31 per cent less than normal rainfall this year. The situation is the same in Adilabad with 29 per cent deficit and Nalgonda with 38 per cent less rainfall. In Medak district where 35 farmers allegedly committed suicide, there was only 44 per cent rainfall putting thousands of paddy, cotton and sugarcane farmers in distress.
There were five farmer suicides each in Ranga Reddy and Khammam and six in Nizamabad.
Officials say since agriculture in Telangana is predominantly dependent on bore wells, depleted groundwater levels coupled with power cuts have hit the farmers. Agriculture Minister P Srinivas Reddy blamed the previous Congress government for the plight of farmers. “The previous government did not create proper irrigation facilities nor has it bothered about the welfare of farmers. The farm loan waiver of the TRS government will aid the farmers immensely,’’ Reddy said, when asked about the alleged suicides.
Meanwhile, data put together by the CID, Telangana State, reveals that last year in undivided Andhra Pradesh 2014 persons involved in farming and agriculture activity committed suicide. The report says, 460 were women and 1554 male farmers. The highest number of farmer suicides last year was in Mahbubnagar (287) now in Telangana, followed by Anantapur (256) in Andhra. In other Telangana districts, 147 committed suicide in Karimnagar, 113 in Medak, 135 in continued…

Hiring records 14% growth; IT/Telecom sector shines again: TimesJobs RecruiteXHiring records 14% growth; IT/Telecom sector shines again: TimesJobs RecruiteX
Oct 7, 2014, 06.27PM IST
(From January 2014 to September…)
By: TimesJobs.com Bureau
The Indian job market is touching new highs with the IT/Telecom industry writing its strongest growth story with a 20 per cent increase in jobs in just one month, reports RecruiteX, the Jobs Index by TimesJobs.com. The index recorded a 14 per cent increase in September 2014 over August 2014. From January 2014 to September 2014 period, there has been a 21 per cent increase in demand for IT/Telecom professionals, shows RecruiteX. This is clearly an exciting time for IT job-seekers in India Inc. They never had it so good in recent times.
Demand doubled for Senior IT professionals
The hiring pattern is strong across all levels in the IT/Telecom industry. The time is best for senior IT professionals to look for a job. Job opportunities have doubled for senior IT professionals with over 20 year's experience, with a 67 per cent increase from January 2014 to September 2014 period. IT professionals with 10-15 years experience reported a 20 per cent increase during the same period.
As per TimesJobs.com data, software engineers, application programmers, database administrators (DBA), graphic designers/animators/web designers and project leaders/project managers are the hottest jobs in the IT industry, currently.
Jobs galore across industries
The good news is that the abundance in jobs is not limited to the IT/Telecom industry only. The ITeS/BPO industry has also reported an 18 per cent increase in job postings in September 2014. Hiring in high-volume sectors such as BFSI, retail, healthcare/pharmaceutical/biotechnology is on a revival mode. Post the announcement of Prime Minister Modi's 'Make in India' campaign, hiring has stabilised in manufacturing driven sectors such as manufacturing/engineering, automobiles/auto components, consumer durables/FMCG and projects/infrastructure in September 2014 over August 2014.
According to TimesJobs.com RecruiteX, employers are actively looking for Research and Development professionals as they witnessed a 27 per cent growth in jobs in September 2014. A strong demand pattern is also observed for HR/Training and Administrative profiles. Customer-centric profiles such as customer/service and marketing & advertising are also in demand.
Delhi Tops Recruitment Charts
Among the top metros, Delhi NCR is leading the recruitment charts with a 21 per cent increase in job postings followed by Bangalore. In tier I locations, Hyderabad reported a double-digit growth in demand.
Mid-level hiring, professionals with 5-10 years experience, was upbeat in September 2014. The demand for over 20 years experience and 2-5 years experience reported a 10 and 12 per cent growth, respectively.
Considering the current pattern, it seems the Indian job market will stabilise in the coming months as the major sectors are on a revival mode and stabilising hiring activity across core and support functions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Then and now: The Thackeray cousins on Narendra ModiThen and now: The Thackeray cousins on Narendra Modi
Express News Service | New Delhi |       October 8, 2014 1:20 pm
Comments
The tactical shift within Shiv Sena and MNS aims to send a message to the cadre that their political survival in the state may be under threat because of the likely high tide of a Modi wave.
Until the BJP and the Shiv Sena snapped ties on September 25, the only political line that united the Thackeray cousins was their admiration for Narendra Modi. Modi continues to unite them even now — but as a mutual rival.
Raj Thackeray – APRIL 20 
““I was the first one to say that Modi should become the PM. I said this in 2011 when I visited Gujarat and saw the work he had done. Even the BJP had not thought of him becoming the PM at that time”.
Raj Thackeray sitting at his party office.
 
Raj Thackeray – August 17
“People have elected him as Prime Minister…He should be given some time to show results”
RAJ NOW…October 7
‘Larger design’ for Mumbai
“Can you imagine a prime minister holding 23 rallies for the Maharashtra assembly polls?… There is a larger design behind this campaign… It is aimed at wielding control of the financial capital of India
Uddhav Thackeray - “April 17
“We need someone like Narendra Modi to save this country”
UDDHAV NOW…September 27
‘Like the army of Afzal Khan’
“They have seen the (Modi) wave in Lok Sabha elections… Now, the people of this state will show them what a wave means. We shall not rest till we install a Sena chief minister” September 27
Uddhav… October 7
“They get the Prime Minister to campaign for them and then the entire cabinet of the PM comes here to campaign for them. These people are like the army of Afzal Khan trying to conquer this state”

Amid bitter pay dispute Windies players turn up for first ODIAfter boycott threat over pay dispute Windies turn up for first ODI
PTI
print
After threatening to go on a strike ahead of the ODI series against India, the West Indies cricket team Wednesday came out to play the opening match in Kochi.
Windies skipper Dwayne Bravo though still insisted that the side reserves the right to take the "best course of action" over an "unresolved" pay dispute with the West Indies Cricket Board.
   
"After much consideration, the West Indies players have decided to participate in the 1st One Day International against India. This decision should not in any way be construed as an acceptance by the players of the unreasonable terms and conditions put forward to us by WICB nor is it an acceptance of the purported new Memorandum of Understanding," Bravo said in a letter to Players' Association chief Wavell Hinds.
    
"The players will not accept any agreement it has had no input in, did not give its consent to and which would infringe on its rights. We reserve all of our rights and intend to seek independent advice so as to establish the players best course of action," the letter, published by 'ESPNCricinfo', stated.
    
"...we wish to reiterate our position put forward to the WICB earlier, that we continue under the old structure until a new agreement is reached between the players and WICB. Neither the WICB nor the players would be in a disadvantageous position since this would have been mutually agreed by the parties. This we believe is a sensible and reasonable approach for all concerned."
    
Earlier, in an extraordinary turn of events, the team's tour of India was thrown into jeopardy after the aggrieved players threatened to go on strike over an acrimonious pay dispute with its parent body.
    
Barely a day before the series, the cricket team led by Dwayne Bravo shot off a letter to the West Indies Cricket Board and the Players Association, threatening to go on strike if the matter was not resolved.
    
The team had skipped the practice session on Tuesday, the pre-match press conference and the trophy unveiling ceremony as it held negotiations to diffuse the crisis after being handed contracts which would see their pay go down by approximately 75 per cent. The new contracts were given to the players after they reached India.
The players are also disgruntled with the West Indies Players Association president and chief executive Wavell Hinds for agreeing to the terms without consulting them.
    
According to reports, the players claimed Hinds "hoodwinked" them and did not take their inputs while signing a new MoU with West Indies Cricket Board last month, under which they would suffer a significant cut in their pay.
    
In a strongly-worded letter to WIPA and WICB, Bravo wrote: "We wish to make it very clear that should the players be forced to take matters into their our own hands, we will not hesitate to take the appropriate action as we see fit. We will hold you and the WIPA Board, who support this process, liable."
    
"The players are of the view that as a matter of principle, we should not accept these conditions whereby we are being asked to play a series against India without any certainty of what are our obligations and what we will be playing for."
    
"...the players here in India are under tremendous stress and the team morale is at an all-time low. We believe that this present WIPA Executive under your leadership has failed to properly represent the best interest of ALL the players," Bravo wrote.
    
"Many are questioning whether there is now some "special relationship" between the WICB and WIPA which may be good for some but has not taken into account the whole picture resulting in the what may be seen as embarrassing and demonising some players who represent the WI, yet signalling to public that this new purported agreement (MOU) is in the best interest of West Indies Cricket."   
"As indicated in our earlier correspondence the reduction is unacceptable and as one of our members put it 'it is ridiculously insane' when one considers the massive cuts based on the information we have received,"the letter said.

Sensex falls 84 points; heavy selling in IT countersSensex ends down 25 points in choppy trade; Infosys plunges 4.7%
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Flipkart  Big Billion Day  sale blunder: Nirmala Sitharaman says govt to put e-commerce retail business under scannerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sena s jibe at PM Modi: Can  56 inch chest  save IndiaSena, Cong attack Modi over border firing by Pak
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 08, 2014
First Published: 12:27 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:17 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
The Congress and the Shiv Sena used the border firing issue to attack Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday, saying he should focus on the country’s security with Pakistan pounding Indian posts along the border in Jammu over the past week.
 
An editorial in the Shiv Sena mouthpiece, Saamna, slammed Modi for spending time addressing election rallies across Maharashtra, saying Pakistan has been emboldened by the government's failure to take firm steps against the firing which has left eight civilians dead so far.
 
“Maharashtra politics can come later. The country’s security is important. Modiji, please stop tolerating the indiscretions of Pakistan,” said the Sena, an ally of the BJP for 25 years until they snapped ties last month over sharing of seats in the state assembly polls.
 
In an obvious jibe at Modi who often talked of his 56-inch chest at his election rallies, the Shiv Sena said you don’t need a “56-inch chest” to protect the interests of the nation.
Read: Why is PM soft on Pak, China, asks Rahul
 
“Whether a 56-inch chest can save the country or not is debatable. But if you have the will to protect your country, then anyone can do it,” said the editorial
 
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi also hit out at Modi, saying he had done nothing to stop the Pakistani shelling which has wounded more than 70 people and forced thousands to abandon their homes along the border.
 
“Before the Lok Sabha polls, Modi used to speak of adopting an aggressive approach towards China and Pakistan. Now, despite so many provocations, the PM is not doing anything for the last three months,” Gandhi said at his first campaign rally for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly elections at Mahad in Raigad district.
 
“When the Prime Minister was enjoying a swing with the Chinese President, thousands of their soldiers were occupying our land in Ladakh,” he said.
 
The shooting, which started more than a week ago, has seen some of the most intense violence between India and Pakistan in about a decade.
 
The firing has strained India-Pakistan relations which hit a low after New Delhi called off foreign secretary-level talks in August following the Pakistani high commissioner’s meeting with Kashmiri separatist leaders.
                                                                                                                      
This year has been particularly volatile along the border and the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir, which is due for assembly polls as Pakistan typically ratchets up border tensions every time the state holds elections.
With agency inputs

Anil Ambani joins Narendra Modi s Swachh Bharat campaign  invites Shekhar Gupta  Sania Mirza and other celebsAnil Ambani joins Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat campaign, invites Shekhar Gupta, Sania Mirza and other celebs
PTI | Mumbai | Updated:  Oct 08 2014, 14:50  IST
Oct 08 2014, 14:50  IST
 

Investors switch to OMCs as oil dips | 5 stocks to bet onOil stocks on fire; are they the best bet on Street as crude slips below $91?
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 05.07PM IST
(The oil marketing companies…)
MUMBAI: The oil marketing companies are in demand following a sharp correction in global crude oil prices. The Brent crude oil has plunged to a 27-month low on concerns of a slowdown in global economic growth and oil glut.
The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects the global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent.
Economic data from Europe and China are weak. The Energy Information Administration (EIA) has cuts monthly price forecast on increase in output and reduced demand. The US crude stocks are above 5-year average at 356.64 million barrels. The output from the US fields is at a 25-year high, say reports. According to analysts, the falling global crude oil prices are a boon for the oil marketing companies (OMCs) and the Indian economy.
The under-recoveries due to diesel subsidies are nil and if the crude oil prices continue to slip lower, the OMCs are expected to make some profits as well. Media reports suggest the government may deregulate diesel prices by the end of October
"With crude oil prices coming down, the subsidy becoming lower with multiple price rises and whatever the government plans to do augur well for oil marketing companies. Our analyst would recommend BPCL more than others for track record, efficiency and several other reasons," said Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL Group.
There are lots of expectations from the government on the oil & gas sector reforms. It is expected to soon take a decision on gas price hike as well. Analysts are of the view that oil marketing companies have already rallied on the hopes of diesel deregulation and decline in crude oil prices.
"Despite this reasonably sharp correction that we saw in the oil prices towards the later part of September, we did not see a similarly encouraging move on the oil marketing companies. It was because they had already run up reasonably well and that is all in the price," said Tushar Mahajan, Head of Derivatives (Head of Listed Futures & Options, India), Nomura, to ET Now.
"But going forward, the action on these stocks is probably going to be limited by the way oil prices are moving. If at all we begin to hear something around the diesel deregulation issue, is unsure. So, the market is probably now going to look at what the government does. It will look for clarity of these issues," he added. Analysts at Deutsche Bank are of the view that diesel subsidy elimination will be the first step in momentous oil & gas sector reforms that will eventually lead to fuel subsidy rationalization and kick-start investments in the sector.
"This will not only revive the sector, but also dramatically improve operating cash flow / RoEs," the report said.
"We see compelling shareholder value creation in ONGC, BPCL, Oil India and Reliance Ind over the next 3 years, driven by reforms and commissioning of new capacities," the report added.
At 02:10 pm, IOC was up 5.04 per cent, HPCL rallied 4.63 per cent, BPCL gained 3.31 per cent, ONGC was 1.86 per cent higher and Reliance advanced 1.40 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scientists find evidence of consciousness after deathScientists find evidence of consciousness after death
PTI  London, October 08, 2014
First Published: 14:29 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:47 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
Life after death? Awareness may continue even after the brain has shut down completely, according to the largest ever medical study into near-death and out-of-body experiences.
Scientists at the University of Southampton spent four years examining more than 2,000 people who suffered cardiac arrests at 15 hospitals in the UK, US and Austria.
Nearly 40% of people who survived described some kind of 'awareness' during the time when they were clinically dead before their hearts were restarted. One man even recalled leaving his body entirely and watching his resuscitation from the corner of the room, researchers said.
Despite being unconscious and 'dead' for three minutes, the 57-year-old social worker from Southampton, recounted the actions of the nursing staff in detail and described the sound of the machines, 'The Telegraph' reported. "We know the brain can't function when the heart has stopped beating," said Dr Sam Parnia, a former research fellow at Southampton University, now at the State University of New York, who led the study.
"But in this case, conscious awareness appears to have continued for up to three minutes into the period when the heart wasn't beating, even though the brain typically shuts down within 20-30 seconds after the heart has stopped. "The man described everything that had happened in the room, but importantly, he heard two bleeps from a machine that makes a noise at three minute intervals. So we could time how long the experienced lasted for.
"He seemed very credible and everything that he said had happened to him had actually happened," Parnia said. Of 2,060 cardiac arrest patients studied, 330 survived and 140 said they had experienced some kind of awareness while being resuscitated. One in five said they had felt an unusual sense of peacefulness while nearly one third said time had slowed down or speeded up.
Some recalled seeing a bright light; a golden flash or the Sun shining. Others recounted feelings of fear or drowning or being dragged through deep water. Parnia believes many more people may have experiences when they are close to death but drugs or sedatives used in the process of resuscitation may stop them remembering. The study was published in the journal Resuscitation.

2 more killed as Pakistan intensifies firing across borderComments
Two women of a family were killed and 15 others injured in heavy mortar shelling and firing by Pakistani troops on Wednesday along the international border in Jammu.
Villagers show mortar shell marks on a wall after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers at a residential area. (PTI Photo)
Pakistani Rangers targeted 50 border out posts (BoPs) and 35 hamlets overnight along the 192-km boundary. The escalation has triggered an exodus, with 16,000 people moving to safer areas from border villages.
 
Eight people have been killed so far and over 70 people injured in continuing ceasefire violations by Pakistan over a week.
  
Pakistani troops targeted Chillary village along the IB in Samba district around 7.30am .
In the mortar shelling, Shakuntla Devi and her daughter-in-law Poli Devi were killed while their husbands along with two children of Poli were injured, Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP), Samba, Anil Mangotra said.
   
All the inhabitants of the village with a population 1,700 have fled from border hamlet to safety.
 
Along the Line of Control (LoC), the firing stopped Tuesday night in Mendhar & Poonch sectors after Indian forces gave a befitting reply, defence officials said. 
 
An injured Indian boy is carried on a stretcher for treatment to the government medical college hospital, in Jammu. (AP photo)
Among the 15 injured today, three were BSF jawans. All of them have been shifted to Government Medical College (GMC) hospital, the SSP said.
  
Jorda Farm border hamlet was hit by shelling at 9am police officials said. Six persons were injured when they were returning after night stay in shelter camp in R S Pura. They were shifted to GMC hospital for treatment, they said.
 
Earlier, a BSF spokesperson said "Pakistani Rangers again resorted to unprovoked mortar shelling and heavy firing on BSF posts all along IB since 8pm last night."
As many as 50 BSF BoPs were affected by the fire from Pakistan side, he said, adding areas along IB in Arnia, R S Pura, Kanachak and Pargwal sub-sectors in Jammu and Samba districts were targeted.
  
Eight people have been killed and 71 others including BSF jawans injured in Pakistani shelling and firing along LoC and IB in Jammu and Poonch districts in over two dozen ceasefire violations since October 1 this year.
 

Expect price rise to compensate for losses: Jayshree Tea01:30 pm
With South India tea prices down 18 percent Y-o-Y and North India tea prices up Rs 20 a kilo Y-o-Y, blended tea prices have shot up by Rs 10 a kilo. In addition, shortage and drought situation in Assam has boosted demand, says DP Maheshwari, MD and CEO, Jayshree Tea .
As against the previous year, tea prices have risen by 7-8 percent, he says in an interview with CNBC-TV18's Reema Tendulkar and Nigel D’Souza.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Can you give us the picture about prices and how it was at the Kochi auction?
A: Kochi auction and south India as a whole the prices are down by almost Rs 15-17 a kilo. It works out to roughly 18 percent over last year prices by same time last year but as far as prices in north India is concerned they are slightly ahead of last year especially wherever the quality quotient is good, the prices are really good, up by almost Rs 20 a kilo.
Q: I believe the third flush currently would be on because that is the October-November period and in the third flush, we see that prices are lower than the first and the second flush sometimes. Could you clarify on that and also tell us how is the demand scenario looking like?
A: Demand is very robust. As you know, the production this year is behind ending July by around 10 million kilograms. In August and September whatever industry information I have north India will be slightly ahead of last year but south India will lose heavily. So, north India is behind by almost 22 million kilograms, from that it might make up something but south India which is ahead by 11 million kilogram will lose something and September has been good for north India but south India was not good.
So, I expect by September ending south India might be ahead by only around 5 million kilograms losing 6 million kilograms and north India will make up something. But the fact is that this year pooja has been very early and normally when pooja is early the season also closes early. So, I expect that this deficit of around 10 million will continue and that would mean that demand would be quite good and prices would remain firm with only one qualification that normally after pooja or post pooja there are some poor quality teas made. Whomever makes poor quality he will suffer quite a lot but whomever makes good quality the prices will be better.
As to your question about first flush, second flush, third flush whatever rain it is we call normally by this time prices come down but this year prices are quite sturdy I would say and now onwards I expect wherever the quality is good the prices will remain firm by as much as Rs 10 a kilo.
Q: South India prices are down, north India prices are good. So on a blended basis for Jayshree Tea can you tell us what the realisation will look like in Q2 and in Q3?
A: I can only tell you one thing, as on today my sale average for the company as a whole is ahead by Rs 10 a kilo over the last year and the fact remains that we make around 2 million kilograms in south India and balance 18-19 million kilograms in north India. North India also it is spread in all the producing areas like Darjeeling, Dooars, Terai, Cachhar, Upper Assam. So our production base is fairly well distributed and since north India prices are good especially where quality is good our prices are much better and company as a whole is ahead by Rs 10. I expect in the balance period I will gain further Rs 5 a kilo.
Jayshree Tea stock price
On November 24, 2014, Jayshree Tea and Industries closed at Rs 93.15, down Rs 0.4, or 0.43 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 114.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 77.30.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 136.84 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.68.
RELATED NEWS

Opposition  Sena crying because of public wave generated  says NarendraModiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressing an election rally in favour of BJP candidates in Rohtak, Haryana on Wednesday. (Source: PTI Photo )
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday said the opposition and former ally Shiv Sena, which had accused him of leaving work in Delhi and concentrating on election rallies, are “crying” because of the massive public wave he is generating.
He also attacked INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala for his reported remarks that he will run the Haryana government from inside the Tihar jail.
“During the Lok Sabha election campaign, I never saw people crying because I was addressing rallies. But now, I see people are crying that I am addressing rallies in Maharashtra and Haryana,” he told a public rally here.
He, however, did not name Shiv Sena which has questioned Modi’s logic of concentrating on Maharashtra politics when Pakistani forces are shelling Indian villages in Jammu and Kashmir.
Modi claimed that the worry for them is the massive public wave the rallies are generating. “The wave will not spare the Congress party,” he said.
Sena had on Tuesday said Modi is leaving his work in Delhi to hold rallies in Maharashtra and questioned the work done by him for the state after becoming the Prime Minister.
Sena also told its estranged ally BJP that frequent visits of the Prime Minister for campaigning was denting the state’s coffers.
NCP chief Sharad Pawar had also questioned Modi’s rallies in Maharashtra.
In an apparent reference to Chautala, Modi said those in jail move higher courts to prove innocence. “….He says he will remain in jail and lead the government from there,” he said.
He said Haryana has not seen people’s government in the past 25 years. “The government belogned to sons, nephews and sons-in-law….Like kings, they had distributed the state to their sons who often cribbed about lack of money in their districts. Then to please them they were given departments like the police,” he said.
The Prime Minister said if successive governments have not benefited the common man, what is their utility. “Is it meant to fill family coffers?” he queried.
He asked the electorate to give BJP a complete majority in the October 15 Assembly elections so that the youth can benefit and the state can progress.

Pawar bastion decks up forModiSpecial Protection Group and senior police personnel inspect the Baramati venue where Prime Minister Narendra Modi will attend a rally on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Pavan khengre)
Written by Ardhra Nair | Baramati | Posted: October 8, 2014 3:52 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 4:09 pm
From auto rickshaws blaring out announcements to intense preparations at the venue, the hype surrounding Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s rally on Thursday is written all over Baramati.
The Special Protection Group surveyed the area along with local police for about 12 hours on Monday. The Prime Minister will be arriving by air on Thursday to speak at the 10-acre grounds with a seating capacity of about 1.5 lakh people.  Additional superintendent of police (Baramati division) Ravindrasingh Pardeshi said, “We have been told that the candidates from nine nearby constituencies will be present for the rally. Local leaders will be present but we have not been told of any national leaders,” Modi is expected to come at 2pm for the hour-long rally.
The grounds will be covered under video camera surveillance. A parking space for over 4000 vehicles is also being readied.
Apart from SPG and local police, teams of ATS, Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad, sniffer dogs and central paramilitary forces will also be present as part of the security arrangments. About 1, 500 police officials will be guarding the venue.
Modi will be the first national leader of his stature to address voters at what is a bastion of the Pawar family. Pradipsinh Jadeja, Gujarat’s law and justice minister, was in Baramati to overlook preparations of the local BJP team. When asked if Modi can help the BJP win the Baramati seat, Jadeja said, “Modiji has proved himself in the Lok Sabha election and we are sure the BJP candidate will win from here this time.
More than the anti-Pawar wave, it is the Modi wave which will draw voters to elect a BJP candidate from this constituency. Since past 15 years this state has been ruled by corrupt leaders, and now is the time to save Maharashtra and Modi ji will save it,” added Jadeja. Balasaheb Gawde, the BJP candidate from Baramati said, “If Indira Gandhi can be defeated, then Pawar is nothing. I am sure this time, BJP will win every single seat and Modi wave will lead BJP to victory in Baramati and Maharashtra too. “

TV channel in TN hires transgender newsanchorPress Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: October 8, 2014 3:49 pm
A Coimbatore-based transgender has become a trailblazer for her community becoming the first TV transgender news anchor when she went ‘live’ on Independence day on a private Tamil satellite channel in Tamil Nadu.
Still reminiscing about the day when she read out her first bulletin on August 15, Padmini Prakash told PTI, “I will be completing two months in Lotus news channel on October 15.” It has been a hard grind for Padmini considering the fact she had to drop out after her first year in B.Com course some 15 years ago after her parents disowned her.
She wanted to study for IAS but could not because of the discrimination and stigma she experienced and economic conditions. But such setbacks only made her more determined to succeed, she said. “You see, I am a professional classical dancer, trained in Bharatanatyam,” she said.
Padmini realised very early on that the media was the best way to reach to wide sections of society and to create awareness about the problems of the transgenders, and is happy that she has landed a job as a news anchor. “It is because a transgender is reading the news that it is creating waves. So I feel more transgenders should come into the media to reach out to more sections of society.”
Padmini, who is in her thirties, participated in talk shows and some serials before she caught the attention of Coimbatore-based Lotus representatives who were scouting for a member of her community for their channel. In between, she took part in transgender beauty contests and won the Miss Tamil Nadu and Miss India titles in 2007 and 2009 respectively.
G K S Selvakumar, Chairman of Lotus news channel, said he wanted the transgender community to come up in society. “So we were scouting…and Rose Venkatesan, who is the first transgender TV show hostess, put us on to Padmini.”
“We were impressed by her fluency in Tamil and provided training for her for about two months,” he said. “Look in places like Mumbai, they are treated with respect and provided assistance. But there is so much of discrimination against the community in other places, so I
felt some opportunities should be given for them to come up in society,” he said.
“Now I am getting enquiries about Padmini from places like US, Germany and Australia.” Impressed by her diction and fluency in Tamil, the channel has entrusted her the task of reading the 7 PM special bulletin daily.

After #bendgate Apple iPhone 6 now hit by #hairgate onTwitterBearded iPhone users have jumped on the bandwagon complaining that their facial hair gets yanked during calls.
Reuters | Frankfurt | Posted: October 8, 2014 3:36 pm
Fresh from the online uproar over whether the shiny new iPhone 6 bends when carried around in pockets, Apple has been hit by a new complaint – that the handset traps users’ hair or beards when they make calls.
It is difficult to gauge whether there is any real issue, but Twitter users have made #hairgate a rising social media trend, leading major news outlets to pounce on the story.
“The seam on my iPhone 6 where the aluminum meets the glass is definitely catching my hair and pulling it out,” one user tweeted.
Bearded iPhone users have jumped on the bandwagon complaining that their facial hair gets yanked during calls, leading to spats over whether to treat #beardgate as a separate trend, or simply as a subset of #hairgate.
Apple was not immediately available to comment.
Jokers are having a field day, with the Twitter account of the Atlanta International Fashion Week speculating that it may be an elaborate plot against hipsters for whom facial hair has become de rigeur. Another user tweeted: “Congrats, Apple, for finally getting hipsters to shave.”
For some it is a heaven-sent marketing opportunity; Gillette Co. was quick to tweet: “Your phone may be smarter than ever, but leave the shaving to the experts.”
However, many iPhone 6 users were left to wonder what all the fuss was about.
“I have iPhone 6. Doesn’t bend and doesn’t snag hair. Who thinks up these things? Apple haters? Competitors?” tweeted Dr. John Wooten, a Virginia-based technical consultant.

Life after death Scientists findevidenceNearly 40 per cent of people who survived described some kind of 'awareness' during the time when they were clinically dead before their hearts were restarted. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: October 8, 2014 3:35 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 3:41 pm
Life after death? Awareness may continue even after the brain has shut down completely, according to the largest ever medical study into near-death and out-of-body experiences.
Scientists at the University of Southampton spent four years examining more than 2,000 people who suffered cardiac arrests at 15 hospitals in the UK, US and Austria.
Nearly 40 per cent of people who survived described some kind of ‘awareness’ during the time when they were clinically dead before their hearts were restarted.
One man even recalled leaving his body entirely and watching his resuscitation from the corner of the room, researchers said.
Despite being unconscious and ‘dead’ for three minutes, the 57-year-old social worker from Southampton, recounted the actions of the nursing staff in detail and described the sound of the machines, ‘The Telegraph’ reported.
“We know the brain can’t function when the heart has stopped beating,” said Dr Sam Parnia, a former research fellow at Southampton University, now at the State University of New York, who led the study.
“But in this case, conscious awareness appears to have continued for up to three minutes into the period when the heart wasn’t beating, even though the brain typically shuts down within 20-30 seconds after the heart has stopped.
“The man described everything that had happened in the room, but importantly, he heard two bleeps from a machine that makes a noise at three minute intervals. So we could time how long the experienced lasted for.
“He seemed very credible and everything that he said had happened to him had actually happened,” Parnia said.
Of 2,060 cardiac arrest patients studied, 330 survived and 140 said they had experienced some kind of awareness while being resuscitated.
One in five said they had felt an unusual sense of peacefulness while nearly one third said time had slowed down or speeded up.
Some recalled seeing a bright light; a golden flash or the Sun shining. Others recounted feelings of fear or drowning or being dragged through deep water.
Parnia believes many more people may have experiences when they are close to death but drugs or sedatives used in the process of resuscitation may stop them remembering.
The study was published in the journal Resuscitation.

Jodie Foster Sells Long-Time Hollywood Hills Home
Ramco Systems: Updates on orders bag by companyOct 08, 2014, 04.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ramco Systems bags orders
Ramco Systems Ltd has informed BSE about the securing of significant orders.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ramco Systems bags orders
Ramco Systems Ltd has informed BSE about the securing of significant orders.
Post your opinion here
 
Ramco Systems Ltd has informed BSE about the securing of following significant orders:"1. The Company had bagged an order, for providing Ramco’s Aviation solution and related services, from a leading provider of aerial services headquartered in the UK, for an order value of above USD 3 million for a period of five years.2. Our subsidiary, Ramco Systems Corporation, USA, had secured an order, for providing Ramco’s Aviation Solution and HCM and related services, from a leading provider of aviation solutions in the USA for Government & commercial enterprises globally, for an order value of above USD 1 million for a period of about five years.3. Our subsidiary, Ramco Systems LLC, Dubai, had got an order from a Fortune 500 company in Dubai, for managing the payroll services for their employees spread across ten countries in the Middle East Region, for an order value of about USD 0.40 million for a period of three years."Source : BSE

DigitSecure launches money transfer facility on FacebookDigitSecure launches money transfer facility for Facebook users
G Naga Sridhar
Business Line Hot Remit: A Krishnaprasad, Chairman, DigitSecure, demonstrating an online and mobile e-Wallet platform in Hyderabad on Wednesday -- Photo: P. V. Sivakumar
Hyderabad, Oct 8:  
City-based payment solutions provider, DigitSecure, has launched online and mobile social wallet platform for money transfer and payments service
The e-Wallet service, HotRemit, would facilitate money transfers between Facebook and Black Berry mobile users on a real-time basis in a secured manner, Krishna Prasad, Chairman, DigitSecure told newspersons here on Wednesday.
``Our platform also enables small and medium businesses to engage socially with their customers and to receive payments,’’ he said. The service which is being offered free for now, would require registration from the users.
For example, a Facebook user can register instantly with simple details to make a money transfer or any other payment. The receiver should also have a registration and money would be transferred instantly to the intended accounted, he added.
They need to login or download anything while on the Facebook.
DigitSecure was one of firms which were authorised by the Reserve Bank of India and also had required certifications for secure credit, debit card processing, Prasad said.
HotRemit would be also launched shortly across all mobile platforms and also for mobile browser access, which would enable small and medium businesses engage socially with their customers and increase business by simplifying payments.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Exim Bank extends $7.76 mn line of credit to Cuban BankExim Bank extends $7.76 mn line of credit to Cuban Bank
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 8:  
Export-Import Bank of India has, at the behest of the Government of India, extended two additional Lines of Credit [LOCs] to Banco Exterior De Cuba, Cuba aggregating $7.76 million.
While one LOC (for $2.71 million) is for financing the setting up of a bulk blending fertilizer plant, the other (for $5.05 million) is for financing the modernisation of an injectable products plant.
With the signing of the above two LOC Agreements, Exim Bank, till date, has extended three Lines of Credit to Cuba, at the behest of the Government of India, taking the total value of LOCs extended to $12.76 million.
Under the LOC, Exim Bank will reimburse 100 per cent of contract value to the Indian exporters, upfront upon shipment of goods. The LOC will be used for sourcing of goods and services from India.
The main items that India exports to Cuba are pharmaceuticals, fine chemicals, vehicles other than railway or tramway, organic chemicals, rubber manufactured products, and plastic products. The main items that India imports from Cuba are vegetables, fruits, nuts and their preparations, pharmaceutical products, leather, raw hides and skin.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Oilmeal exports plunge 73% in SeptOilmeal exports plunge 73% in Sept
Suresh P Iyengar
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 8:  
Oilmeal exports plunged 73 per cent in September to 82,749 tonnes against 301,717 tonnes registered in the same period last year. This was largely due to high soybean prices leading to lower crushing and lesser soybean meal export.
Soyabean meal shipments were down 68 per cent last month to 868 tonnes against 2,778 tonnes in August while that of rapeseed meal dipped 80 per cent to 58,567 tonnes.
Though export of rapeseed meal increased to 572,352 from 417,668 tonnes in last six months, it could not make up for the sharp fall in supply of soybean meal.
Soymeal prices down at $569 (Rs 35,278) a tonne against $616 (Rs 38,192) a tonne in August. Rapeseed meal was up at $237 a tonne ($229 a tonne).
In the first six months of the fiscal, oilmeal exports were down 43 per cent to 950,599 tonnes against 1,657,697 tonnes in the same period last year, according to the data released by the Solvent Extractors’ Association of India.
In last two quarters, oilmeal export to South Korea was down at 464,555 tonnes (518,178 tonnes) consisting 258,729 tonnes of rapeseed meal, 204,082 tonnes of castor meal and 1,744 tonnes of soybean meal.
Iran imports were lower at 142,357 tonnes (571,171 tonnes) and it includes 35,500 tonnes of soybean meal and 106,857 tonnes of rapeseed meal.
Thailand imported 91,602 tonnes of rapeseed meal and 2,407 tonnes of soybean meal. Vietnam and Taiwan imported 70,051 tonnes (72,622 tonnes) and 39,528 tonnes (45,817 tonnes), respectively.
Export from Kandla accounted for 75 per cent of total shipments at 714,246 tonnes, followed by Mumbai which handled 108,814 tonnes (11 per cent) and Bedi handling 32,197 tonnes (three per cent). Mundra and Kolkata handled 53,747 tonnes (6 per cent) and 41,331 tonnes (4 per cent).
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

B-schools re-examine courses to meet industry demandStory
Turning the page
Employers from new sectors and their demands are forcing b-schools to re-examine their courses and teaching methods.
E Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma Delhi   Edition: Oct 26, 2014
Assessing business models: Prof S. Raghunath (R) taking a class at the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore : Photo: Nilotpal Baruah
Siddharth Arora is required to play cards at work. No, he is not a punter. The 27-year-old, a computer engineer from Purdue University in the US and an MBA from the Indian School of Business (ISB), is a product manager at Rummycircle.com, an online 24x7 game company. The venture is focused on the cards game Rummy. Arora tracks every new user logging onto the website. His job is to enhance the user experience and make the website easily navigable. Those playing with cash (you can opt to not play for cash) have to deposit a minimum amount of Rs 25 - Rummycircle.com gets a small (undisclosed) percentage of this entry fee as revenues.
Arora's example highlights how new avenues are opening up for B-school graduates in e-commerce. Consider Flipkart, the largest e-commerce company in India. It plans to almost double its headcount - from 13,000 to 25,000 - by the middle of 2015. "As business scales up, it is only natural that we will look at expanding our talent pool to support this growth. Our focus on hiring is going to be pretty aggressive in the next few months," says a Flipkart spokesperson.
'... Now, new ideas are based on data rather than gut feeling,' says Siddharth Arora, Product Manager, Rummycircle.com. Photo: Rachit Goswami
In 2014, the company has hired close to 50 fresh graduates from the IIMs and other top B-schools . "We will be hiring across levels and functions, with senior leadership and technology hiring being our priority," says the Flipkart spokesperson.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best B-Schools 2014
Indeed, there are growing opportunities for B-school graduates in the e-commerce sector. While many MBAs get drawn to leading players like Flipkart, others opt for start-ups and relatively smaller firms. But this development comes at a time when data analytics - the discovery and communication of meaningful pattern in data - is changing the e-commerce landscape.
"About eight to 10 years ago, the focus was on pure innovation and there were not many benchmarks and not much competition. Now, new ideas are based on data rather than on gut feeling, like the history of every online participant and whatever the user does on site. This data is sliced and diced," says Arora of Rummycircle.com.
This has forced leading B-schools in the country to make changes in their curriculum to suit the evolving needs of the e-commerce industry. "In the last three to four years, this trend towards use of data analytics has started. In this timeframe we have introduced more courses on data mining and business intelligence and on forecasting at the ISB. These courses enable students to learn things like prediction," says Professor Amit Mehra, Associate Professor and Joint Executive Director, Srini Raju Centre for IT and the Networked Economy at the ISB. He teaches an elective called Leveraging Web 2.0 along with Professor Anindya Ghosh of New York University's Stern School of Business.
"Here we marry e-commerce and analytics. We look at the kind of data that can be collected from the e-commerce domain and then in the class we discuss the analysis of that data and insights that come from it," he says. The pedagogical tools include using data analytics software within the classroom. In the last two years, those opting for this elective at the ISB has more than doubled. What is more, Mehra says such electives did not exist three to four years ago.
Earlier, the emphasis in B-schools was on understanding various e-business models and the value proposition offered by e-commerce companies. Today, the pedagogy has a sharper agenda. "In the course, students work in teams on developing e-commerce or e-business plans and some of them have done field studies on such firms and for their own start up initiatives involving data analytics," says S. Raghunath, Dean (Administration) and Professor of corporate strategy and policy at the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore.
"The primary pedagogy has been case studies of businesses that have succeeded and failed but the elements now being looked at more closely are questions of scalability, asking if all e-business firms should really be getting big fast. There is more focus on better appraisal of business models."
Perhaps the best placed to reflect on the surge in popularity of data analytics modules in B-schools is Galit Shmueli, an Israeli-American professor of statistics, data analytics and information systems. She began teaching the subject in the US in 2004 even before it became an industry buzzword. Shmueli has been teaching at the ISB since 2011. In October, she will head for Taiwan where she is a distinguished professor at the Institute of Service Science, College of Technology Management at the National Tsing Hua University. "Today, we offer new electives and workshops (at the ISB), say on visualisation of large data sets or get some experts to talk." The demand today is not just from the students but also from the alumni who earlier were not able to take these courses.
 NEW TOOLS, NEW INSIGHTS
 Primary pedagogy is still done through case studies but focuses on fresh examples, new data
  Shift from data reporting and presentation to analysis
  Partnerships with start-ups preferred for data and analysis
  Focus on flipped classrooms where teachers offer more personalised guidance to students
  More students-teacher online discussions before the class
In 2012, Shmueli added a big online component to her business analytics course and opened it up for free for the entire ISB alumni. And since then 500 to 600 alumni have enrolled for the course every year. Her regular classes on the two ISB campuses (Hyderabad and Mohali) are also much in demand. "Three years back we had about 30 students in the data mining and business analytics course. In the following year it nearly doubled to about 55. In 2013, we had to open two sections and it was full and now we have 160 to 170 students taking the course in the two campuses," she says.
Shmueli has also been experimenting with new pedagogical tools. "I moved to flipped classrooms where the students first hear lectures and watch videos before attending the class. This results in a higher level of discussions in the class," she says. Going forward, she feels, these courses will have to be a part of the core management programmes, not remain electives. "Everyone will need to learn this whether they like it or not," sums up Shmueli.

Express recipe: How to make KakrarBhajaKakrar Bhaja
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 4:06 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 4:11 pm
A popular Bengali recipe, Kakrar Bhaja is super-easy to make. So, if you are craving for a crab, here’s what you need to do.
Kakrar Bhaja

Revival mode: Hiring records 14% growth in S...You are here: Home > Collections
Hiring records 14% growth in September; jobs galore across sectors
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 03.10PM IST
(The hiring pattern is strong…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian job market registered 14 per cent growth during September as major sectors are on a revival mode and hiring activities have picked up across the board, says a report.
TimesJobs.com's employment index -- The RecruiteX -- recorded 14 per cent increase in September 2014 over August 2014 with the IT/Telecom industry witnessing a 20 per cent increase in employment opportunities in just one month.
"Considering the current pattern, it seems the Indian job market will stabilise in the coming months as the major sectors are on a revival mode and hiring activity picks up across core and support functions," TimesJobs.com COO Vivek Madhukar said.
Though the hiring pattern is strong across all levels in the IT/Telecom industry, the time is best for senior IT professionals to look for a job.
Job opportunities have doubled for senior IT professionals with over 20 years' experience, with a 67 per cent increase from January to September 2014 period.
As per TimesJobs.com data, software engineers, application programmers, database administrators, graphic designers/animators/web designers and project leaders/project managers are the hottest jobs in the IT industry, currently.
Meanwhile, the abundance of jobs is not limited to the IT/Telecom sector, the ITeS/BPO industry has also reported an 18 per cent increase in job postings in September 2014.
Moreover, hiring in high-volume sectors such as BFSI, retail, healthcare/pharmaceutical/biotechnology is also on a revival mode.
Among the top metros, Delhi NCR is leading recruitment charts with a 21 per cent increase in job postings, followed by Bangalore. In tier I locations, Hyderabad reported a double-digit growth in demand.
Mid-level hiring (of professionals with 5-10 years experience) was upbeat in September 2014. The demand for over 20 years and 2-5 years experience reported a 10 and 12 per cent growth, respectively, the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US$INR likely to trade positive; target of 63: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
US$INR likely to trade positive; target of 63: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com has come out with its positional recommendations on US$INR. The pair is likely to trade with positive bias for target of 63 with support seen at 60-60.5, says the report.
Post your opinion here
 
ICICIdirect.com's report on rupee
Recent strengthening of US dollar and cautious stance taken by FIIs over emerging market investments has forced EM currencies to weaken in September. After August month’s consolidation, US$INR seemed to have formed base near 60 levels and has witnessed noticeable short covering bounce in the last couple of weeks. Oct series options build up also suggest that pair is likely find support near 60.0-60.5 levels. Also key 50, 100 & 200 DMAs are placed in the range of 60.35-61. In the month of September, we also observed some spurt in 1M & 3M NDF premiums over INR spot which indicates towards short term weakness in INR. Hence, we recommend going long on US$INR on declines.
Sell JPYINR October future in the range of 58.50-58.80, Target 1: 57.25, Target 2: 55.00. Stop loss: 59.8
Rationale: In the month of September, dollar index moved up significantly to 86.7 levels indicating strengthening of US Dollar. As a result we observed depreciating moves among almost all developed countries’ currencies including Japanese Yen, where US$JPY broke its immediate hurdle of 104-105.5 and headed towards August 2008 highs of 111. This has attracted fresh shorts in JPYINR pushing it towards 15 month low of 55.6. US$JPY may see some breather near historical hurdle of 111-112.5. Though, until US$ remain in strength, we believe JPYINR is likely to trade under pressure.
Positional Recommendations -
Buy US$INR: Long US$INR October future in the range of 60.80-61.10. Target 1: 62.30, Target 2: 63.15, Stop loss: 59.90
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Firstobject Technologies appoints J. R. Urnikala as compliance officerOct 08, 2014, 04.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Firstobject Technologies appoints J. R. Urnikala as compliance officer
Firstobject Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has appointed Mr. J. R. Urnikala as the Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from October 09, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Firstobject Technologies appoints J. R. Urnikala as compliance officer
Firstobject Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has appointed Mr. J. R. Urnikala as the Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from October 09, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Firstobject Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has appointed Mr. J. R. Urnikala as the Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from October 09, 2014.The Company has accepted the resignation of Ms. Jini Joy, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer with effect from end of the working day of October 08, 2014.Source : BSE

MCX Silvermic February contract gainsOct 08, 2014, 04.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MCX Silvermic February contract gains
Silvermic prices on MCX gained on Wednesday. MCX Silvermic February contract was trading at Rs 39396 up Rs 351, or 0.90 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX Silvermic February contract gains
Silvermic prices on MCX gained on Wednesday. MCX Silvermic February contract was trading at Rs 39396 up Rs 351, or 0.90 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
At 15:45 hrs MCX SILVERMIC November contract was trading at Rs 38739 up Rs 340, or 0.89 percent. The SILVERMIC rate touched an intraday high of Rs 38897 and an intraday low of Rs 38334. So far 31135 contracts have been traded. SILVERMIC prices have moved down Rs 5261, or 11.96 percent in the November series so far.
MCX SILVERMIC February contract was trading at Rs 39396 up Rs 351, or 0.90 percent. The SILVERMIC rate touched an intraday high of Rs 39537 and an intraday low of Rs 39053. So far 1390 contracts have been traded. SILVERMIC prices have moved up Rs 451, or 1.16 percent in the February series so far.
RELATED NEWS

Check out the blood moon
Outcome of board meeting of SI. VI. Shipping CorporationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Jet Airways  EGM on November 01  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex ends in red on weak global cues; tech  pharma downThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri to hold board meetingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Govt to look into shut down of Nokia s Chennai plantThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GOOD NEWS! It s pouring jobs across sectorsHi Guest
GOOD NEWS! It's pouring jobs across sectors
The Indian job market registered 14 per cent growth during September as major sectors are on a revival mode and hiring activities have picked up across the board, says a report. TimesJobs.com's employment index -- The RecruiteX -- recorded 14 per cent increase in September 2014 over August 2014 with the IT/Telecom industry witnessing a 20 per cent increase in employment opportunities in just one month. "Considering the current pattern, it seems the Indian job market will stabilise in the coming ...

Modi versus Maharashtra s  Gang Of FourThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Buy Cairn India on declines  says Phani SekharLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Cairn India on declines, says Phani Sekhar
P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager—PMS at Angel Broking recommends buying Cairn India on declines.
Post your opinion here
02:30 pm
P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager—PMS at Angel Broking told CNBC-TV18, "I would expect much more pressure in  Cairn India . Just considering the fact that crude seems to be in a downtrend it would be a good idea to look at Cairn on declines. The good news as far as Cairn India is concerned is that the production in all its blocks are increasing and you expect to see at least 15-20 percent increase in what they produce over the next 18 months."
"They are stumbling upon newer reserves and that is another thing which is important for a natural resources company. So, one should take advantage as a longer term investor of declining crude and buy Cairn on declines so that over a period of next one and half to two
years this is a stock that can give you 50 percent return," he said.
RELATED NEWS

This go to 8 rs in near termCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yes sir so how many days/weeks/ months do i need to wait to get a gree...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

This is sms scam scrip buying strictly avoid target for this scrip is...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

You are not aware of the facts about gujarat liquor is awailable...Modi did`nt ban liquor
HE WAS`NT BORN AT THAT TIME
Gujarat is one of the five states declared “dry” by the government. It has a law in force that prohibits the manufacture, sale and consumption of alcohol within the state boundaries. The Bombay Prohibition Act was the law that enforced this ban in the year 1949, shortly after the demise of the “Father of the Nation”, Mahatma. The fact that it came into force during this period of national sorrow, and is so intricately associated with the Mahatma is the reason why it continues to be such a sensitive issue.
4.26 PM Oct 8th

Jayalalithaa bail plea hearing: As it happened6.10 pm Jayalalithaa to move Supreme Court on Wednesday for bail. Read more
6. 02 pm Panneerselvam appeals to TN people to eschew protest. Read more
4:36 pm Jayalalithaa's lawyer says he will appeal to Supreme Court
4:33 pm Corruption amounts to violation of human rights; leads to economic imbalance, says the judge
4:32 pm No ground for bail to Ms. Jayalalithaa, says Justice A.V. Chandrashekhar - PTI
4:19 pm The Karnataka High Court on Tuesday refused to suspend sentence imposed on AIADMK Chief Jayalalithaa and her three aides in the disproportionate assets case and refused their release on bail.
Justice A V Chandrashekar passed the interim orders rejecting pleas of all the four convicts for suspending the sentence imposed on them till their appeal against conviction are decided by the High Court.
The High Court also refused to release them on bail.
4:05 pm Karnataka High court refuses to suspend sentence of Jayalalithaa. High court refuses to release her on bail.
3:43 pm Party cadres celebrate Ms. Jayalalithaa's bail by bursting fireworks and distributing sweets outside AIADMK's headquarters in Chennai.
3:41 pm Jubliant AIADMK workers burst crackers outside Ms. Jayalalithaa's Poes Garden residence in Chennai, upon hearing the news.
3:40 pm After 11 days, will the AIADMK party chief be released from the prison?
3:39 pm Co-convicts Sasikala, Ilavarasi and Sudhakaran have also been granted conditional bail, sources say.
3:22 pm Judge commences dictating order.
3:20 pm SPP G. Bhavani Singh says he has no objection to grant conditional bail to convicts.
3:08 pm Arguments on behalf of all convicts conclude.
3:06 pm Ilavarasi's advocate questions the legality of abetment charge and sentence imposed while convicting her in the case.
2:54 pm Now, advocate of Ilavarasi commences his arguments.
2:53 pm Senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani wants to clarify some aspects of expenditure on Sudhakaran's wedding. Bride's side bore some expenses of the wedding, he says.
2:46 pm Hearing resumes.
2:38 pm Meanwhile, a wall poster put out by allegedly by an AIADMK party man here threatening Kannadigas living in Tamil Nadu if the convicted party chief Jayalalithaa was not released from jail, created a flutter and the party sought to distance from the row. Full story
2:36 pm The stage artists association members formed a human chain in Chennai. Artists who worked in the make up team of the late chief minister and AIADMK founder MG Ramachandran lined up streets holding placards seeking her release.
All faith prayers seeking her early release are also being held across Tamil Nadu.
1.28 pm: Arguments remain inconclusive. Advocate for co-accused Ilavarasi is yet to commence his arguments. Court will resume hearing at 2.30 pm. after lunch break .
1:18 pm Arguments on behalf of Ms. Sasikala and Mr. Sudhakaran have been completed.
1:00 pm Posters put up by supporters seeking Jayalalithaa's release have unraveled a new facet of Tamil Nadu politics. Slideshow
12:49 pm Advocate of Ms. Sasikala and Mr. Sudhakaran contends that there is absolutely no witness to establish that Ms. Sasikala is a benami of Ms. Jayalalithaa.
12:36 pm Mr. Jethmalani has concluded his arguments. Now Ms. Sasikala and Mr. Sudhakaran's advocate begins his argument.
12:17 pm Meanwhile, fasts, protests and special prayers for the early release of AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa continued across Tamil Nadu Slideshow
12:14 pm Refuting Mr. Singh's argument, Mr. Jethmalani says, Ms. Jayalalithaa is a law abiding citizen and will not abscond from the country.
12:10 pm Special Public Prosecutor G. Bhavani Singh had argued that Ms. Jayalalithaa being an influential person in Tamil Nadu, if granted bail, she may try to escape from conviction or abscond from the country.
12:02 pm Lawyers and police personnel seen outside the Karnataka High Court in Bangalore on Tuesday. Photo: Krishnaprasad
The HinduLawyers and police personnel seen outside the Karnataka High Court in Bangalore on Tuesday. Photo: Krishnaprasad
12:01 pm Ms. Jayalalithaa is 66 years-old, a diabetic and is suffering from blood pressure and heart-related ailments, says her lawyer.
11:59 am Mr. Jethmalani points out that former Bihar CM Lalu Prasad Yadav was too released on bail by Supreme Court after he was convicted in fodder scam.
11:58 am Argument was halted for a while due to noise outside court hall, now resumed.
11:57 am Ms. Jayalalithaa had not indulged in any acts that warranted cancellation of her bail during pendency of trial, Mr. Jethmalani says.
11:56 am Senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani argues that Ms. Jayalalithaa is entitled for bail during pendency of appeal against conviction as per verdicts of Supreme Court on the subject of grant of bail after conviction.
11:55 am Hearing on Ms. Jayalalithaa's appeal against her conviction in DA case commences in Karnataka High Court.
11:39 am When the bail plea was taken up for hearing on October 1, the Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC), Chennai, filed its objections against the suspension of the sentence imposed on Ms. Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case and her release on bail.
11:34 am BJP leader Subramanian Swamy has urged the Public Prosecutor in the disproportionate assets case against former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa to vigorously oppose the bail applications of the convicted persons fixed for hearing today. Full story
11:29 am While the ruling AIADMK partymen are keenly awaiting the release of their party supremo Jayalalithaa from Bangalore central prison, people are quite anxious to know the efficacy of the new administration. Full story
11:06 am AIADMK cadres are opptimistic about Ms. Jayalalithaa's release. Posters have already come up in several parts of the state "welcoming" her. Here is a poster from Madurai.
The caption in the photo, written in Tamil, vaguely compares the party supremo to a lion. Photo: S. James
10:57 am The Karnataka High Court has refused to hear the bail plea of Ms. Jayalalithaa as the first case of the day. It will be heard as the 73rd case.
10:50 am The women’s wing of the AIADMK has conducted a special ‘yagam’ at Meenakshi Sundareswarar Temple in Madurai for early release of Ms. Jayalalithaa from Bangalore prison. Full story
10:45 am Avvai Shanmugam Salai in Chennai, where the AIADMK headquarters is located, appears calm. Anxious cadres hope their "Amma" will get bail today. Full story
The HinduKarnataka High Court will hear Jayalalithaa’s bail plea on Tuesday. Photo shows AIADMK headquarters at Avvai Shanmugam Salai in Chennai on Tuesday. Photo: G. Ramesh
10:32 am Jayalalithaa Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa was allotted the VVIP Cell number 23 in the Central Prison at Parappana Agrahara. Full story
10:29 am Jayalalithaa’s DA case: chronology of events
10: 27 am On September 29, Ms. Jayalalithaa appealed against Special Court's conviction order. Her advocates filed the appeal, with a plea seeking suspension of sentence. Senior Supreme Court advocate Ram Jethmalani will represent Jayalalithaa with the defence team.
10:25 am In depth: Jayalalithaa wealth case verdict
10:22 am Anticipating a large number of AIADMK cadre flocking to the garden city, the Bangalore Police imposed prohibitory orders under Section 144 in a one km radius around the Karnataka High Court and around the Parappana Agrahara Central Prison. Full story
10:20 am The Hindu's K. Venkataraman answered users' questions regarding the various legal ramifications following the September 27 verdict. Read here
10:15 am “Madam (Jayalalithaa) is getting no VIP treatment. She is being treated as any other prisoner at Parapanna Agrahara,” DIG Prisons P.M. Jaisimha said. Full story
10:10 am Following her sentencing in the disproportionate assets case Jayalalithaa complained of dizziness. The judge then summoned the prison doctor. Further treatment could be decided by the prison authorities. She was subsequently lodged at the Parapanna Agrahara Central prison.
10:05 am On September 27, 2014 All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam supremo Jayalalithaa was sentenced to four years’ simple imprisonment and a Rs. 100-crore fine was imposed on her for offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act. Her co-accused — Sasikala Natarajan, V. Sudhakaran and J. Elavarasi — were sentenced to four years’ imprisonment with a fine of Rs. 10 crore each.
10:00 am Fasts, protests and special prayers for the early release of AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa continued across Tamil Nadu even as the stage has been set for the hearing of her bail plea in the assets case in the Karnataka High Court on Tuesday. Full story
(With inputs from Krishnaprasad)

Gay marriage reality sets inBy Jennifer Rubin October 7 Follow @JRubinBlogger
The difference between a governor in a purple state in a close reelection race and a freshman senator from a deep red state can be summed up by this Associated Press report:
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker speaks at the Republican National Committee summer meetings in Chicago in August. (AP Photo/Kamil Krzaczynski)
“For us, it’s over in Wisconsin,” said Republican Gov. Scott Walker, whose state’s appeal was among those the court declined with a two-word order, “certiorari denied” — meaning the lower court’s ruling stands.
Walker is seeking re-election in November and is expected to run for president in 2016 if he prevails.
“To me, I’d rather be talking in the future now more about our jobs plan and our plan for the future of the state,” Walker said. “I think that’s what matters to the kids. It’s not this issue.”
But for Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, the move by the high court was a rallying cry. The favorite of religious conservatives vowed to introduce a constitutional amendment designed to prevent “the federal government or the courts from attacking or striking down state marriage laws.”
Walker is slightly off in one respect — it is over in 30 states, where the ruling has allowed decisions striking down bans on gay marriage or where gay marriage was already legal. But Walker is correct legally and politically. In his state, as in most of America, the ship has sailed.
Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus has it right as well, observing, “For the fall, I think . . . it’s about the economy; it’s about ObamaCare; it’s about what plans Republicans are gonna put forward to get our spending under control and do something in Washington, and it’s about governors’ races and about how to get state budgets under control and get people back to work.” It is hard to disagree with his assessment that gay marriage is simply not a “top-tier issue for the midterms.”
In reality, public opinion is not shifting back and there is zero possibility there will be a constitutional amendment on the issue. It boils down to a clump of states that presumably want the right to ban gay marriage. Or maybe not. Even there the ground is shifting : “Gay marriage has traditionally met its staunchest opposition in the South, but even those statistics are changing. In September, one poll from AP-GfK found 34 percent of Southerners favored the legalization of same-sex marriage. The year before, that same poll reported only 28 percent in the South said similarly, AP reported.” The Post’s Dale Carpenter summarizes where we stand:
The short-term result of the Supreme Court’s rejection of seven petitions for certiorari is that same-sex marriage will be available in eleven more states. This includes the five states whose marriage laws were directly struck down by their governing circuit courts (Indiana, Oklahoma, Utah, Virginia, and Wisconsin) and, perhaps less quickly, the six other states in those same circuits (Colorado, Kansas, North Carolina, South Carolina, West Virginia, and Wyoming). On that latter list, Colorado’s attorney general has already joined plaintiffs’ motion to lift the stay. Overall, marriage will be available to gay couples in 30 states covering more than 60% of the U.S. population. This includes almost two-thirds of the same-sex couples in the country.
Advocates can make their arguments to the remaining circuit courts and perhaps to the Supreme Court if it ever weighs in. But no senator or governor is going to have much to do with the outcome. The other Republican to weigh in yesterday, Sen. Mike Lee of Utah, seemed to recognize this, although expressing his disappointment in the ruling. (“Whether to change that definition [of marriage] is a decision best left to the people of each state — not to unelected, politically unaccountable judges. The Supreme Court owes it to the people of those states, whose democratic choices are being invalidated, to review the question soon and reaffirm that states do have that right.”)  That’s certainly a defensible legal position that does not envision some quixotic campaign to lock courts out of the issue.
Frankly, after a few years when gay marriage has not “destroyed” heterosexual marriage in the many states that allow it, people will have a hard time remembering why this was such a big deal. In the meantime, rather than decrying what they cannot change, Republicans would be wise to follow Walker’s lead and address issues over which they do have control.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

India strikes 37 Pak posts in retaliation  15 killedEYE BROWSE
India strikes 37 Pakistani posts, 15 killed
The retaliation of the Indian army comes after the unprovoked firing by Pakistan Rangers that began on October 1.
Yahoo India –  Wed 8 Oct, 2014
Print
JAMMU: The Indian army on Tuesday retaliated in a 'massive' way on Tuesday to the unprovoked firing by Pakistan Rangers that began on October 1, Hindustan Times reports.
According to the report, 37 Pakistani border posts were targeted that resulted in 15 deaths and 30 injuries across the Line of Control in Pakistan.
Indian and Pakistani troops clashed again Tuesday along the Line of Control (LoC) in Jammu and Kashmir, sparking fear at the border and forcing thousands to flee to safer places.
Defence ministry spokesman Colonel Manish Mehta told IANS that the Pakistan Army used small arms to fire at Indian positions in Balnoi sector in Poonch district.
"The firing started at 2.20 p.m. And it is still going on. Our troops have effectively retaliated," he said. There were no fresh casualties on the Indian side.
Later, the Pakistan Army again opened fire on Indian positions at Hamirpur in Poonch at 4.20 p.m.
"They used mortars and small arms after which our troops retaliated effectively with same calibre weapons," said Mehta, adding no casualty or damage has been reported on the Indian side.
Paramilitary Pakistan Rangers again started opened fire with automatic weapons and mortars at Border Security Force border posts and civilian areas in R.S. Pura, Arnia, Suchetgarh, Kanachak and Hira Nagar sectors of the international border in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts late Tuesday evening after attacks in the day.
"Pakistan Rangers started unprovoked firing at 8 p.m. BSF is now retaliating using same calibre weapons," a police officer told IANS, adding people from areas close to the border have already been moved to safer places.
The latest violation of the 2003 ceasefire along the Jammu and Kashmir border has sparked fresh tensions along the border. Indian officials have said an estimated 20,000 people have fled their homes in border areas.
In Islamabad, Pakistan registered a protest with the UN Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP) over the firing by the Indian military.
The UN group would visit the affected areas, Geo News quoted the Pakistani military's media wing Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) as saying.
India said five Indian civilians were killed in heavy firing by the Pakistani military Monday. Pakistani officials said the Indian firing has left four civilians dead.
The Pakistan Army had Monday too violated the truce. The paramilitary Pakistan Rangers have also targeted BSF as well as civilian positions on the border in the last two days.
For the first time, the Rangers and BSF failed to exchange sweets on the border Monday on the occasion of Eid.
On Tuesday, BSF Director General D.K. Pathak visited BSF border outposts in Jammu and Samba districts.
Three civilians were injured overnight on the Indian side in firing and mortar shelling by Pakistani forces, police said Tuesday.
"Three civilians were injured in Arnia town," a senior police officer told IANS in Jammu. He added that the BSF hit back at the Pakistan Rangers.
The firing, which again started between the Rangers and the BSF Monday evening, jad continued Tuesday in Arnia, Pargwal, Kanachak, Ramgarh and other places in Jammu and Samba districts.
Thousands of villagers from the border areas of Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts have fled their homes and moved into makeshift camps.
Journalists who visited the border villages were told that the Pakistani firing was "very heavy".
BSF officers say that Pakistani forces have intensified attacks on Indian border posts in a desperate bid to give cover to Islamist militants trying to sneak into Jammu and Kashmir.
But Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah denied this, telling CNN-IBN channel that the real reason for the turmoil on the border was the internal situation in Pakistan.
"This Pakistani provocation has nothing to do with attempts to infiltrate militants into Jammu and Kashmir," Abdullah said.
"It is all due to the internal situation in Pakistan," he said, referring to the unending tensions between the government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and the opposition.
"Sharif is trying to deflect attention from his internal crisis," he said.
Abdullah said the Pakistani aggression was a major challenge to the Modi government and simply lodging a protest with Islamabad won't do.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh Monday warned Pakistan to stop violating the ceasefire, saying "times have changed in India". (Agencies)
Recommend

NHPC Gains on Higher Electricity GenerationYou are here: Home Market
NHPC Gains on Higher Electricity Generation
Reuters | Updated On: October 08, 2014 10:19 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
NHPC engaged in hydro power generation, gained 0.8 per cent on Wednesday.
NHPCs' Electricity generation for the first six months is 21 per cent higher than last year, said Central Electricity Authority website.
New dams and some of the dams damaged by Uttarakhand floods of last year became operational, investors said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

M&M to pick up 51% in Peugot Motorcycles. Will this trigger a re-rating of M&M sharesRepost
Guest
Ideally M&M is trying to compete and atleast enter top 3 Places as it`s losing focus in 2 wheelers segment. Hopefully this can revive their hope atleast in semi urban and rural segment. Because Pantero is good hit in rural areas and semi urban areas than in metros. Let us wait and watch the Game
2.43 PM Oct 8th

One does not need 56-inch chest to protect India s interests against Pakistan: Shiv Sena to Narendra ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Infosys shares fall nearly 5% on Citigroup downgrade ahead of resultsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

http://usat.ly/1vPaLoXCelebrity central: A look at the Waldorf's big-name visitors
Frank Sinatra, left, chats with orchestra leader Guy Lombardo at the hotel on July 18, 1946.
Post to Facebook
Celebrity central: A look at the Waldorf's big-name visitors Frank Sinatra, left, chats with orchestra leader Guy Lombardo at the hotel on July 18, 1946. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vJDyvc
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Celebrity central: A look at the Waldorf's big-name visitors
Frank Sinatra, left, chats with orchestra leader Guy Lombardo at the hotel on July 18, 1946. 
AP
Heavyweight boxers Muhammad Ali, left, and Leon Spinks get into a tussle at a press conference on Dec. 15, 1977. 
David Pickoff, AP
Marlon Brando stands with Yakima Indians John Meninick and Louis Cloud at the American Indian Development dinner at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel on Nov. 26, 1974. 
AP
Actor Tony Curtis carries his bride, actress Janet Leigh, into their honeymoon suite at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel on June 4, 1951. 
AP
An undated photograph of artist Salvador Dali and his wife attending the Knickerbocker Ball at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel. 
AP
Rock group The New York Dolls perform at the Waldorf Halloween Ball on Oct. 31, 1973. 
Richard Drew, AP
New York Gov. Nelson Rockefeller jokes with Russian leader Nikita Khrushchev on Sept. 18, 1959. 
STR Associated Press
Olympic broad jump champion Jesse Owens shows his form at the Waldorf Astoria on Oct. 12, 1954. 
Marty Lederhandler, AP
The former Eunice Mary Kennedy, left, and her father, former ambassador Joseph P. Kennedy, dance at a reception following her marriage to Robert Sargent Shriver Jr. on May 23, 1953, during a reception at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel. 
John Rooney, AP
Veteran jazz pianist Eubie Blake performs during a suprise party for his 93rd birthday at at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel on Feb. 7, 1976. 
Ray Stubblebine, AP
Queen Elizabeth II speaks at a luncheon in her honor at New York's Waldorf Astoria Hotel on July 9, 1976. 
Suzanne Vlamis, AP
Fron the balcony of New York's old Waldorf Astoria Hotel, Gen. John J. Pershing reveiws the 27th division on its return from World War I service in Europe March 26, 1919.  
Suzanne Vlamis, AP
Fullscreen
Olympic broad jump champ Jesse Owens shows his old form at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New York City where he was honored on Oct. 12, 1954 with other athletes at banquet for the all-time U.S. Olympic Games track and field team. 
Associated Press
Hotel magnate Conrad Hilton stands in front of the Waldorf Astoria Hotel on Nov. 9, 1964. 
AP
The drawing room of a suite on the 37th floor of the hotel on April 18, 1951, where Gen. Douglas MacArthur and his family stayed during their New York visit. 
Jacob Harris, AP
Rock 'n roll singer and guitarist Bo Diddley doffs his hat for photographers as he arrives at the Waldorf Astoria for the second annual Rock and Roll Hall of Fame dinner on Jan. 21, 1987. 
Ron Frehm, AP
Lee Iacocca, chairman of Chrysler Corp., left, hands a check for $813,487,500 to Edwin Heard, vice chairman of the U.S. Trust Company, in the Jade room of the Waldorf-Astoria on Aug. 12, 1983. 
G.P. Burnett, AP
Ethiopian leader Haile Selassie attends a June 1, 1954, reception at the hotel. 
AP
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Hero MotoCorp launches 2 bikes priced up to ...Hero MotoCorp launches two bikes priced up to Rs 51,550
By PTI | 8 Oct, 2014, 02.40PM IST
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
New Delhi: Country's leading two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp today launched two new products in the market to cash-in on the festive season.
The company launched 100 cc Splendor Pro Classic, which has a cafe racer styling, priced at Rs 48,650 (ex-showroom Delhi) and another 100 cc on-road-off-road bike Passion Pro TR at Rs 51,550 (ex-showroom Delhi).
Commenting on the launches, the company said: "Having kicked-off the festive season with record 6-lakh plus sales in September, Hero MotoCorp has lined-up a slew of new products, including refreshes and variants in the festive season."
Hero MotoCorp had reported over 30 per cent jump in sales in September to six lakh units, riding on strong festive season demand.
The company said Splendor Pro Classic offers a distinct riding experience with its cafe racer styling and its features include classic single seat, vintage style cafe cowl and sporty handle bar.
On the other hand, the Passion Pro TR offers an adventurous ride to young Indian bikers with its ability to take them off the conventional roads, it added.

Will transform  scam Haryana to skill Haryana   says Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Power ministry to sell LEDs at Rs 10You are here: Home > Collections
Power ministry to sell LEDs at Rs10 against the market price of Rs 400
IANS Oct 8, 2014, 02.46PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(The power ministry has already…)
NEW DELHI: A day after the Nobel Prize in physics was won by the scientists who invented blue light-emitting diodes (LEDs), the power ministry Wednesday launched a business model enabling the sale of LEDs to households at Rs.10 against the market price of Rs.400.
"The Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE) together with the Energy Efficiency Services Limited (EESL), which is a joint venture of four central public sector undertakings in the power sector, have worked with electricity distribution companies (discoms) to develop a business model under which EESL procures LED bulbs in bulk and sells them to households at Rs.10," an official release here said.
"The discoms then repay EESL, over a period of five to eight years from the savings that accrue due to use of this energy efficient lighting technology," it added.
Under an MoU between EESL and the Andhra Pradesh government, EESL last week completed the procurement of two million LEDs, the statement said.
"Almost the entire lighting industry participated in the bid and the lowest quoted price was Rs.204 per LED bulb," it added.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu Thursday launched the Energy Conservation Mission's Demand Side Efficient Lighting Programme (DELP) in the state, which promotes replacement of incandescent bulbs with energy-efficient LED bulbs. The DELP is covering 3.7 million households, who will be provided with two high quality LED bulbs each at a subsidized price of Rs.10.
The programme started in Guntur, to be followed by Anantapur, West Godavari and Srikakulam districts.
The union power ministry has already decided that all below-poverty line households at the time of electrification under the Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyuthikaran Yojana (RGGVY) would be provided LED technology.
LEDs are emerging as the most energy-efficient source of lighting as they use one-tenth of the energy of a normal incandescent bulb and half as much energy as a Compact Fluorescent Lamp (CFL) to produce the same amount of light.
The first LED lamp made in India, in 2010, was sold for Rs.1,200, the ministry said.
EESL has already completed a number of projects to retrofit existing streetlights to LED streetlights as well as a 750,000 LED bulb replacement project for households in Pudhuchery, the statement said.
"Increase in domestic demand would further reduce cost of LED bulbs with larger production capacities getting created in India," it said.
All lighting manufacturers have established domestic manufacturing facilities for LED-based lighting system, and have started training programmes for engineers and demonstration programmes in various buildings to showcase this technology, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ingenious thieves use jackfruit sap to steal money from ATMsOct 08, 2014 at 02:21pm IST
Ingenious thieves use jackfruit sap to steal money from ATMs
16
0
Manila: Philippine thieves have been using low-tech sticky tree sap to rob high-tech cash dispenser machines in banks, police said Tuesday.
Jackfruit sap is daubed on a metal bar that thieves insert into the card slot of automated teller machines, said a suburban Manila police spokesman Inspector Edwin Malabanan.
Whenever a person tried to withdraw cash, the bills would stick onto the bar inside the machine, which thieves would retrieve once the the disappointed customer had left.
Thieves have been using low-tech sticky tree sap to rob high-tech cash dispenser machines in banks. ( Jackfruit , via Shutterstock)
#atm #thieves #jackfruit #phillipines
"The sap is really sticky. It was really clever of them to think of it," Malabanan told AFP.
Customers of several banks complaining of losses prompted the police to look into the matter and one of two thieves was arrested last week thanks to closed circuit TV footage of a bank ATM, he said.
Police do not know how many other thieves have used this method, he added.
Malabanan said police charged the suspect under a law punishing tampering of electronic devices for theft, but it was thrown out since he had used a non-electronic tool.
The suspect will now be charged with simple theft which carries a lesser penalty of up to six years in prison instead of up to 20 years in jail under the electronic devices law.
29

How the blue LED is changing the world and won its inventors a NobelOct 08, 2014 at 02:04pm IST
How the blue LED is changing the world and won its inventors a Nobel
15
0
Paris: Just over 20 years ago, three physicists working in two laboratories in Japan cracked a problem that had stumped rivals for decades - how to prise blue light from a semi-conductor.
The feat paved the way to a low-energy source of light for illuminating homes, buildings, computers and mobile phones.
On Tuesday, it earned Isamu Akasaki, Hiroshi Amano and Shuji Nakamura the 2014 Nobel Physics Prize, and a flow of tributes for providing the world with a weapon against global warming.
The invention of the blue LED paved the way to a low-energy source of light for illuminating homes, buildings, computers and mobile phones. ( Blue LED , via Shutterstock)
#blue led #nobel prize in physics #nobel prize
By the time the trio made their breakthroughs in the early 1990s, red light-emitting diodes (LEDs) had already been around since the late 1950s, followed by green, yellow and orange by the 1970s.
Blue light, which has a much shorter wavelength, is essential in a mix with red and green to produce white light.
But it remained elusive as the scientists battled to find an appropriate conductor, shrugging off critics and doubters.
"At first, it was said that this could not be invented during the 20th century. A lot of people left (the project), but I never considered doing so at all," Akasaki told reporters in Nagoya on Tuesday.
An LED is a diode - a device that allows electrical current to flow in only one direction between two conductive layers lying next to one another.
When electricity is passed through the diode, the atoms in one material are excited to a higher level of energy.
Some of these are shed to the other layer, an energy release that is transformed into photons, or particles of light.
The colour of the light depends on the materials from which the diode is made, which is why the quest for the right conductor was so important.
Ignoring detractors, Akasaki and Amano working at Nagoya University, and now US-based Nakamura who was then working for a small company in Tokushima, stuck to their choice of gallium nitride, a hard crack-resistant compound.
"Early on, the material was considered appropriate for producing blue light, but practical difficulties had proved enormous," said the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences (RSAS), which selects recipients for the physics Nobel.
"No-one was able to grow gallium nitride crystals of high enough quality, since it was seen as a hopeless endeavour to try to produce a fitting surface to grow the gallium nitride crystal on," it said.
In 1986, Akasaki and Amano were the first to succeed, placing a layer of aluminium nitride on ultra-thin wafers of synthetic substrate, on which they then grew the gallium nitride crystal.
The pair produced their first blue light-emitting diode in 1992.
Nakamura used the same material but a different method -- he made crystals by first growing a thin layer of gallium nitride at low temperature, and growing subsequent layers at higher temperatures.
"The laureates challenged established truths; they worked hard and took considerable risks," said the RSAS.
"They built the equipment themselves, learnt the technology, and carried out thousands of experiments. Most of the time they failed, but they did not despair."
- Cheaper, cleaner light -
Two decades later, those achievements in the lab are being turned into benefits for Earth's beleaguered climate system.
LED lamps could save millions of tonnes of carbon dioxide (CO2), the principal greenhouse gas, that would otherwise be emitted to power less efficient lights.
At about 100,000 hours, LEDs last much longer than incandescent bulbs that have a lifespan of about 1,000 hours, and fluorescent lights that last about 10,000 hours.
They use about 10 times less energy, converting more of the electricity straight into photons. By comparison, about 90 percent of the energy used to light a 100-watt incandescent bulb is wasted as heat.
Maximum use of LEDs could cut electricity use for lighting by about 80 percent, said the Institute of Physics (IOP) in London.
"This is physics research that is having a direct impact on the grandest of scales, helping protect our environment," said IOP president Frances Saunders.
With their low input requirements, LED lamps could be powered by cheap solar energy in poor countries, and ultraviolet LEDs, developed from the blue type, can be used to sterilise polluted water.
At just 20 years old, "the blue LED is a fundamental invention that is rapidly changing the way we bring light to every corner of the home, the street and the workplace," said Frederick Dylla, executive director of the American Institute of Physics.
92

Betzig  Moerner &Hell win Nobel prize for ch..."Their ground-breaking work has brought optical microscopy into the nanodimension," the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
STOCKHOLM: American scientists Eric Betzig and William Moerner and Germany's Stefan Hell won the 2014 Nobel prize for chemistry for the development of super-resolved fluorescence microscopy, the award-giving body said on Wednesday.
"Their ground-breaking work has brought optical microscopy into the nanodimension," the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said in a statement awarding the 8 million crown ($1.1 million) prize.
Chemistry was the third of this year's Nobel prizes. The prize is named after dynamite inventor Alfred Nobel and has been awarded since 1901 for achievements in science, literature and peace in accordance with his will.

Mkt ends in red; Nifty fails to defend 7850 |  State polls to have big impact on D-StreetSensex ends in red on weak global cues; tech, pharma down
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 04.10PM IST
Tags:
Bankex
(Sensex ended a volatile…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex ended a volatile session on flat-to-negative note as global markets remained under pressure on concerns of global economic growth. Outflows of dollars from emerging markets including India also added to the woes.
The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent.
The 30-share index ended at 26,246.79, down 25.18 points or 0.10 per cent. It touched a high of 26,338.31 and a low of 26,150.09 in trade today.
The Nifty closed at 7,842.70, down 9.70 points or 0.12 per cent. It touched a high of 7,869.90 and a low of 7,815.75 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was slipped 0.23 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.06 per cent.
The S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 1.61 per cent, the S&P BSE Auto Index was 0.58 per cent higher and S&P BSE Bankex advanced 1.09 per cent.
The S&P BSE IT Index fell 3.44 per cent and the S&P BSE Healthcare Index was down 3.27 per cent.
Infosys (4.70 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (4.37 per cent), Sun Pharma (4.31 per cent), Wipro (4.03 per cent) and Cipla (2.51 per cent) were among the top losers.
Tata Steel (up 3.52 per cent), L&T (up 2.32 per cent), ONGC (up 2.30 per cent), NTPC (up 2.24 per cent) and BHEL (up 2.10 per cent) were among the Sensex gainers.
The market breadth was negative on the BSE with 1343 gainers against 1562 losers.
(All figures are provisional)
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1v0II7oFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Pancake flap: 'Aunt Jemima' heirs seek dough
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Born a slave in 1834 in Kentucky, Nancy Green was the first Aunt Jemima "Mammy."  Nearly a century has gone by and Aunt Jemima no longer resembles a servant, having swapped her red bandanna
Post to Facebook
Pancake flap: 'Aunt Jemima' heirs seek dough LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Born a slave in 1834 in Kentucky, Nancy Green was the first Aunt Jemima "Mammy."  Nearly a century has gone by and Aunt Jemima no longer resembles a servant, having swapped her red bandanna Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vJZxlK
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
432
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Pancake flap: 'Aunt Jemima' heirs seek dough
Jere Downs, The (Louisville, Ky.) Courier-Journal 2:55 p.m. EDT October 7, 2014
Video Keywords Nancy Green big rapids rapids Michigan PepsiCo Kentucky's Michigan
Heirs to African American women who worked as Aunt Jemima seek to share in revenue from Quaker Oats in a new federal lawsuit. Footage provided by Jim Crow Museum, Ferris State University.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  Quaker oats says aunt Jemima is a mythical figure on
00:03  the pancake blocks. A federal lawsuit now charges that the descendants
00:08  of early aunt Jemima models like Nancy Green. Former Kentucky's slave
00:14  are entitled to some of the -- from the pancake mix
00:17  over the years. I'm really well I'm not OK. Okay. Smiling
00:25  happy aunt Jemima payment corporate secret recipe depends and it won't
00:30  hold them but we what you're happy -- The -- it
00:33  it spoke to was my app that wrecked I. They don't
00:37  have a -- note that's a good thing to remember. These
00:40  images are painful stereotypes now. A relic of slavery when black
00:45  women were stereotyped as many weeks. Aunt Jemima romanticized slavery and
00:51  retreat at the plantation as a happy place for whites and
00:54  blacks. Kentucky's Nancy Green played this role for aunt Jemima from
00:59  1890 to 1923. The lawsuits as a later aunt Jemima --
01:04  and Harrington. Played the role from 1935. To 1955. Both women
01:11  the lawsuit says. Were employed under contracts that promised them royalties
01:15  and both women contributed to the famous recipe that's become the
01:19  nation's. Dominant paying kickbacks. Those claims have no merit according to
01:25  a statement from Quaker oats a division of PepsiCo. Contributing in
01:29  their culinary expertise their personality. And indeed their images. There early
01:34  aunt Jemima has made the brand their descendants argue and are
01:38  entitled to some of the demo. A federal court may find
01:41  they were simply independent contractors. Whatever the outcome. The images and
01:46  advertisements. Are from a Jim Crow era from are not too
01:50  distant past. For the courier journal this is -- downs with
01:57  special thanks to the Jim Crow museum at Ferris state university
02:01  in big rapids Michigan.
By 1989, the image of Aunt Jemima had evolved into more of a working mom, its present-day logo.
(Photo: Quaker Oats Co.)
Born a slave in 1834 in Kentucky, Nancy Green was the first Aunt Jemima "Mammy" in 1890.
More than century later, Aunt Jemima no longer resembles a servant, having swapped her red bandanna for pearls and soft curls in 1989.
Now a lawsuit claims that Green's heirs as well as the descendants of other black women who appeared as Aunt Jemima deserve $2 billion and a share of future revenue from sales of the popular brand.
The federal suit, filed in Chicago in August by two great-grandsons of Anna Short Harrington, says that she and Green were key in formulating the recipe for the nation's first self-rising pancake mix, and that Green came up with the idea of adding powdered milk for extra flavor.
"Aunt Jemima has become known as one of the most exploited and abused women in American history," said D.W. Hunter, one of Harrington's great-grandsons.
Are these food icons based on real people?
But Quaker Oats, current owner of the brand, said this past month in response to the lawsuit that Aunt Jemima was never real.
"The image symbolizes a sense of caring, warmth, hospitality and comfort and is neither based on, nor meant to depict any one person," according to a statement from Quaker Oats, a subsidiary of PepsiCo ( NYSE: PEP ). "While we cannot discuss the details of pending litigation, we do not believe there is any merit to this lawsuit."
No contracts have been located between Aunt Jemima models and their pancake bosses, according to PepsiCo correspondence with plaintiffs contained in the lawsuit.
But Harrington's descendants contend they did exist.
Quaker Oats and other companies "made false promises to Nancy Green ... and Anna Harrington," their lawsuit says, adding that each time their "name, voice or likeness was used in connection with the products or goods, (the ladies) would receive a percentage of the monies or royalties received."
Documents in the lawsuit show advertising claiming that the mix is Aunt Jemima's "secret" recipe from the Old South. One ad, which shows Green serving a handsomely dressed white family, says that only she has the recipe to mix four flours — corn, wheat, rice and rye. Another calls it her "magic recipe" to "turn out dese tender, 'licious, jiffy-quick pancakes."
And Diane Roberts, a professor of Southern culture at Florida State University in Tallahassee and author of The Myth of Aunt Jemima, said that "Mammy" stereotype "romanticized the cruelty of slavery for a nation reconciling the trauma of the Civil War."
"It's one of those representations of black people that white people love because Mammy loved her white children so much," Roberts said. "It proved to white people that we couldn't have been that mean to black people because Mammy loves us."
Who was Nancy Green?
Whether or not heirs of the Aunt Jemima women prevail in their lawsuit, their legacy represents whites' common appropriation of black culinary expertise, said John van Willigen, a retired anthropology professor at the University of Kentucky, who mentions Green in his new book Kentucky's Cookbook Heritage: Two Hundred Years of Southern Cuisine and Culture.
Green "represents this idea that African American cooks were behind the scenes," Willigen said, "especially in places like Kentucky where their culinary innovations and developments were appropriated by white ladies."
This ad for Aunt Jemima's Pancake Flour was published Nov. 10, 1894, in Seattle.
(Photo: University of Washington University Libraries)
On the AuntJemima.com website, the company's official history says Chris Rutt and Charles Underwood of the Pearl Milling Co. developed Aunt Jemima, the first ready mix, in 1889 and sold the Aunt Jemima Manufacturing Co. to R.T. Davis the next year.
Oral history places Green's birth in the 1830s on a farm on Somerset Creek, six miles outside Mount Sterling in Eastern Kentucky, said Miles Hoskins, president of the Montgomery County Historical Society.
"There are no birth certificates from slave days for black people. They were property," Hoskins said, adding local farmers from that area named Green were known to raise tobacco, hay, cattle and hogs.
During the Civil War, Mount Sterling changed hands a dozen times, with Confederates repeatedly flushing Union soldiers from the courthouse square. By war's end, Green dwelled in a wood frame shack, which still stands, behind a grand home on Main Street, where she worked as house servant, Hoskins said.
"As soon as she was free, she left for Chicago," he added. "When the war was over, slaves had heard about the North. She probably just wanted to forget about the whole ordeal and get out of here."
In Chicago, Green became a cook for Judge Charles Walker, who recommended to the R.T. Davis Milling Co. that she represent the pancake mix, according to Blacks in Advertising, Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow by Marilyn Kern-Foxworth.
"She was a magnificent cook, an attractive woman of outgoing nature and friendly personality, gregarious in the extreme," the book says.
Green's breakthrough appearance for the Aunt Jemima brand happened in 1893 at the Chicago World's Fair, where she "loved crowds and loved to talk about her slave days, " according to the book.
Green "emerged the image of a wise old cook from the Deep South of Civil War times, who had brought her secret pancake recipe to a benighted northland," according to Black Hunger: Food and the Politics of U.S. Identity, by University of Iowa English professor Doris Witt.
Green died in her late 80s in 1923 after a car struck her on the sidewalk in Chicago, according to her obituary in the Sunday Morning Star. She was still working as Aunt Jemima at the time, according to numerous accounts.
Harrington's role
Quaker Oats acquired the brand in the 1920s.
The lawsuit contends that the company recruited Harrington to become Aunt Jemima while flipping pancakes in a booth at the New York State Fair in 1935. It says she then enhanced the recipe with "potato grease."
Advertisement for Aunt Jemima's Pancake Flour that was used in a trademark case in 1915.
(Photo: National Archives)
Harrington herself was the daughter of sharecroppers who worked on a former plantation in South Carolina.
The lawsuit said neither she nor Green possessed the education or acumen to bargain fairly with the pancake companies.
"Defendants were in position to exploit Nancy Green, and Anna Harrington, that came from plantations," the lawsuit said, adding that three of Harrington's daughters were later recruited to represent the brand or were photographed as Aunt Jemima.
Whatever business arrangement they had is at the heart of the dispute.
"PepsiCo and Quaker are actively searching for contracts that would pertain to Ms. Anna S. Harrington, which if they exist go back 60 years or even longer. We thus far have not located these documents in the places that have been searched," PepsiCo lawyer Dean Panos wrote in a March e-mail cited in the lawsuit.
Don Cox, a lawyer in Louisville, Ky., who has represented Kern's Kitchen Inc. in defending its trademark Derby-Pie, said the claimants in the Aunt Jemima case are "throwing the dice."
"This happened so long ago and continued for so long with nobody doing anything about it," he said.
One rendition of Nancy Green’s portrait as Aunt Jemima. Quaker Oats bought the brand in 1926.
(Photo: .)
Legal standards for whether someone is misled in a contract are governed by time limits, or statutes of limitations, that likely have long expired, Cox said, adding that ignorance on the part of Green or Harrington will probably not be taken into consideration in court.
"If a person doesn't take action within an applicable period of time, their claim goes away," Cox said.
Hunter, Harrington's great-grandson, said in a Sept. 29 e-mail that the case represents a "fight for the economic parity of rights of people whose civil and human rights have been violated."
Hunter, a self-described civil-rights activist based in Minneapolis, Minn., said if he recovers proceeds from the lawsuit, he will "buy the agricultural crops from disenfranchised African women farmers that are in villages to help them make a decent living wage in Africa and Brazil."
Painful relic of slavery
No matter the outcome of the suit, the Aunt Jemima brand has a mixed past.
Quaker Oats' website says it stands for "warmth, nourishment and trust — qualities you'll find in loving moms from diverse backgrounds who care for and want the very best for their families."
But the Jim Crow Museum at Ferris State University in Michigan includes her image in a traveling "Hateful Things" exhibit alongside Uncle Ben's Rice and other period advertisements, toys and cartoons, mainly from the Civil War through segregation.
Roberts, the Florida State expert, said Aunt Jemima's image is "reassuring" and "kindly," but it still is a racist brand.
"Just because the Civil War was more than 100 years ago, Jim Crow doesn't go away," she said.
39100 CONNECT 318 TWEET 51 LINKEDIN 432 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vJZxlK
Looking for a Job?

Sensex Hits Near 2-Month Closing Low; Infosys SlumpsGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Mumbai:
The BSE Sensex fell for a third straight session on Wednesday to its lowest closing level in nearly two months as exporters slumped after weak macroeconomic data stoked worries about global economic growth.
Losses, however, were limited as cyclical stocks gained after the International Monetary Fund raised its FY15 GDP growth estimate for India to 5.6 per cent from 5.4 per cent, raising hopes of a much-talked-about cyclical recovery in the domestic economy. The IMF on Tuesday cut its world growth forecast to 3.3 per cent this year from 3.4 per cent.
Falls in software stocks were accentuated after Citigroup downgraded certain companies including Infosys ahead of its results on Friday.
The downgrades, pinned to recent outperformance and valuations in the export-driven sector, sparked concerns that the July-September earnings may fail to impress heightened expectations of investors.
"A large part of today's fall is due to underperformance in the IT sector," said Vinod Nair, head of fundamental research at Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services Ltd.
Performance in the near term will depend on second-quarter earnings, which are likely to improve by 15 per cent year-on-year compared with a high growth of 26 per cent in the first quarter, as the rupee is weaker, Nair added.
Investors were cautious ahead of the minutes of the U.S. Federal Reserve's last policy meet due later in the day.
The benchmark BSE Sensex fell 0.1 per cent, or 25.18 points, to 26,246.79, while the broader Nifty dropped 0.12 per cent, or 9.70 points, to 7,842.70.
Both the indexes marked their second consecutive close below the 50-day moving average and lowest close since August 14.
Exporters led losses. Infosys fell 4.7 per cent after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "buy", saying "positives are adequately discounted."
Tech Mahindra fell 4.7 per cent after Citigroup cut its rating to "sell" from "neutral", while MindTree lost 4 per cent after a downgrade to "sell" from "buy".
Among other IT stocks, Tata Consultancy services lost 1.8 per cent and Wipro ended down 4 per cent.
Pharmaceutical exporters also declined as investors pared positions ahead of the July-September earnings season.
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries fell 4.2 per cent, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories lost 4.3 per cent and Cipla ended down 2.8 per cent.
Jubilant Foodworks fell 1.2 per cent after rival Yum Brands Inc cut its 2014 earnings forecast on Tuesday.
Sobha Developers lost 2.9 per cent after the company on Tuesday said its September-quarter sales were valued at Rs 559 crore, raising worries the company may not able to meet its full-year guidance, traders said.
Domestic cyclical stocks gained after IMF raised India's growth outlook for FY15. State Bank of India gained 1.9 per cent, Larsen & Toubro rose 2.3 per cent and auto maker Mahindra & Mahindra advanced 1.1 per cent.
Oil companies surged after Brent fell to a 27-month low on concerns about global growth and oil glut.
Hindustan Petroleum Corp surged 5.6 per cent, Indian Oil Corp jumped 6.9 per cent and Bharat Petroleum Corp advanced 3.7 per cent.
Among explorers, Oil and Natural Gas Corp gained 2.4 per cent, while Oil India rose 1.2 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Lumax sees MM s one source strategy boosting revenuesOct 08, 2014, 04.00 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Lumax sees M&M's one source strategy boosting revenues
M&M's one source strategy gives an opportunity to leverage all other product lines of Mahindra, said Deepak Jain of Lumax Industries.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Lumax sees M&M's one source strategy boosting revenues
M&M's one source strategy gives an opportunity to leverage all other product lines of Mahindra, said Deepak Jain of Lumax Industries.
Post your opinion here
One sourcing is very advantageous to Lumax because it gives us an opportunity to go into all the verticals from a single point contact.
Deepak Jain
MD
Lumax Industries
Deepak Jain MD,  Lumax Industries in an interview to CNBC-TV18 said with Mahindra and Mahindra 's new strategy of 'one sourcing' that is integrated sourcing for all its verticals would be a big boost for the company. “This one-sourcing gives us an opportunity to leverage all other product lines to Mahindra. So we are expecting a good revenue increase by consolidating this business.”
He expects M&M’s contribution to the company’s revenues from the new contribution to go up from 12 to 15 percent going forward and the group contribution to go up from 9 percent to 12-13 percent.
Overall he expects a 10 percent growth in revenues for the company in FY15.
Meanwhile,  Maruti Suzuki as of date remains there largest client, and all the new launches from the car maker is sure to enhance revenues for the company, said Jain.
As of now, the company as in all eight manufacturing facilities which are operating at 70 percent capacity, he added
Below is the transcript of Deepak Jain's interview with Nigel D'Souza and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Nigel: There were a couple of articles that stated that Mahindra and Mahindra (M&M) is likely to reduce its supplier base as part of its new strategy. For Lumax Industries, how much of your revenue comes in from M&M and what kind of an impact could it have?
A: In terms of M&M, the new strategy is on one sourcing and they have made integrated sourcing for all their verticals. I think it is very advantageous to Lumax because now this gives us an opportunity to go in all the verticals from a single point contact. Lumax does lighting and we are the major supplier for the auto sector and we are already now in talks for the other divisions like there are two-wheelers as well as for the commercial vehicle.
Even this one-sourcing gives us an opportunity to leverage all other product lines to Mahindra. So we are expecting a good revenue increase by consolidating this business.
Reema: As you pointed out M&M currently contributes about 12 percent, if you can leverage your other products with M&M, how much further could the contribution or revenues from M&M increase by?
A: It is about 9 percent contribution to the revenue perspective. Last two years M&M has been stable in terms of growth. Going forward, we expect this revenue to go and enhance and go to upto number two position, almost going to about 12-13 percent of a group contribution.
In lighting we are also expecting that whatever growth M&M is offering in the next two-three years, since we are having strong order books with M&M on the new product portfolios as well, so should contribute from about currently 12 percent to about 15 percent.
Nigel: You said that in fact it is the number two or the number three client for you. Who is the biggest client and what is the largest part of your revenue, from where does that come?
A: The largest is obviously Maruti Suzuki. The first is about 30 percent of the total revenue for Lumax Industries. Even from a group level, Maruti Suzuki remains number one with almost about 20 percent of the revenues coming from there.
We are very bullish on Maruti Suzuki given its leadership position and also by the product pipeline. Obviously today in lighting we are almost about in front lighting 75 percent show business with whatever Maruti produces. So we are very hopeful that with new upcoming models which are coming in which is also in the Lumax kitty, we should be able to capture growth and Maruti to maintain its leadership position.
Reema: In the annual report you have said that the company has seen pressure on its bottomline due to increased depreciation but more importantly on account of increased operational costs of it’s newly set up plants in the previous year, which are not yet operating on their full capacity due to a slowdown in industry. Can you tell us currently what is the blended capacity utilisation at your plants and how has it changed compared to one year back?
A: At Lumax Industries we have eight manufacturing locations and this is largely in the Haryana state, also in Maharashtra and of course we are now setting up in south which is in Karnataka.
From overall capacity, we are at the tune of 70 percent. In the last three years, we have invested heavily into Maharashtra. I think with the upturn coming in and with Prime Minister Modi’s ‘make in India’ policy coming in, it is going to give a boost to the automotive sector. We are pretty much ready. What we feel in terms of finance is that we don’t have to invest anymore in the Greenfield side. We probably will be doing a Brownfield maintenance capex and whatever upturn we will exceed in probably H2, we should be able to capture with minimum investments and hence we would be able to increase operations.
Nigel: Could you tell us what is your debt currently? I believe you have made some repayments because your finance cost as well has come in lower and give us a revenue outlook for FY15 as well as FY16?
A: The revenue outlook would be that we are expecting about 10 percent growth. Q1 had been pretty much flattish given the industry scenario. We expect that we should be able to get about in half year closing about 5 percent growth and then probably Q3 and Q4 should give us more growth coming and close the year for about 10 percent.
In terms of financials, we will not be investing anymore in Greenfield sites. Our investments whatever we are generating, is going into R&D. We have invested about Rs 20-30 crore in R&D in internal accruals and whatever further free cash flow we are having, we are reducing the debt burden and that is why you see lowering of interest cost as well.
Reema: What does your debt currently stand at and how much are you looking to reduce your debt by?
A: About a year back, the debt was almost about close to Rs 80 crore which today is about Rs 45 crore.
Lumax Inds stock price
On November 24, 2014, Lumax Industries closed at Rs 399.30, down Rs 1.5, or 0.37 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 447.55 and the 52-week low was Rs 285.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 18.24 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 21.89. The latest book value of the company is Rs 185.37 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.15.
RELATED NEWS

3 Win Nobel for Giving Microscope Sharper VisionKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Obama-Singh Grant for IPETweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 8:  
The Institute of Public Enterprise, Hyderabad has been awarded a fellowship under the Obama-Singh Grant jointly with the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, US.
The duo will conduct a study of sustainability practises in Public Enterprises. Its main objectives are to find the practices of sustainability reporting in Electronics Corporation of India Ltd., Hyderabad and develop a case study.
Anupama Dubey of the IPE will do the project and present the findings at an international workshop scheduled in January 2015. The Grant is administered by the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

BSE Sensex hits near 2-month closing low; Infosys slumpsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ajay Devgn encourages underprivileged children to study"Our country and future is in the hands of children," says Ajay Devgn.
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 4:38 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 6:15 pm
‘Singham’ star Ajay Devgn today called on the underprivileged children to pursue education for a bright future and to uplift their lives.
“Our country and future is in the hands of children. I urge you all to go to schools and lighten up your lives and grow up in future,” said Devgn, who is a father of two kids.
The 45-year-old actor was speaking at ‘Project Parivartan’ programme, an initiative by Mumbai Police in association with Women & Child Welfare Department and Tribal Development Department, organised at Bhartiya Vidhyabhavan auditorium in south Mumbai.
The cause was supported by various NGOs involved in rehabilitation of begging and hawking communities.
There are 491 families of Faase Pardhi and Waghri tribes who along with their 1,233 children beg on south Mumbai streets alone, as per the figures provided by NGOs.
Appealing the parents to willingly send their children to government schools, the 45-year-old actor said, “The government officials are here to assist you (parents) in all possible ways to ensure that the children can pursue education without any hassles and are given optimum opportunities and a holistic growth. There are various NGOs too which will provide you (parents) jobs while your children study in schools.”
Devgn reminded the children that if they desist from studying then the efforts made so far by him, the government and NGOs would go waste.
The parents of these children will also be rehabilitated by providing skills training and employment by the government agencies and NGOs so that they do not let their children drop out of school and re-initiate them into begging, said Additional Police Commissioner (South) Krishna Prakash, who organised the event.
“We will help the children to enroll in government schools. We aim to create a beggar-free zone in south Mumbai,” he said.
The programme was also attended by Mumbai Police Joint Commissioners B K Upadhyay (Traffic), Dhananjay Kamalakar (Law and Order) and officials from government agencies and NGOs.

Mohammad Hafeez  Junaid Khan ruled out of Australia TestsHafeez has been advised at least four weeks' rest after injuring his left hand during a practice match in the UAE. (Source: PTI)
Reuters | Sharjah | Posted: October 8, 2014 4:33 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 4:38 pm
Pakistan all-rounder Mohammad Hafeez, who was ruled out of the limited over series against Australia with a hand injury, will miss the subsequent test series against the same opponents as well, a Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) official said.
Fast bowler Junaid Khan will also return home from the United Arab Emirates having suffered a knee injury in practice.
Hafeez has been advised at least four weeks’ rest after injuring his left hand during a practice match in the UAE which required six stitches.
“The injury is worse than initially diagnosed and requires time to heal, so we don’t see him playing the Tests against Australia. Worse, he could also miss the Tests against New Zealand,” the official told Reuters.
The PCB later said left-arm paceman Sohail Tanvir would replace Junaid in the UAE.
Australia won the first one-dayers in Sharjah on Tuesday.
The injury is worse than initially diagnosed and requires time to heal, so we don't see him playing the Tests against Australia

Express LOL: Why the entire West Indies team should enter Bigg BossPrint
Express LOL | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 4:31 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:04 pm
The West Indies cricket team is the perfect example of a dysfunctional family. Internal fights, external failure, and a lack of results have seen it fall from the grace of its glory days. We think there’s one place they fit well, and that’s the Bigg Boss house.
Here are a few very good reasons as to why:
 

Aditi Rao Hydari showstopper for Payal Singhal at Wills India Fashion WeekDesigner Payal Singhal, who is making her debut at the spring summer 2015 edition of Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week (WIFW), has roped in actress Aditi Rao Hydari to walk as a show-stopper at her show.
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 4:30 pm
Designer Payal Singhal, who is making her debut at the spring summer 2015 edition of Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week (WIFW), has roped in actress Aditi Rao Hydari to walk as a show-stopper at her show.
“Payal will do her runway presentation Friday with Aditi as a show-stopper,” said an official invite on behalf of the designer.
The five-day fashion extravaganza started Wednesday at Pragati Maidan.
Singhal’s collection is titled “Firdaus”, an ode to the enchanting Gulmarg valley in Kashmir.
“The garments are the contemporary interpretation of traditional Indian clothing,” said the designer who believes in designing for the quality and design conscious individual who value and appreciate the art of fashion.

In Chautala bastion Dabwali  Sidhu tears into backstabbing BadalsIn Chautala bastion Dabwali, Sidhu tears into ‘backstabbing’ Badals
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Dabwali |       October 8, 2014 4:19 pm
Comments
Cricketer turned BJP politician Navjot Singh Sidhu on Wednesday tore into the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD), his party’s ally in Punjab, asking voters to beware of “backstabbers”.
The two-time BJP MP from Amritsar, who did not contest this summer’s Lok Sabha elections after being denied the party ticket for the seat, spoke at a campaign meeting in Dabwali for BJP candidate Dev Kumar Sharma.  The seat, a bastion of the Chautalas, sent Ajay Chautala to the Haryana assembly in 2009. Both Ajay Chautala and his father, INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala, are in prison after being convicted in the teachers’ recruitment scam, and the Dabwali seat is being defended by Ajay’s wife, Naina Singh. SAD politicians, including Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal, have been campaigning for the INLD.
“Our allies hug us in Punjab, but here in Haryana, they are wrestling with us. This is extremely unethical and mischievous,” Sidhu said.  “They support a person who claims that he will become CM from jail [Chautala]. Paide paide yaar meri fatto de [Punjabi idiom to describe bad company]. How can [kis munh se] our allies [in Punjab] support convicts who have been jailed for corruption?
“They”, Sidhu said, referring to the Badals, “forgot us [BJP], because of whom they are enjoying power in Punjab,” to loud cheers from the crowd.
As for the Congress, Sidhu said, “Congress toh munni se bhi zyaada badnaam hai”, referring to the popular Bollywood item number.
“Guru Gobind Singh said that a man is always known by his word. And here is our [Chief Minister] Bhupinder Hooda, who has never kept his word. The roads here in Dabwali are pathetic. These are such that if a man rides a bike on them with his newly-wed wife, he must keep looking behind to check she hasn’t fallen off the pillion,” Sidhu said, mocking Hooda’s claims of development in Haryana.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is the answer, Sidhu said. “Do you still believe this Congress, do you still have faith in those who are undergoing prison terms on charges of corruption? Ek hi chaand Modi jaisa kaafi hai roshni ke liye, hazaaron taaron se kuchh nahi hoga (a moon like Modi is that you need to remove darkness, this isn’t something even a thousand stars can do).”
Sidhu alleged the Badals had conspired to ensure the defeat of the BJP candidate (Finance Minister Arun Jaitley) in Amritsar in the Lok Sabha elections, despite the two parties having been in an alliance.
“Our allies wanted to target Sidhu in Amritsar, so they ensured the BJP’s defeat in Amritsar. Beware of such people. I will always work for the interests of Punjab, Haryana and all of you. Modi is not PM because he has more wealth than the Ambanis, it is because of the faith that all of you have in him.
“We respect elders,” Sidhu said, “but not those like our allies (Parkash Singh Badal) who are campaigning for corrupt and jailed  politicians”.
Jaitley, Sidhu said, had told him never to compromise on ethics. “But where are the continued…

Suzukis new 1.5 litre diesel engine likely to debut in ErtigaThe introduction of the new engine will allow Maruti Suzuki’s bigger models to take the fight to more powerful diesel engined rivals in their respective segments.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 4:15 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 4:20 pm
The new 800cc twin cylinder diesel engine from Suzuki is said to have reached an advanced stage with and the unit is expected to make it’s debut soon. The unit is based on a modular platform that will spawn two larger units, a 1.6 litre engine for European markets and another under 1,500cc unit for the Indian market to avail excise duty benefits here.
Maruti Suzuki is the biggest car maker in India by a large margin, and has been for a long time now. The introduction of the new engine will allow Maruti Suzuki’s bigger models to take the fight to more powerful diesel engined rivals in their respective segments. Honda, Volkswagen, Ford and Renault already have larger capacity 1.5 litre units doing duty in their cars that rival Maruti models.
It has now been reported that the new 1.5 litre four cylinder turbocharged diesel engine will make it’s debut under the hood of the Ertiga MPV. And is likely to be fitted to the Maruti’s new compact sedan, the Ciaz. As of now, Maruti Suzuki uses the Fiat sourced 1.3 litre MultiJet diesel engine in all it’s diesel cars in the country. Once the new engine makes it here, the company will continue to use the 1.3 litre unit as well to offer a wide choice of engines for different market sections and customers.
Of course, the new engine comes at a time when the petrol and diesel price gap is narrowing and demand for diesel cars have fallen. But Maruti Suzuki has a strong market base in India and the new engine will only help Maruti grow it’s already substantial market share.

Express recipe: How to make Kakrar BhajaKakrar Bhaja
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 4:06 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 4:11 pm
A popular Bengali recipe, Kakrar Bhaja is super-easy to make. So, if you are craving for a crab, here’s what you need to do.
Kakrar Bhaja

http://usat.ly/1txXuwuFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Earnings season begins with dollar in spotlight
The start of the third-quarter earnings season kicks off after the closing bell Wednesday with the bar set low due to Wall Street analysts slashing profit estimates in recent weeks, but with looming headwinds
Post to Facebook
Earnings season begins with dollar in spotlight The start of the third-quarter earnings season kicks off after the closing bell Wednesday with the bar set low due to Wall Street analysts slashing profit estimates in recent weeks, but with looming headwinds Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vNAU7J
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Earnings season begins with dollar in spotlight
Adam Shell, USA TODAY 5:30 p.m. EDT October 7, 2014
A strong dollar affects how much things cost overseas.
(Photo: Bloomberg News)
10 CONNECT 31 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The third-quarter earnings season kicks off on Wall Street Wednesday  with the bar set low due to analysts slashing profit forecasts — but also with looming headwinds in the form of a stronger dollar and slowing growth around the globe.
Aluminum giant Alcoa reports after the bell Wednesday, marking the unofficial start of a roughly six-week onslaught of earnings releases that comes at a time when the stock market has become increasingly turbulent and is exhibiting signs of weakness and increased selling pressure after hitting record highs three weeks ago.
On Tuesday, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 272.52 points, or 1.6%, to 16,719.39, its worst drop since July 31 and leaving it down 3.2% from its Sept. 19 record close of 17,279.74. The declines were driven by a global growth downgrade for 2014 and 2015 by the International Monetary Fund and jitters ahead of the kickoff to earnings season and the release of the minutes of the Federal Reserve's September meeting on interest rates Wednesday.  Stocks have also been weighed down recently by geopolitical fears, the Ebola crisis and a sense the market is vulnerable, with valuations above historical norms after the big runup.
The avalanche of profit reports will give Wall Street a better sense of whether the improving economic growth backdrop in the U.S. is enough to offset economic softness abroad. The forward guidance from corporate CEOs will also provide insight into how big a drag the strengthening dollar will have on U.S. multinational companies that get the bulk of their sales from outside the U.S.
Companies in the benchmark Standard & Poor's 500 index got more than 46% of their sales from abroad in 2013, up from roughly 42% in 2003, says S&P Dow Jones Indices. When the dollar is strong, it makes U.S. products more expensive when purchased in countries with weaker currencies. The dollar rose 8% vs. a basket of foreign currencies in the third quarter, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch. What's more, any profits booked abroad by U.S. companies will shrink when repatriated back home with more expensive dollars.
Wall Street is forecasting profit growth of 6.4% in the third quarter over the same period a year ago, which is down from 8.6% growth in the second quarter of 2014, according to data compiled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The earnings bar, however, has been coming down, as profit growth of 11% was forecast back on July 1. "Analysts have lowered the 'expectations' bar pretty significantly," notes Paul Hickey, co-founder of Bespoke Investment Group.
And while Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank, thinks those lower forecasts are "achievable," which should give stocks a lift, he also warns that the real "threat" to the upcoming earning season will be cautious comments about the future outlook from CEOs.
"It's a double whammy, " says Ablin. "Any CEO guidance to the downside is a risk. That's gonna hit (stocks)."
Since much of the dollar's rise came late in the quarter, it is likely to have "a greater impact on fourth-quarter guidance than third-quarter results," BofA Merrill Lynch equity and quantitative strategist Savita Subramanian said in a report.
Christine Short, analyst at Estimize.com, says companies could use the rising dollar as an excuse for poor earnings. "Beware of companies using this as an excuse, it could become the new 'bad weather,'" she says.
10 CONNECT 31 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vNAU7J

US Cong probe unusual  may add more drug players: PharmAsia02:30 pm
Pharma stocks trade lower after US Congress begins investigation into price hikes of 10 select generic drugs involving 14 generic players - including Sun Pharma ,  Dr Reddy's and Cadila .  CNBC-TV18 spoke to Vikas Dandekar, India Bureau Chief, PharmAsia News.Com to analyse the impact of the move on pharma companies and stocks.
According to Dandekar, the scale of investigation by the US Congress is unprecedented and so 10 drugs and 14 generic companies as of now looks like a representative figure. But going ahead it might just expand and then may encompass a larger number of players, he adds.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: In how much trouble are these three Indian pharmaceutical companies right now?
A: This is something that is unprecedented. Such a scale of investigation is something that I haven’t seen Congress doing. So these 10 drugs and the 14 generic companies as of now looks like a representative figure but it might just expand and then it may encompass a larger number of players.
Q: We are walking into a political arena here as well. The US elections are coming up, health and health cost is a big issue in the US. So how big can this get?
A: Actually this has been in the making. For the last one year I have been seeing stray reports talking about such huge increases. Somebody mentioned about tetracycline a couple of months ago. In fact this has gone completely against what it should have been in terms of pricing actually going down because if the prices are high newer players are supposed to come into their places and reduce prices which has not happened.
Q: Are you making the point that the Congress might have some justification into looking at these price hikes because they are not necessarily explained in all circumstances?
A: Yes, there are some external factors as well. For instance, the distributors have actually consolidated big time in the last two years which should have given them the higher purchasing power which means the pressure on generic companies that have actually not happened.
There was a big lag in constraints in terms of supplies. Companies have actually gone into some more profitable products, some couldn’t supply because of manufacturing issues.
If the foreign direct investments (FDIs) at all are doing any priority reviews to fill up those gaps and a couple of years ago we had the same kind of issue with injectible shortage and therefore, it looks like a replay of that and the price increases have been because of that substantially.
Q: I am looking at the press release put out by the senator and US Congressman involved in this and they have mentioned some of the drugs. For instance Doxycycline Hyclate they said cost USD 20 last October for a bottle of 500 tablets, by April the price was USD 1,849. So these are big moves in price and I am sure they would have benefited the bottom lines of all the companies involved in the manufacture of this. Any punitive action will be a substantial dent?
A: We haven’t seen anything of this sort happening before. It has actually caught the attention now. We don’t know if there is any kind of an FPC plug there because whenever mergers or acquisitions happen, they ask companies to divest and reduce the competitive pressure on others. So this is just the beginning, I am sure this will yield some more hot air. 
RELATED NEWS

The Stevia soda wars
Concern over Sri Lanka arresting fishermen in snag-hit boatsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Markets end lower after a volatile dayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shreejal Info Hubs: Board meeting on Oct 11  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

15 500-15 600 levels possible for Bank Nifty: Ashwani GujralThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bilateral trade between India  S pore rose to SGD 25.5 billionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Centrum Capital Ltd arm acquires 26.15% equity shares of BCB Finance LtdThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FM  RBI to decide on monetary policy framework by DecThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bharat Rasayan: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Oct 08, 2014, 04.42 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bharat Rasayan: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Bharat Rasayan has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 30, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bharat Rasayan: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Bharat Rasayan has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 30, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Bharat Rasayan Ltd  has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 30, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Jindal Cotex: Outcome of AGMOct 08, 2014, 04.41 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Jindal Cotex: Outcome of AGM
Jindal Cotex has informed that the 17th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jindal Cotex: Outcome of AGM
Jindal Cotex has informed that the 17th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Jindal Cotex Ltd has informed BSE that the 17th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Olympic Cards: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 08, 2014, 04.38 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Olympic Cards: Updates on outcome of AGM
Olympic Cards has submitted a copy of the minutes of the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held o September 11, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Olympic Cards: Updates on outcome of AGM
Olympic Cards has submitted a copy of the minutes of the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held o September 11, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Olympic Cards Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held o September 11, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Yes  it is worth investment for any new entrant only.New Member
1 Followers
Why should one put more money in a stock that has prospects after long time (4-5 Years). There are many stupendous and safe scripts like Titan/Asian which will give far better returns and earlier.Its not a bad stock, but putting more money by averaging in it is definitely a bad idea
5.00 PM Oct 8th

Yes sir you are correct!!!i think 7814 we will see either tomorrow or ...New Member
107 Followers
Yes sir you are correct!!!I think 7814 we will see either tomorrow or friday!!!Then we will see relief rally till diwali!!!Then the bear attack to 7600 resumes!!!Am damn sure this expiry would be highly volatile!!!So instead of positional trades, trading with support and resistance level by intraday will be a good strategy!!!Eg. We have seen 100-120 points movement today but nifty moved only 10 points from 7852-7842!!!
5.01 PM Oct 8th

Folowed u gambler7 ji !Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The np of lloyd electric and engineering plus fedders lloyd is more th...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

America s Most (and Least) Educated StatesTweet
The proportion of Americans with a college degree has increased steadily each year for more than a decade. According to the latest U.S. Census data, 29.6% of Americans at least 25 years old had at least a bachelor’s degree last year, up from 27.9% in 2009.
Based on recently released educational attainment data from the U.S. Census Bureau’s American Community Survey, West Virginia had the lowest level of educational attainment, with 18.9% of adults 25 and older having attained at least a bachelor’s degree in 2013. Conversely, more than 40% of Massachusetts residents had at least a bachelor’s degree, the highest percentage nationwide.
Click here to see America’s least educated states
Earnings vary dramatically according to a person’s level of education. According to Holly Yettick, director of the Education Week Research Center, it is very clear that “people with higher levels of educational attainment make more money.” While a typical American adult with less than a high school diploma earned slightly more than $20,000 in 2013, a person with a bachelor’s degree earned more than $50,000.
Varying levels of income and poverty may also help explain the considerable variations in educational attainment between states. According to Sterling Lloyd, senior research associate at the Education Week Research Center, “varying poverty levels, or differences in socioeconomic status among residents in states” are among the major contributors to disparities in educational attainment.
In fact, the median household income in nine of the 10 states with the lowest educational attainment rates was far lower than the national median of $52,250 in 2013. On the other end of the spectrum, the most educated states all had among the highest median household income in the nation.
A number of other factors contribute to a state’s college attainment rate. While it is extremely difficult to measure the impact of policy on a region’s level of education, Lloyd explained that policy makers expect that “efforts to increase financial assistance for students will ultimately result in higher rates of educational attainment.” State policymakers are also attempting to improve college readiness by implementing new curriculum standards and benchmarks for college readiness, Lloyd told 24/7 Wall St.
College attainment levels may also be influenced by a migration effect. Yettick pointed out that areas in Colorado, for example, have excellent college attainment rates but relatively poor high school graduation rates. This may indicate that while a state’s education system may be weak, its job market may be strong, attracting people with college degrees to move to the state.
However, a state may also attract people without college degrees. Yettick mentioned Nevada in particular, which had among the lowest college attainment. According to Yettick, “there are a lot of service jobs, so a lot of people moving into [Nevada] do not have college degrees.”
Yet, strong post-secondary education systems are still very important to states. Lloyd said that higher college graduation rates will make a state “more competitive in attracting companies to locate or relocate,” which is why “you see a lot of governors pushing higher education in their state.” Lloyd further explained that with increasingly mobile infrastructure, the education level of the labor force is among the most important factors a company will consider when deciding where to move.
To identify the most and least educated states in America, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the states with the highest and lowest percentages of residents aged 25 or older with at least a bachelor’s degree in 2013. 24/7 Wall St. also reviewed the percentages of adults who have completed education at each major education level, including high school, college, and graduate programs. In addition, we reviewed poverty rates and median earnings for the various levels of education, as well as statewide poverty rates and median household incomes. All data are from the U.S. Census’ American Community Survey.
These are the most and least educated states in America.

6 steps to creating mobile apps that work for you and your customers0
The company should determine “the processes and workflows in our organization that support” the goal, he said. “If I’m talking about growing revenue, then I’m probably talking about outside and inside sales processes. If I’m talking about efficiencies and cutting costs, I’m probably talking about my manufacturing; my service delivery; my operational side of the business. Step 2 is looking at those workflows, and mapping out what my steps are.”
Step 3: Identify workflow issues
“The most important step in the entire process is No. 3, which is identifying the problems and inefficiencies with those processes,” Bratton said. “Those are the gains that we can get from mobility.
Those problems, especially the meaty ones, soak up extra time, resources, people, money. Those problems are where we want to focus. Hopefully they can articulate that in a detailed manner, such as: ‘My sales people spend 15 percent of their time filling out paper they don’t need to,’ because then I can equate that to a sales cost, or a potential revenue lift if I can free up that 15 percent.”
Step 4: Generate app ideas
“Here’s where we can start talking about technology and getting really excited,” he said. “For the given problems, what are the potential mobile apps that could help solve that? … We don’t ever talk about apps until we know the problem we’re trying to address. Otherwise we end up with (an app on) the corporate directory. We end up with something that just doesn’t add any value to the company.”
Step 5: Calculate the impact of your concepts
“This is calculating the dollars and cents of new revenue potential, or potential cost savings because of efficiencies,” Bratton said.
He said this step sometimes rules out a proposed app. He said that happened with a manufacturing company for which his company did some work.
“Their focus was (to) grow revenue, and we ran through the whole process with them,” he said. “When we got to step 5 … the obvious app wasn’t worth anything. We were able to save them from the trap of building that app because of looking at the numbers.”
Step 6: Score and prioritize your concepts
“Make a list of ... which apps to do first, he said.
“In step 4, we should have generated at least 50 ideas for apps. When we get to step 6, we’re prioritizing that by just rating things on different criteria, (such as) ‘How much retraining is this going to require?’ ‘Do our IT systems have the data necessary to support this?’ The output of that is your prioritized roadmap of dozens of apps, what order to build them in and why. And the ‘why’ means: What am I expecting each one to do for my company?”

The flip side of Big Billion DayUpdated: October 7, 2014 03:28 IST
The flip side of ‘Big Billion Day’
K. T. Jagannathan
economy, business and finance
It was touted as a ‘Big Billion Day’ by Flipkart. At the end of the day, however, it proved a nightmare for many an angry customer.
A combination of ad blitz, deep discounts, limited sale of products and one-day time limit for the offer resulted in a mad rush into the Flipkart site. Not surprisingly, the website crashed within minutes of the sale kicking off at 8 a.m. The lucky ones who managed to get to the site found the products offered had run out of stock. Complaints followed.
Many took to social media sites such as Twitter and Facebook to give vent to their disappointment. Is it a PR disaster? Flipkart doesn’t feel so. Founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal are delighted by the “overwhelming response.” They flash the numbers. A billion hits and $100-million sales in just 10 hours.
(With additional reporting by Mahim Pratap Singh, Sanjay Vijayakumar & Pradeesh Chandran)

India requires holistic infra developmentAmit Kapoor and Sankalp Sharma     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 7, 2014  | 14:43 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
India is an infrastructure-starved country - be it roads, ports, railways, airports, power generation or distribution facilities, irrigation facilities, access to telecom infrastructure or even the very basic housing and sanitation infrastructure. Some people also prefer to call it an implementation deficit. But the terminology makes little difference to the reality one looks at every day.
It is pathetic considering we have completed 67 years post independence and achieved little on the infrastructure front. This is especially visible to residents of urban centers like Gurgaon, which are supposed to be the centers of global business and urban prosperity in the country.
The problem we believe is that we tend to look at infrastructure in silos and not as a concrete whole that is critically important for growth and development of this critical enabler for almost all aspects of our lives.
The need for sustainable infrastructure development can hardly be overstated at this critical juncture when more and more people enter the workforce every year in search of jobs that presents us with a 'demographic dividend'.
One of the key challenges in front of the current government is rapidly developing the country's infrastructure. This is because infrastructure is not only critical for the movement of labour and capital across the length and breadth of the country but also is instrumental in basic development as well as in increasing the speed of doing business. Infrastructure improvements have to be carried out in the following two ways.
First, improvements will have to be undertaken in existing infrastructure be it railway corridors, roads, electricity generation and distribution, ports, airports, dams, irrigation, sanitation, access to telecom and the like.
Secondly, and also equally critically, there should be the creation of new infrastructure in places and areas where there is a plaguing infrastructure deficit. It is true for sectors like sanitation where the country fares poorly even within the South Asian Region (SAR) according to a recent paper by World Bank.
If one compares infrastructure development of the country with stellar successes like China, we find that we have lagged. Consider the development of railroads in China. China had close to 23,000 route km of railways in 1951 compared with the commensurate figure of 53,500 km for India. This was because the country had inherited a colonial past where infrastructure development formed the basis of efficient administration for the British Raj.
According to the latest statistics of World Bank , China has surpassed the country and had close to 66,000 route km of railways compared to 64,000 for India in 2012. Also, China has approximately 10,000 km of high-speed railways (HSRs with speeds of greater than 250 km/hr) - more than the entire HSR network of the European Union. The domestic railroad system does not have a single route km of high-speed rails at present. The best way to look at this would be estimating the gross productivity losses the country faces because of the slow railway system.
The golden quadrilateral was an endeavor that helped India bridge the rural-urban divide. However, till today, national and state highways constitute less than five per cent of the total roads in the country.
Apart from roads, telecom access was another area where we have made progress, but much needs to be done for greater digital inclusion of the masses.
With respect to power generation and distribution, port and airport development as well as dams and irrigation systems, critical areas include innovative financing mechanisms as well as rethinking the role that the private sector can play in enabling their development.
In the present scenario, states will have to be made partners in the infrastructure development process if initiatives like Make in India and Smart Cities are to become a success. Also, a large number of people migrating to cities in search of employment and a better life pose significant challenges to infrastructure development.
Necessities like electricity supply, affordable housing with adequate sanitation facilities, as well as proper roads are major areas of concern, which should be looked into holistically and appropriate policies formed and more importantly, implemented. This should be followed up with monitoring the progress of initiatives in a time bound manner for building a better and more prosperous India.
The policy formulation and public consensus on the same are presently being built. What remains to be seen is, do we have the capability to implement what we have envisaged?
We would severely doubt this considering our past experience and also because the government has changed but the apathetic governance mechanisms exercised by and through the bureaucracy remain the same.
(This article is co-authored with Sankalp Sharma, Senior Researcher at the Institute for Competitiveness, India. Amit Kapoor is Chair, Institute for Competitiveness & Editor of Thinkers. The views expressed are personal.) - IANS

Coal imports surge by 19% in Sept on low stocksCoal imports surge by 19 per cent in Sept on weak prices, low stocks
Krishna N Das     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 7, 2014  | 15:29 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The country's coal imports surged 19 per cent to 16 million tonnes in September from a year ago as fuel-hungry power companies bought coal at lower international prices to bring in much-needed supplies, according to preliminary data from online trader mjunction.
As of September 29, more than half of the country's power plants had only enough coal to run uninterrupted for less than a week, the worst stock level since a crippling blackout in 2012, due to lower output from state-owned Coal India (CIL).
Coal stocks have also been drawn down because the government has asked coal-fired plants to produce more electricity as hydro-electric power has dropped in the past three months due to weak monsoon rains.
"Imports rose mainly due to continued softness in international coal prices, coming up of new plants and slightly lower availability of domestic coal," said Viresh Oberoi, chief executive of mjunction, a joint venture of Tata Steel and the Steel Authority of India (SAIL).
The average price of coal from Indonesia and South Africa fell by 6-9 per cent in September from a year earlier, Oberoi said.
The country's thermal coal imports , used mainly to generate power, rose to 12.95 million tonnes in September from 10.05 million a year earlier.
Imports of coking coal, used in making steel, fell slightly to 2.53 million, said mjunction, whose data is based on the monitoring of vessel positions and figures from shipping firms.
The government does not regularly release coal import data. However, according to mjunction, total inbound coal shipments were 16.12 million tonnes in August.
The inability of Coal India - which accounts for 80 per cent of the country's coal output - to raise production fast enough so as to keep up with demand has made the country the third-largest coal importer despite sitting on the fifth-largest reserves.
(Reuters)

Centre clears 19 proposals in defence sectorNEW DELH, October 7, 2014
Updated: October 7, 2014 21:59 IST
Centre clears 19 proposals in defence sector
PTI
foreign investment
The government, on Tuesday, said it had cleared 19 long-pending defence sector projects, including that of Reliance Aerospace Technologies, Bharat Forge, Mahindra Telephonic Integrated Systems, Tata Advanced Materials and Punj Lloyd.
“Giving a big boost to ‘Make In India’, the Licensing Committee chaired by Secretary, Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP), last week cleared 19 proposals for grant of industrial licence,” the Commerce and Industry Ministry said in a statement.
In addition, applicants in 14 pending cases have been informed that licences were not required anymore as a vast number of defence items have been de-licensed, it added.
“It is expected that clearance of these 33 applications and the deregulation of the defence product list excluding a large number of components from the purview of industrial licensing will provide a major impetus to advanced manufacturing in defence sector,” the statement said.
Many of the 19 proposals have been pending with the government for the last several years.
“It has been possible to approve these cases as consequence of the simplification of the FDI policy,” the Ministry said.
As per the liberalised policy, the FDI cap in defence has raised from 26 per cent to 49 per cent.
It also permitted portfolio investments of up to 24 per cent of the total equity of the investee/joint venture company under automatic route and doing away with requirement of 51 per cent equity ownership by a single Indian investor/company.
India imports up to 70 per cent of its military hardware.

Trumka: We are playing in state legislative races at a level we havent beforeBy Tom Hamburger October 7 Follow @thamburger
Labor has a fresh focus on state legislative races this midterm election year -- and a new emphasis on reaching non-union households, AFL-CIO President Rich Trumka told reporters Tuesday.
Union spending this election cycle is likely to be in the range it was for the last midterm election in 2010: about $250 to 300 million, by some estimates. Trumka said that this year's midterm fight is more local than it has been in the past in part because of gridlock in Washington. In battleground states, labor has focused its efforts on legislative candidates in tight races.
"We are playing in state legislative races at a level we haven't before," he said at a morning roundtable at AFL-CIO headquarters in Washington. "Partly that's because we can get things done -- like increases in the minimum wage -- there that we can't at the federal level."
The AFL-CIO has also stepped up efforts to reach non-union households through a super PAC, Workers' Voice, and the PAC's state-level affiliates. The new organization emerged after the Supreme Court's 2010 Citizen's United decision, which permitted independent political spending by corporations and unions. Before that decision, unions were limited to communicating political messages only to their own members. Now, they are able to communicate with any household -- and in key races, that's what they're doing.
"Our people are getting excited, and its picking up steam," said Trumka Tuesday, offering carefully hedged predictions on the mid-term elections -- and acknowledging that "it took an effort" to get union members and allies motivated this year.
He waved away suggestions that President Obama's low popularity was harming Democrats, repeatedly pointing to the experience of  Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell in Kentucky. "McConnell wanted to run his reelection race by running against Obama, but it isn't working," he said.
Trumka acknowledged seeing conservative messages in battleground races but said the ground game belonged to labor in the states he has visited recently, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Illinois.
"We see conservative efforts in these states on television, with ads," he said. "But I haven't seen much of a ground game. They'll try it, but they are not in it for the long haul. They will fold up the tent after the election."
And he recommended that politicians consider a populist appeal to voters, including tea party Republicans. "There is some convergence," he said. "The tea party people don't like these trade deals -- they think wages should be going up."
Tom Hamburger covers the intersection of money and politics for The Washington Post.

Whats so new about the Islamic States governanceComments
By Megan A. Stewart October 7
The entrance to a museum in Lebanon’s Bekaa Valley that Hezbollah built to commemorate its militants and military victories. Hezbollah has also provided hospitals, schools and welfare services to civilians in Lebanon since the 1980s. (Megan A. Stewart)
As the United States ramps up military activities against the Islamic State, President Obama has claimed that the Islamic State’s rapid accumulation of territory was both unpredictable and a surprise to U.S. intelligence officials. Not only have Islamic State militants beaten back the Iraqi army and consolidated territory throughout Syria and Iraq in a relatively short span of time, the group has also been able to hold this territory and develop a nascent, state-like governing apparatus. As recently as August, the Islamic State provided education , paid municipal salaries, built roads, opened hospitals , maintained electric, trash and sewage services, and even began issuing parking tickets .
Although the militant group’s speed may have been surprising, its ability to hold territory and act like a “state” is hardly unusual. Recently on the Monkey Cage, Aaron Zelin noted that the Islamic State’s social service provision is hardly unique among jihadist groups, and Daveed Gartenstein-Ross and Amichai Magen described the challenges of governance that jihadist groups face (but the Islamic State may be particularly adept at working with civilians , despite access to natural resources, as Ariel Ahram wrote). Yet, jihadist groups are by no means the first or only set of groups to provide social services and face the challenge of rebel governance.
According to new global data I collected for my dissertation on the social service provision by all active insurgent groups from 1945 to 2003, over one-third of insurgencies have provided education or health care to either members of the insurgency or civilians. This trend is fairly consistent with insurgencies across time: As the number of insurgencies began increasing in the 1960s before declining in the mid-1990s, so did the number of insurgencies providing social services.
Regional variation, however, is fairly substantial. In Europe, when excluding conflicts such as the breakup of Yugoslavia, just 15 percent of groups provided education or health care to civilians (when including these conflicts, however, the number jumps to over 30 percent). In the Americas and Africa, 27 percent and 20 percent of insurgencies provided either education or health care to civilians, respectively. In Asia, nearly 46 percent of groups provided some education or health care to civilians.
Although the cause of this regional variation is unclear, three factors may be important: State strength and development in Asia may have been slightly higher than in Africa, making it easier to recruit trained personnel, but lower than in the Americas and Europe, where it would have been more difficult to control territory and set up a competing branch of social service provision; the influence of Mao in Asia and the proximity to China; and the rising prominence of Islamist groups .
What’s particularly interesting is although Communist groups have been thought more likely to provide services than other groups, as Zaccariah Mampilly found, fewer Communist groups have arisen since the end of the Cold War. As the Cold War began to wind down, Islamist groups like Hezbollah and Hamas grew in prominence in the Middle East and in Africa. These groups often possessed a strong sense of dawa, or a call to understand a group’s interpretation of Islam, often through the provision of social services.
Even more striking, of the insurgencies that provided education and health care, nearly 72 percent of insurgencies provided education to civilians, and just over 71 percent of rebel movements provided health care. In other words, if an insurgent group provides social services, they are more likely to offer these services to civilians. Once an insurgency acquired territory, nearly 49 percent would ensure that the civilian population received education or medical care, consistent with recent research on rebel governance.
Why would an insurgent group divert finances and personnel from the insurgency to the civilian population? By providing services, not only does the insurgency lose critical resources, but if it holds territory, it can also become a clear target for the same U.S. airstrikes: The rebel group cannot hide, unless it abandons the territory it has sought to control. Some scholars have argued that social service provision helps attract recruits , or recruits that are more committed to a particular cause are more willing to engage in higher levels of violence. Some groups, such as the Viet Cong in Vietnam, used education as a tool to monitor the population for potential threats. Several insurgent organizations that provided education and health care achieved their goals or received key concessions, such as the Farabundo Martí National Liberation Frontin El Salvador, the People’s Liberation Army in China or the Eritrean People’s Liberation Front; but a systematic link between the two has not yet been determined. However, over 33 percent of groups that achieved outright victory provided education or health care. Moreover, although social service provision may not necessarily predict success, it may stave off failure. The Karen National Union of Burma, for example, which has been active since 1949, is the longest ongoing insurgency in the world and has been developing an incredibly robust education and health care system. While the KNU has not achieved its independent state, it has not ended its over half-century campaign.
What does this mean in terms of U.S. foreign policy? While the Islamic State’s territorial control and social service provision might make it a clear target for airstrikes, it is unclear whether the airstrikes alone will help the United States achieve its military and policy goals. Because the Islamic State has embedded itself so deeply inside the civilian population, it may be difficult to limit the number of civilian casualties. Even if airstrikes are successful, the United States will have to contend with a power vacuum in the areas where Islamic State militants formerly held control. This power vacuum could open up the space for more violent and dangerous insurgents to consolidate control, while placing the health and well being of civilians that relied on the Islamic State’s services at risk. As Andrew Shaver and Gabriel Tenorio point out, the lack of services after the U.S. withdrawal in 2011 has been a major source of discontent in Iraq, and the authors advocate for a counter insurgency strategy that consists of both military action and addressing civilians’ governance needs. Although certainly not the main factor in determining U.S. foreign policy against the group’s threat, the Islamic State’s territorial control and social service provision is certainly an important one.
Megan A. Stewart is PhD candidate in government at Georgetown University. Her dissertation examines the determinants of insurgent public goods provision.

Burwell is bullish on Obamacare as open enrollment nearsBy Jonathan Capehart October 7 Follow @capehartj
President Obama announces the nomination of Sylvia Burwell as the next secretary of Health and Human Services. (Nicholas Kammnicholas/AFP/Getty Images)
Hard to believe that just a year ago, as the nation endured the government shutdown ( thanks, Sen. Ted Cruz! ), HealthCare.gov was melting down . Things are working infinitely better now, but the coming open-enrollment period will bring a new, more rigorous test for President Obama’s signature legislative achievement, the Affordable Care Act. Just don’t call it “Round Two” of Obamacare.
“This is Round One because we never had to have reenrollment and open enrollment together,” Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell told me last week in her spacious sixth-floor office suite, whose design is a chic relic of the 1970s, overlooking Constitution Avenue. In addition to the challenge of getting more people without health insurance covered, Burwell emphasized the need to reenroll as many folks as possible. “All those 7.3 [million who signed up during the initial open enrollment and paid their premiums]? We need them back in,” she said.
Complicating that task is that it all has to be done “in half the time,” Burwell reminded. Because of glitchy.gov last year, the initial open-enrollment period was extended to six months. The upcoming open-enrollment period is three months, from Nov. 15 until Feb. 15.
A woman looks at the HealthCare.gov insurance exchange site last Oct. 1. (Karen Bleierkaren/AFP/Getty Images)
To ensure there is no repeat of last year’s disastrous rollout, Burwell told me that she and her team are testing the hell out of HealthCare.gov’s capabilities. They are looking at how consumers and insurers interact with the Web site. They are testing its security. And they are load-testing the site to see if it can handle the crush of traffic that caused far too many crashes during the last open enrollment. In addition to the importance of testing, Burwell said federal officials learned “that the consumer waits until the last minute.” That has implications not only for messaging but also for site traffic as the Feb. 15 conclusion of the enrollment period approaches. Burwell is confident the mistakes of last year will not be repeated.
Burwell’s résumé is filled with public-sector and private-sector experience . She held various positions in the Clinton administration, including deputy director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). She had the top job under Obama. Before taking that job, Burwell was the president of the Walmart Foundation and was once the chief operating officer at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. All this explains why a conversation with Burwell about the ACA is a series of lists.
When it comes to measuring the success of the ACA, Burwell said, “[T]here are really three fundamental ways with regard to the Affordable Care Act and that is quality, access and affordability.”
While everyone is focused on the 7.3 million people who have signed up for health care and paid their premiums, Burwell said, “[W]hat I believe should be the real access measure is actually the uninsured because that’s the problem you’re trying to solve.” The National Health Interview Survey released last month showed that the number of insured Americans dropped 8 percent to 41 million.On quality, Burwell believes “that’s probably the place where progress will take a little longer.” But she was quick to note, “[W]e are already seeing 150,000 fewer readmissions .”
As for affordability, Burwell broke down that category into “three different tiers: the government, the private sector and the individual.” The secretary pointed to the “$116 billion that’s been saved in Medicare spending between 2009 and 2012 compared to what it would have been had 2000-2008 trends continued” and “the Congressional Budget Office now estimates that federal spending on Medicare and Medicaid in 2020 will be $188 billion below what it projected as recently as August 2010.” For the private sector, Burwell highlighted “the decreasing growth that we’ve seen in health care costs overall and what that means to the bottom line.” And for individual affordability, she pointed to the $11.5 billion Medicare recipients saved through the closing of the prescription-drug doughnut hole and the requirement that insurance companies spend 80 percent of health care premiums on actual care.
(Courtesy The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation)
Burwell’s overall goals for the agency are a four-point list.
Make sure the marketplace is working;
Make progress on dollars-well-spent and quality in the health-care space;
Continue the expansion of Medicaid;
Make sure people know how to use the health care they are receiving, both in terms of their overarching wellness and how they can access things that help them in terms of affordability.
For many Americans, the only way they could get health insurance is through the expansion of Medicaid. Right now, only 27 states and the District of Columbia have expanded Medicaid. Burwell was happy about Pennyslvania’s recent move to do so. “That’s another potential 500,000 people who are uninsured who could get insurance,” she said. Yesterday, I showed how states not expanding Medicaid hobble the fight against HIV/AIDS because some of those states are also home to some of the highest concentrations of HIV infections and those living with HIV/AIDS.
Burwell was upbeat about her efforts to get the remaining 23 states to expand Medicaid. “It is my experience, both in governing and many years ago when I did campaigns, that actually substance drives politics,” she said. “The facts are this is working. The facts are we have slowed health-care cost growth. The facts are the quality of your care whether you’re employer-based or whether you’re uninsured is better.”
At one point during our 30-minute conversation, I asked Burwell if it was frustrating to be peppered with “all these ideological, partisan questions.” She said no because it’s part of the dynamic, but added, “I really want us to move beyond the politics.” Saying that the ACA had become “an ideological lightning rod,” Burwell said, “I just think the American people deserve for us to move beyond that.
“If we can start with the fact that people believe people should have access. People believe you should have affordability and people should have quality. Okay, can we just start where we agree and then start moving through?”
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

A guide to Metro architectureConcrete arches made up of rows of bathtub-shaped indentations, high above dim underground platforms — those form most of our mental images of Metro stations.
See that arch? That’s the “waffle” style, shown here at the Navy Yard station. (Robert Thompson)
But what about those stations on the Red Line where the indentations don’t cover the entire arch? Why do the shelters over the outdoor platforms have a different shape in Alexandria than the rest of the system? And what’s up with the Arlington Cemetery stop, which looks totally different from all the others?
Greater Greater Washington has put together a comprehensive guide to the 11 subtly different architectural styles of Metro stops, and the six stops that don’t fit any of the 11 patterns. Click here for a complete lesson.
Julie Zauzmer is a local news reporter.

Wall St. ends lower after weak German dataS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Choosing Smart Reference Groups Can Improve Outcomes and How We Feel about Themreddit
As an avid runner new to New York, running in Central Park has become a constant conversation topic for me. My colleague Shi Liu recently mentioned an interesting phenomenon: in the morning, runners seem to be a lot more physically in shape than runners in the afternoon. Reporting on her experience running at various times, Shi (a keen and ambitious average runner) reported feeling demotivated but running faster in the morning and feeling more motivated but running slower in the afternoon. Notwithstanding differences in her physiology, we both wondered: What gives rise to her disparate feelings? Why does she feel worse when she is performing better but better when she is performing worse? And more importantly, how can she feel better and run better?
Here, I argue that reference groups, or whom we compare ourselves to, can be a powerful influencing force that affects both our emotions and our performance. Rather than just reacting to the forces of reference groups imposed upon us, I believe that developing a good understanding of the impact of reference groups can be advantageous. Additionally, by selecting multiple reference groups within the same environment, we can create our own set of comparisons to proactively create situations in which we can achieve greater levels of both performance and satisfaction.
The environment matters in our comparisons of ourselves to others, which have important psychological consequences. This tendency has even permeated our use of language, reflected in such idioms as 'keeping up with the Joneses' and 'the grass is always greener on the other side'. In my own experience, walking down Fifth Avenue in New York (with one of the highest median incomes in the country) can leave me feeling like an impoverished grad student, whereas roaming the streets of the South Bronx (with one of the lowest median incomes in the country) instills feelings of humility and gratitude for the regular income provided by my stipend. In a similar vein, a recent study showed that the body type of a dining partner or people dining nearby influences how much we serve ourselves and how much we actually eat. In particular, in the presence of an overweight diner, we are more likely to serve ourselves and eat more unhealthy foods and fewer healthy foods.
Likewise, consider this example from the Houston airport: Some years ago, passengers were frequently complaining about the long waits at baggage claims . Even when the airport executives increased the number of baggage handlers, thus reducing the average wait to just eight minutes (well within industry benchmarks), the number of complaints did not wane. A more in-depth look revealed that because the walk between the gate and the baggage claim was very short, passengers waited for roughly 88 percent of their time in the airport. In response, the airport increased the length of the walk by moving the arrival gates away from the main terminal and routing bags to the outermost carousel. Complaints dropped to near zero, as the occupied time (walking to baggage claim) felt shorter than the unoccupied time (waiting at baggage claim). Clearly, how the makeup of our environment is designed influences whom we compare ourselves to (whether other waiting passengers, overweight diners, or individuals with higher/lower incomes). But is there a role for agency? What can we do to influence how we feel in different environments?
How we perform and how we feel about our performance largely depend on what we infer adequate behavior to be in different contexts. However, the environment is not the only determinant of what we judge adequate behavior to be -- our attention to what is 'good' and what is 'bad' behavior is also critical. For example, in one study, Bob Cialdini and colleagues found that seeing other people litter in a dirty environment increased individuals' likelihood of littering because it provided them with a justification for why littering in this context is acceptable ("If she does it and everyone else seems to do it, it must be fine for me as well"). However, when individuals' attention was drawn to someone else littering in a clean environment, thus revealing a violation of the norm, individuals were less likely to litter than in a clean environment without anyone littering. That is, when deciding whether to litter after observing someone else littering in a clean environment, individuals were more likely to have the social norm at the front of their mind and thus acted more in line with it. In sum, though the environment can influence which reference groups we choose, it is whom we ultimately focus on in the environment that significantly affects how we behave and feel about our behavior.
The company Opower utilizes this phenomenon, namely that both our environment and whom we focus on in our environment can drive our reference groups and subsequently our behavior and feelings. Opower provides consumers with 'Home Energy Reports', which present their energy usage in comparison to two groups: their 'average' neighbors and 'efficient' neighbors. In providing these references, individuals can assess how much they are consuming and set expectations for what constitutes 'good' behavior based on their efficient neighbors. Similar to the running example, being compared to a more efficient group can motivate behavior, driving individuals to save more energy. At the same time, Opower aims to minimize the negative impact of this experience by providing a social comparison to another group, or average neighbors. When individuals perform better than this group, they receive positive confirmation in the form of a smiley face with the word 'Good' printed in green. Thus, upon receiving the Home Energy Report, individuals' attention is drawn to both what 'good' behavior constitutes (the efficient neighbors' behavior) and the possibility of a positive comparison (with the average neighbors).
Though the environment can have a major influence on our behavior by pre-selecting which reference group we compare our behavior to, there are always multiple possible reference groups available to choose from. By being aware of and consciously guiding our attention toward other, less-apparent possible references, we can guide our behavior and feelings. That is, if our aim is to motivate our performance, we should select a reference group whose performance is better than our own, even though this can induce negative feelings. Likewise, if our aim is to improve how we feel, we should select a reference group whose performance is worse than our own, even though this can weaken our performance. As an alternative, I propose that we adopt multiple reference groups, one above and one below, to offset the negative consequences of selecting either. In this way, instead of just reacting to externally imposed reference groups, we can have far more autonomy over shaping our own reference groups. For Shi, my colleague in the opening example, this could mean looking for the fewer low-performing runners while running in the morning and focusing on the fewer high-performing runners while running the afternoon. Rather than seeing the forest for the trees and inferring that good behavior is based on what the environment and the people in it draw our attention to, I believe that we can focus our minds to see the trees for the forest, recognizing that multiple reference groups exist and selecting those that can help us achieve the best emotional and performance outcomes.
Follow Jon Jachimowicz on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jonj
More:

Partial profits should be taken on short trades: Sukhani07 October 2014
Tuesday
October blues for Nifty; benchmark index falls after five day holiday-banks continue to underperform, initial target of 7850 for Nifty decline is reached today
Trend is down in Bank Nifty. The index has seen a down move and closes below the last swing low. Sector is underperforming the Nifty. CNX IT trade very choppy and volatile today. Below the support comes at 11250. Trend is up in IT sector.
We have GOLD MINI in METAL SECTION. Trend is down and prices are trading inside a range. A move beyond this range may give us a trading opportunity. We have OIL in Sector Focus. Long Term Trend is up and prices are trading inside a range at its top. Stock in focus includes IRB, MOTHERSUMI, SUNTV and NTPC. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss GBP INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

After big day  Flipkart  Snapdeal  Amazon all set for Diwali super saleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Three kids go missing from India Gate every day  say policeKids go missing from India Gate every day
Karn Pratap Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 10:06 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 17:20 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
Situated in the heart of Lutyens’ Delhi — one of the most secured places in the city in terms of police deployment, India Gate has emerged as one of the most unsafe places for children. Three kids go missing from near the monument every day.
India Gate lawns and Rajpath are the most visited sites in the city. On weekends and holidays, these spots see a footfall of over 10,000 people in a day.
Read: Jahnvi turns mascot for campaign to trace missing children
Police said they were working on a new security plan for the VIP zone, clarifying that most of children who go missing are either rescued or return on their own.
In the wake of the alleged kidnapping of three-year-old Jhanvi from India Gate, the police have decided to launch a verification drive for hawkers operating around India Gate and Rajpath. The force has vowed to make India Gate a crime-free tourist spot.
The police will issue identity cards to registered hawkers who will be allowed to run their business from permitted spots around India Gate and Rajpath. Sources said the step had been taken on the Union home ministry’s instructions.
“The identity cards will be issued only to registered hawkers. Before issuing cards, we will verify the background of the hawkers. Anybody not carrying an ID card will not be allowed to sell anything,” said a senior police officer.
The officer said it would help them prepare a database of hawkers operating around India Gate. The registered hawkers will also be used as the ‘eyes and ears’ of the police.“If any child goes missing or is kidnapped from the vicinity of India Gate, these hawkers can provide us important leads. We will organise a meeting with registered hawkers and ask them to join our campaign to make India Gate and an eye on suspicious people,” the officer added.
Apart from issuing identity cards to hawkers, the police have planned to increase the number of CCTV cameras installed near India Gate. Currently, there are only 40 CCTVs installed there. But most of them provide very poor feed in terms of picture quality. Hazy pics make it difficult for the police to identify people.
“We will install as many as 300 CCTV cameras around India Gate and Rajpath. As many as 150 CCTVs will be installed in the first phase. The remaining cameras will be installed in the second and third phase. A control room to monitor CCTV footage will be set up,” the officer said.

As a result  Yum Brands has loweredKFC owner Yum cuts profit outlook on China food scare
Yum Brands is the largest foreign restaurant chain operator in China and runs more than 6,400 outlets
Foreign brands sought as China's food scares bite
Yum Brands, the US owner of fast food chains KFC and Pizza Hut, cut its full-year profit forecast after a second food scare hurt its sales in China.
The firm now expects earnings per share to increase up to 10% this year, compared to its previous projection for growth of at least 20%.
The revised projection comes as sales in China slumped 14% in the last quarter, after a former supplier was accused of selling expired meat.
Yum shares closed 2.3% lower in the US.
Yum runs more than 6,400 restaurants in China, making it the largest foreign restaurant chain operator in the country.
China is also Yum's biggest market - it makes about 75% of its revenue from its operations there.
Its profit more than doubled to $404m (£251m) in the last three months, which was higher than analyst estimates.
However, revenue missed forecasts, falling 3.2% in the third quarter to $3.35bn.
Yum said the latest food scare had "shaken consumer confidence and impacted brand usage".
"While sales are rebounding, they continue to be negative," Yum said in a statement.
"It is difficult to confidently forecast the exact trajectory of China sales. In our experience, sales typically take six to nine months to recover from these types of events."
Food scares
KFC has seen sales in China slump after two high-profile food scares involving its suppliers
There have been a range of food scares in China in recent years, ranging from tainted milk to gutter oil being recycled and sold.
As a result, Chinese consumers have traditionally flocked to Western restaurants such as KFC because they were deemed safer to eat at.
However, two food scares - the first in December 2012 - and a bird flu outbreak have hurt Yum's profits.
Earlier this year, it cut ties with meat supplier Shanghai Husi and its parent company, OSI Group, after a local television report accused it of altering expiration dates and selling old meat.
Yum said it would take legal action against both companies.
The US-based fast-food giant has also been struggling to maintain market share in its home country, and has unveiled new menu options at Taco Bell to attract consumers.
Its Pizza Hut brand has also resorted to offering large discounts.
Yum is now looking to expand into emerging markets in Latin America and Africa. This year, it opened its first KFC outlets in Bolivia and its first Pizza Hut in South Africa.
On its website, Yum says it has opened over five new restaurants per day outside of the US.
More on This Story

RIL Gains; Barclays Upgrades to  OverweightReliance Industries gained 0.5 per cent on Wednesday. Barclays upgraded the stock to "overweight" from "equal weight" and said it expects earnings to more than double in the subsequent five years starting second half of FY16.
The brokerage added RIL valuations are reasonable relative to historical average and global peers.
Reliance traded at 10.7 times of 1-year forward earnings, Thomson Reuters StarMine data showed.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Kerala: 9 convicted in moral police murder casePrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 8, 2014 11:57 am
A district sessions court in Kerala on Wednesday found nine persons guilty in connection with a sensational ‘moral police murder case’.
The case pertained to the brutal murder of a youth named Shahid Bava, 27, a native of Kodiyathur village in Kozhikode in 2011. Bava had an affair with a woman in his village, but a group of youths in the region were irked over their relation.
According to prosecution, on the night of November 10, 2011, while Bava was returning from the house of the woman, a group of 15 men pounced on him with sticks and iron rods. A seriously injured Bava died the next day.
Police had probed for the involvement of extremist elements in the incident, but nothing was revealed to that angle.
Police had arrested 14 persons, while one of the accused is still absconding. On Wednesday, the district sessions court in Kozhikode found nine of them guilty, but acquitted four others. The quantum of punishment will be pronounced later.

has called for a meeting of shareholdersRangers International Football Club plc
("Rangers" or the "Company")
Notice under Section 303 of the Companies Act 2006
The Company announces that it has received a notice dated 7 October 2014 from Mike Ashley, a director of MASH Holdings Limited ("MASH") under Section 303 of the Companies Act 2006. The notice states that MASH holds 4,265,000 Ordinary Shares of 1p each in the Company amounting to 5% of the voting rights of the Company.
MASH requires the Company to call a general meeting of the Shareholders of the Company and to put certain resolutions to Shareholders for inclusion in the business at such a general meeting of the Company (the "Notice").  The Notice puts forward resolutions for the removal of Graham Wallace and Philip Nash as directors of the Company. The Company is currently verifying that the Notice is properly constituted.  If valid, the Board intends to seek to have such Notice withdrawn in order to avoid the cost and disruption of an ad hoc general meeting particularly given the Company's forthcoming Annual General Meeting, further details of which will be announced in due course. 
The Board is united in its support of the executive team.  If the Notice is valid and is not withdrawn, the Directors intend to recommend that Shareholders vote against the proposed resolutions.  A further announcement will be made shortly.
For further information please contact:
 
Rangers International Football Club plc
Graham Wallace

Through his company  MASH HoldingsNewcastle owner Mike Ashley takes Rangers stake to almost 9%
By Richard Wilson BBC Scotland
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley has been confirmed as the buyer of 4.26m shares in Rangers International Football Club, more than doubling his stake.
The shares were sold by Hargreave Hale on Tuesday to French bank BNP Paribas, but an announcement to the Stock Exchange revealed that the transaction was completed on Ashley's behalf.
The £850,000 purchase of shares means he now holds an 8.92% stake in RIFC.
But he is limited to no more than 10% by an agreement with the Scottish FA.
The governing body has a rule that no individual holds stakes in two clubs, but compromised, while applying limitations, when Ashley was brought into RIFC as a shareholder by previous chief executive Charles Green.
BBC Scotland's Chris McLaughlin
"There has been much talk of Mike Ashley selling Newcastle but he has said recently that he is going nowhere until the end of next season at the earliest. It does appear he is turning his attention further north, though. He is now the second largest shareholder with just under 9%. He already owns the naming rights to Ibrox and has the deal to sell the shirts. This is Ashley making his move to have influence at boardroom level."
Ashley, who is now the second largest shareholder in RIFC behind Laxey Partners who hold 16%, declined to buy shares in the open offer made to existing shareholders last month.
His stake was then diluted to 3.69%, but the stake he bought from Hargreave Hale, at 20p per share, was larger than the number of shares he could have bought in the open offer.
The BBC has also learned that during negotiations to provide a loan to the club last month, which would have prevented the need to hold the open offer, Ashley sought control of Rangers' trademark rights. This was declined by the directors, although a company called Rangers Retail Rights Limited was incorporated on 9 September 2014, with Ashley among the three directors.
If Ashley had participated in the open offer, the club would have received around £840,000, but instead he spent a little more than £850,000 buying Hargreave Hale's shares. The Rangers board are currently trying to raise funds, with RIFC unlikely to be able to pay December's wages.
Ashley also announced last month that he will not consider selling Newcastle until the end of next season at least. This is expected to remain the case, unless an offer substantially higher than the club's market value is received.
Former Rangers director Dave King wants a controlling stake at Ibrox
While the SFA has its own rules on dual ownership, the Premier League in England does not. The Football League does, though, along with Uefa, which means that if Ashley sought to increase his stake further - by challenging the SFA's stance in the courts - and Newcastle were relegated, or both Newcastle and Rangers qualified for Europe in future seasons, he would face further problems.
If Ashley did seek to raise his stake in Rangers, particularly if he was presented as the only viable option to the club's funding crisis, the SFA board would need to vote on the matter. Ashley is not the sole possible solution, though, since Dave King and investors aligned with the former Rangers director want to invest in RIFC in return for a controlling stake.
The Englishman already owns the naming rights of Ibrox Stadium and a commercial agreement over the club's retail sales through his Sports Direct company. The Sons of Struth fan group has already raised the prospect of boycotting his stores to try to persuade him to rescind the naming rights agreement.
Also related to this story

Haryana elections: Leaderless BJP  confident Chautalas  hopeful Hooda & kingmaker in waiting Bishnoi40
0
The BJP which was confident of coming to power in Haryana on its own seems to be worried after ground reports suggest a very tough fight in the October 15 Assembly elections. The BJP is contesting all 90 Assembly seats on its own after its former ally Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC) decided to go solo. Immediately after its huge success in the Lok Sabha elections, the BJP started its Mission 45 campaign in Haryana. The halfway mark is 45 in Haryana.
In the Lok Sabha election, the BJP was leading in 52 Assembly seats. But, most of the BJP Lok Sabha candidates won because of the Narendra Modi wave which swept the state.
According to political analysts, the ground situation has changed in the state in the last four months and the BJP is no longer a formidable force it was during the recent Lok Sabha elections.
the BJP has no local face to counter Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda of the Congress, Chautalas of the INLD and Kuldip Bishnoi of the HJC.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #bjp #congress #inld
Local issues are dominating the election and the BJP has no local face to counter Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda of the Congress, Chautalas of the INLD and Kuldip Bishnoi of the HJC.
The HJC is likely to eat into BJP votes in at least three districts - Hissar, Sirsa and Karnal. If the BJP takes away some of the HJC votes, it may finally benefit the INLD or the ruling Congress.
The BJP's ally in neighbouring Punjab, the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) is backing the INLD in Haryana. Chief Minister Hooda is banking on the creation of a separate Gurdwara Prabhandak Committee for Haryana for the Sikh votes.
The Dera Sacha Sauda which has a huge influence in Haryana has decided not to back any political party, this time.
The BJP has a long list of chief ministerial aspirants in Haryana. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj's younger sister Vandana Sharma who is making her debut from Safidon is also one of the frontrunners for the post of CM. Besides her, BJP's youth leader from Rohtak Captain Abhimanyu who is contesting from Narnaund is also in the race for post of chief minister. There are at least half a dozen other aspirants in the race for the post of CM.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been extensively campaigning for the party across Haryana. The response to his public meeting at Faridabad was very good and at many places it has been average.
Congress:
After the initial shocks the ruling Congress seems to be giving a good fight to both the BJP and the INLD in the state. Hooda has been extensively campaigning for the party talking about his achievements in the last 10 years. He is attacking Modi calling him a weak Prime Minister, who is good only at fooling the people. On the other hand Modi is attacking Hooda on the issue of Sonia Gandhi's son in law Robert Vadra's land deals in Haryana.
Even though the Congress is not a united house, the party is trying its best to retain the power. According to some insiders Kuldip Bishnoi of the HJC has already clinched a deal with the Congress and he may help Hooda by splitting the anti-Congress votes and pro-BJP votes in as many as 25-30 assembly seats. Sonia Gandhi has already campaigned in Haryana. Rahul Gandhi is expected to campaign this week.
INLD:
Om Prakash Chautala, who is out on bail, has been campaigning and violating the bail conditions. He has even told the voters that he would take oath as the chief minister from his jail cell, if his party comes to power. His son Abhay Chautala and daughter-in-law Nayna Singh Chautala are also contesting in the polls. Chautala is playing a sympathy card and blaming the Congress for his jailing.
The backing of the SAD is also helping the INLD to some extent. Local political observers feel that Chautala is hoping that he may return to power like N Chandrababu Naidu in Andhra Pradesh, who returned to power after 10 years in the political wilderness.
HJC:
The HJC led by Bhajan Lal's son and former MP Kuldip Bishnoi is not in the fray to come to power on its own. Bishnoi is also aware of the weaknesses of his sub-regional party. But, he wants to be a kingmaker. He is hoping that the voters of Haryana will deliver a badly fractured mandate which makes him a kingmaker. According to the people close to him, he is eyeing the post of Deputy Chief Minister and ready to go with both the BJP and the Congress in case of a hung assembly.
Fringe political parties led by Gopal Kanda and Venod Sharma are also expected to eat into anti-Congress votes in some parts of Haryana.
The political pundits are reluctant to make any prediction this time. Even the betting rackets have decided not to accept any bets on Haryana and Maharashtra elections. It clearly indicates the level of confusion in the minds of people.
1

Shares of oil firms surge after Brent falls to 27-month lowShares of oil companies surge after Brent falls to 27-month low
Abhishek Vishnoi        Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 12:57 IST
Photo: Reuters
Shares of oil companies surged on Wednesday after Brent fell to 27-month low on global growth, oil glut concerns.
Refiners benefitted from lower oil because of higher margins, while explorers benefitted from reduced subsidy burdens.
Hindustan Petroleum shares surged 4.22 per cent, while shares of Indian Oil rose 3.51 per cent and Bharat Petroleum 2.86 per cent.
Shares of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation gained 5.85 per cent, while Oil India was trading 0.37 per cent higher on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) at 12:30 pm.
(Reuters)

For a Bit Today  He Was Anil Ambani  Street CleanerYou are here: Home Nation
For a Bit Today, He Was Anil Ambani, Street Cleaner
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 08, 2014 17:13 (IST)
Mumbai: One of the country's richest businessmen, Anil Ambani, swept part of a Mumbai road near the Church Gate station today, as he joined Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Clean India campaign.
 
The PM tweeted, "Wonderful effort by Shri Anil Ambani, who cleaned the area around Churchgate Station in Mumbai along with his friends. #MyCleanIndia."
Wonderful effort by Shri Anil Ambani, who cleaned the area around Churchgate Station in Mumbai along with his friends. #MyCleanIndia
- Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 8, 2014
 
Mr Ambani, 55, the chairman of the Reliance Group, was among nine eminent Indians tagged by PM Modi last week when he launched the five-year mission to remove litter from public places.
 
The PM asked his nominees to tag others - Mr Ambani's selection includes superstar Amitabh Bachchan and sports icons Mary Kom and Sania Mirza.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 12:40 (IST)

Maharashtra politics  Mr Clean: is Prithviraj Chavan sitting prettyComments
Former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan should credit his comfortable position in Karad South Assembly constituency to the ‘primary’ education in politics he has had under his father Anandrao and mother Premila, who held a parliamentary seat in the region for many decades.
Advertisement
Winning the first Assembly elections handsomely is crucial for the sole face of the Congress which, so far, sought votes in the name of the Gandhi family.
Locked in a four-way fight, Chavan has consolidated his position against a strong Congress rebel, who refused to contest as the NCP candidate, but enjoys tacit understanding with NCP’s Ajit Pawar.
Chavan does not consider the BJP and Shiv Sena’s candidates as serious threats. He is confident that his truce, albeit temporary, with local satraps will ensure his victory.
Most people claim his 44-month stint as CM has changed the rural-urban face of the constituency. “Villages get 24x7 drinking water supply, we have good roads and a housing colony for the police. We must give him and Congress five more years for developing the state further,” said Mansing Pawar, 55, a Karad resident.
Chavan’s opponent, sitting MLA Vilaskaka Patil Undalkar, claimed people want him to lead them again. “Imported people don’t work efficiently. I have made my constituency a role model for development. No leader can claim he did everything in 44 months. I’m here for 35 years even while other parties [the NCP] won all other seats,” he said.
Shiv Sena has fielded Dr Ajeenkya Patil, chairman of DY Patil Group, against Chavan. He is the son of the current Bihar governor, Dr DY Patil.
The BJP has fielded Atul Bhosale, yet another Congress rebel in the fray, who had lost in Karad North in 2009.
Plots and subplots unfold as you trace roots to a tussle between Prithviraj, 68, and Undalkar,78.
Their rivalry dates back to the times of Chavan’s parents’ regime. Congress insiders said Undalkar belongs to the clan of Congress loyalists, who did not like Yashwantrao Chavan’s move to get Anandrao, a Peasants and Workers Party’s leader, in to the Congress fold six decades ago.
In 1980, Undalkar replaced six-time MLA Yashwantrao Mohite, another PWP leader the ex-deputy PM had brought to the Congress, in Karad South. He remained undefeated mainly because of the rural base made strong through sugar cooperatives.
The tussle with Chavan intensified after the latter returned to the state as CM in 2010.  Undalkar accused Chavan of sending his son to jail on charges of murder.
“Baba [Chavan’s nickname] did not really look back ever since he took over as the CM in 2010. He has ensured overall development of the constituency in mere 44 months,” said Indrajit Mohite, son of Yashwantrao Mohite, who is handling the ex-CM’s campaign.
Another factor sets Prithviraj apart is that he is not associated with business of commercialising education, sugar factories, private or cooperatives, and milk societies that are accused of exploiting the general public and farmers.
In his speeches, Chavan has chosen to ignore Undalkar. “People are fed up of inefficiency. They want change and development, and hence I’m seeking five more years from them,” he told HT.

The Register tech site blamesAdaptable System Recovery (ASR) for Linux virtual machines
Analysts have suggested the collapse of sapphire glass manufacturer GT Advanced Technologies may have been caused by a "breakdown" in relations with Apple.
The iThing giant appeared to be determined to use the scratch-resistant wonder material in its new iPhones and the Apple Watch, but those plans were thrown into doubt on Monday when GT filed for bankruptcy protection .
Life was looking pretty peachy for GT until Apple unveiled the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus – and neither used sapphire glass. Investors began to worry and GT filed for bankruptcy protection. Its stock plummeted by $10.25, sliding by almost 93 per cent down to just 80 cents.
GT reportedly received a $350m loan to help build a sapphire glass factory in Mesa, Arizona. Pavel Molchanov, an energy analyst at Raymond James, said it made just $31m in the first half of 2014 from its secondary business, solar panels.
“This would be a major liability and GT is in no position to write a $350 million check,” he opined
Gilford Securities‘s Nimal Vallipuram speculated on Tech Trader Daily: "While [the bankruptcy filing] is utterly unexpected we believe this is tied to possibly Apple requesting prepayment of some loans due to GTAT [GT Advanced Technologies] not meeting performance targets related to sapphire manufacturing.
"When Apple announced its new products on September 9, it was clear that GTAT might have to revise down their revenues from sapphire in 2014 as sapphire was used in watches and not in phones. But even after accounting for this, this outcome is radical and totally unanticipated."
There are still question-marks surrounding this explanation of events, he added.
"What we do not understand is why the two companies did not restructure the agreement to buy some time for GTAT and how did this relationship potentially breakdown to this extent," the analyst continued.
"As a result we are forced to suspend our rating as we try our best to decipher this situation. We will be doing just that in next few days and weeks to untie this knotty issue to find the underlying reason for this action by the company."
Let's hope his analysis is tighter than his prose. Canaccord Genuity‘s Jonathan Dorsheimer also suggested that Cupertino had coshed GT.
"We believe the bankruptcy signals a failure by GT to meet its own objectives with Apple, which we believe will likely weigh on the company’s ability to remain a sapphire equipment or material provider going forward," Dorsheimer said.
"Given the indebtedness, it is unclear to us what will become of the Mesa, Arizona, facility and GT as a going concern." ®

Mobile e-shopping to cross $2 bn 2016 globally: GartnerOct 08, 2014, 04.33 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mobile e-shopping to cross $2 bn 2016 globally: Gartner
According to Gartner, by year-end 2015, mobile digital assistants will have taken on tactical mundane processes such as filling out names, addresses and credit card information.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mobile e-shopping to cross $2 bn 2016 globally: Gartner
According to Gartner, by year-end 2015, mobile digital assistants will have taken on tactical mundane processes such as filling out names, addresses and credit card information.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
By year-end 2016, more than USD 2 billion online shopping will be performed exclusively by mobile digital assistants, says a Gartner study.
In its latest report, IT research firm Gartner has revealed its top predictions for IT organizations and users for 2015 and beyond. The predictions examine a shift in the age old relationships between man and machine due to the emergence of digital business.
“For some time now, there has been an ongoing shift in the roles machines play in our everyday lives," said Daryl Plummer, vice president, Distinguished Analyst and Gartner Fellow, adding, “Machines are taking on more human characteristics in order to affect a more personalized relationship with human beings and we find ourselves contemplating a near-term future of a world in which machines and humans are co-workers, and possibly even co-dependents.”
According to its prediction, by year-end 2015, mobile digital assistants will have taken on tactical mundane processes such as filling out names, addresses and credit card information. Even fixed events such as grocery replenishment will be common and will build trust for “these type of assistants to take on more”, it says.
By year-end 2016, the Gartner study expects more complex purchase decisions such as back-to-school backpacks and chained events such as scheduling: a highly rated, date-type movie along with dinner and car pick up on an anniversary will be easily achievable.
It predicts yearly autonomous mobile assistant purchasing to reach USD 2 billion annually, representing about 2.5 percent of mobile users trusting assistants with USD 50 a year. “Digital assistants will be on multiple platforms, but mobile will be the most accessible, adopted device for digital assistants and will be the killer application by year-end 2016,” the report says.
By 2017, it expects the US customers' mobile engagement behaviour to drive mobile commerce revenue (in US) to 50 percent of the country’s digital commerce revenue.
The increasingly powerful smartphones and tablets, and the correspondingly rich and powerful applications available for each, enable consumers and business customers to interact seamlessly with companies, content and commerce experiences at virtually all stages of the purchase process would be a possibility, the report says.
As device manufacturers and application developers improve usability and functionality and address users' security concerns, devices will become even more of an essential tool for customers, the report adds.
RELATED NEWS

US Congress probes Indian pharma majors for drug price hikeUS Congress probes Indian pharma majors for drug price hike
Digbijay Mishra | New Delhi Oct 08, 2014 02:02 PM IST
In a first of its kind, the US Congress has initiated an investigation on price hike of ten generic drugs, which includes Indian pharma majors such as Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's and Cadila among the 14 pharmaceutical companies under scanner.
The US Congress has pointed out price hikes to the tune of 390-8,200% across ten products and has asked the fourteen generic drug makers to submit detailed information regarding price hikes undertaken for these particular generic drugs.
“We are conducting an investigation into the recent staggering price increases for generic drugs used to treat everything from common medical conditions to life-threatening illnesses,”  the letter to the fourteen drug companies mentioned.
For instance here's a letter to Sun Pharma, “We are writing to your company to request information about the escalating price it has been charging for three drugs: Divalporex Sodium ER, Doxycycline Hyclate and Albuterol sulfate, which are used to prevent migranes,and treat certain types of seizures to treat a variety of  infections and to treat asthma and other conditions of the lung , respectively. According to data provided by the Healthcare Supply Chain Association (HSCA) the average prices charged for these drugs have increased as much as 736% for Diavalporex Sodium ER, 8281% for Doxycycline Hyclate and 4014% for Albuterol sulfate from October 2013 to to April 2014. Over the time period, the average market price went up by as much as $735 for Diavalporex Sodium ER, $1,829 for Doxycycline Hyclate and $424 for Albuterol sulfate.”
The companies have been asked to give detailed information such as total gross revenue of companies from these drugs, the dates, quantities, purchasers, prices for sale of all these drugs, profit projections etc by 23rd October, 2014.
Consequently, pharma stocks have been trading in the red on Wednesday on BSE. Sun Pharma was trading 5% lower at Rs 798 while Dr. Reddy's scrip were trading down by over 3% at Rs 3,002.65 on BSE during afternoon trade.
It is yet to be clear whether the investigation would result into a recall or substantial penalty.

Five things the West can learn from the Ukraine CrisisFive things the West can learn from the Ukraine Crisis
Written by
Andrew Wilson Senior Policy Fellow, European Council on Foreign Relations
October 8, 2014
The detritus remains. (Reuters/Konstantin Chernichkin)
SHARE
Andrew Wilson Senior Policy Fellow, European Council on Foreign Relations
October 8, 2014
After a popular uprising in February, protestors in Ukraine were full of optimism that the nation could improve on its last attempt to change its dysfunctional post-Soviet system, the so-called Orange Revolution in 2004. Now Ukraine faces make-or-break elections on Oct. 26, with the very survival of the state at stake.
In my latest book Ukraine Crisis: What it Means for the West , I make no qualms in blaming Russia for the crisis, and for destroying the initial optimism in Ukraine, unlike many of the “Russia Understanders’” in the West. But the exact nature of the Russian regime and its modus operandi is still not widely understood. There can be few people left in the world who do not know that Russia is corrupt, but there is much less knowledge of its ability to corrupt others.
There’s also been potentially catastrophic damage to the West’s influence and credibility. The US is accused of over-prioritizing and withdrawing attention and resources from Eastern Europe; it’s an open question whether the EU is an effective foreign policy actor at all.
All of these things will keep policy-makers and analysts busy for a long while, but here are five lessons to keep in mind from Ukraine’s crisis:
1. Patriotism can be both enemy and friend
Ukrainians themselves like to talk about the “Ukrainian idea.” So do a lot of East Europeans. Usually in a bad way—meaning loyalty to some kind of metaphysical or transcendent “nation.” But if it means the nation is just a work-in-progress, the sense is just right. Ukraine was not a united nation when it won independence in 1991. Serhii Plokhy’s excellent new book The Last Empire: The Final Days of the Soviet Union is a useful reminder that Ukraine gained independence without any real social revolution, and after only about a quarter had backed the anti-Soviet movement “Rukh” in various elections in 1990-91. Ever since 1991 society has remained neo-Soviet and sharply divided on existential and foreign policy issues.
Now Putin appears to be making a new Ukrainian nation before our eyes. Ukraine is less polarized, because it has lost its eastern poles—Crimea and half of the Donbas. Public opinion in the rest of Ukraine is more patriotic and more pro-European. The elections on Oct. 26 will confirm this. The Maidan and the war in the east are new foundation myths (a war Ukraine was winning before Russia got away with sending in so many conventional troops in late August). But is it not yet clear whether this is a short-term effect and whether the new patriotism will make Ukrainians more prepared to accept the pain of long-delayed reform. Ukraine may be building a new nation, but it is not building a proper state. In fact, the new patriotism can be as much an enemy as an ally of reform; many argue that all resources should go to national defense.
2. There’s a new kind of global protestor
The Ukrainian protests were a hybrid of forms, but were part of the recent global cycle of protest from the Arab Spring to Occupy to Hong Kong. They therefore provide useful lessons for protestors and autocrats across the globe. For protestors, the Ukrainians made a good attempt to solve the now-familiar paradoxes of “leaderless protest”—social media can assemble a crowd, but they can’t direct it. As Ivan Krastev’s book Democracy Disrupted: The Politics of Global Protest makes clear, many modern protestors do not seek representation; they stand outside and do not trust traditional politics.
The Ukrainians found a half-way house in the muscle-memory of their own history. The protestors by-passed those who claimed to speak on their behalf; and grouped themselves in Cossack “hundreds,” with centurions rather than overall leaders. They therefore had just enough organization when they needed to resort to old-fashioned street-fighting in February.
The emotional speech at the end of the protests by one of the heads of the hundreds, Volodymyr Parasyuk, was emblematic. Parasyuk famously called for direct action “with arms” (which allegedly encouraged Yanukovych to flee)—but just as interesting was his disdain for “the politicians who stand behind my back” and “the stupid words we’ve been fed here for the last two and a half months.” This worked well during the period of “extraordinary politics” in the spring—it has since proven much harder to link up the protestors with the prosaic world of “normal” politics. Maidan veterans largely condemn the political process from outside; only a few are standing in the elections. Rather more of the old guard are doing so, relatively unchallenged.
3. Old-fashioned protest reigned supreme
Technology was important at the start of the protests, but not at the end. Social media and SMS helped assemble the initial crowds. They helped protestors dodge the police and the regime’s hired thugs. But ultimately the protestors reverted to “classic” or “vintage” revolution, throwing cobblestones and Molotov cocktails. Technology didn’t protect the protestors from sniper fire. They hid behind trees and used shields made from advertising hoardings. Compared to Moscow’s tech-savvy but dilettante Bolotnaya protestors in 2011-12, the tipping factor in Kiev was on old-fashioned willingness to fight and die for the cause.
4. Keep brutality off-screen
Lessons for autocrats. The Yanukovych regime tried to avoid international condemnation in three ways. First by inventing a narrative to discredit the protestors; and the line that they were all fascists was bought too easily by too many in the West. Second by using proxies, particularly the notorious regime thugs, the so-called titushki. Third by shifting violence “off-screen.” This was arguably working in early January. It was only when the regime lost patience and moved people down with sniper fire that it fell.
Regimes that are brutal early when protests are only incipient are more likely to survive. Regimes that are tough but patient are more likely to survive. The Hong Kong authorities just backed off from the mistake of over-using local versions of titushki thugs before the world’s TV cameras, as they sensed the protests were winding down anyway.
5. “Coarse power” is the new soft power
Russia fought dirty, but still operates within the paradigms of so-called “political technology.” Russia has invested huge amounts in soft power to rival the West in recent years, but academics have long thought soft power was not the right term. I found the right term in, of all places, Tolstoy’s Anna Karenina—grubaya sila, meaning “coarse power.” Tolstoy was talking about society’s power to repress the individual, but it describes the Kremlin’s modus operandi well—it’s idea of soft power is really covert power, buying support behind the scenes, and using non-violent forms of coercion. Just as so-called “hybrid war” or “information war” (two other Russian favorites) are still war by other means.
But the façade is still important. Russia loves to clone and copy—to steal Western terminology on international law or human rights, and to present its operations as morally equivalent to ours. It therefore copied the Maidan with its own bastard version—”public meetings” that elected “leaders” that nobody had heard of in Crimea and the Donbas. But at the same time, Russia exploited the key weakness of Maidan politics; nobody actually elected the likes of Volodymyr Parasyuk. The Kremlin is highly-skilled at spinning narratives; its opponents need to avoid such open goals in the future. The West needs to be clear what it is dealing well—not a duplicitous power, but a system built on duplicity.
After the Orange Revolution in 2004 it was actually the Kremlin that learnt the lessons best. To the extent that it thought it was immune from any similar protest wave. Now the learning process begins again.
We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com . 
Share this:

plans to shut its plant inJulian O'Neill BBC News NI Business Correspondent
JTI Gallahers has been one of the cornerstones of the Ballymena economy.
Staff were well-paid - it is believed the average salaries were more than £60,000.
But when the jobs relocate to Poland or Romania the payroll will be nothing like that.
The company and many politicians have blamed new EU rules on tobacco packaging for the shutdown.
While that may have been the basis of a review, this is ultimately about costs.
The decision will prompt a new bout of anxiety at another major Ballymena employer, Michelin.
Production costs - primarily energy bills - leave 1,000 workers uneasy.
While Invest NI and the Northern Ireland Executive promote new jobs with success, sustaining others presents a huge challenge.
It is estimated that the plant in Ballymena contributed £60m in wages to the local economy.
Enterprise Minister Arlene Foster said the introduction of the EU tobacco products directive had impacted on the plant because of changes to the size of roll your own tobacco packs.
In February, MEPs voted by 514 in favour to 66 against, with 58 abstentions, to approve the new anti-smoking legislation.
It would have required major adjustments in technology and operations at the JTI Gallaghers's plant in the town.
Criticism
The company has proposed moving its existing plants in Northern Ireland and Belgium to other countries, such as Poland and Romania.
Ms Foster criticised Sinn Féin MEP Martina Anderson for supporting the directive.
"Others were prepared to be champions of this EU directive," she said.
"Martina Anderson felt it was the right thing to do, but wasn't prepared to join the dots and to make the association that if she followed through on that support that it would cost jobs."
However, Ms Anderson said the directive would be applicable across Europe.
"It's going to be applicable in Poland, it's going to be applicable in Romania, and it was going to be applicable in the north," she said.
Staff at the Ballymena plant have been left shocked by the job losses
"We have another example of big industry example using workers as a pawn.
"They are not interested in safeguarding jobs, what they are interested in doing is trying to get cheap labour."
Ms Foster said she would be meeting the first minister and deputy first minister along with the DUP MP, Ian Paisley jnr, and the Employment Minister Stephen Farry on Wednesday.
'Tsunami'
Des Blackadder, editor of the Ballymena Times, said when the news broke it came like a "tsunami".
"It brought a wave of depression to this town because anybody with any common sense and certainly the workers knew that Gallahers' lifetime wasn't infinite, it was going to come to an end at some stage. But when it did come to an end yesterday, it really came with a great deal of shock," he said.
"There were many many ashen faces in Ballymena."
He said the impact of the losses would be felt by many in the town.
JTI Gallaher is the last remaining tobacco factory in the UK
"The vast majority of people in Ballymena would have had a relative who worked in Gallahers or would have known several friends who worked in Gallahers, so it's something which affects an entire community," he added.
Restructuring
The Ballymena factory is currently owned by Japan Tobacco International (JTI), which took over in 2007.
JTI released a statement on Tuesday announcing its intention to "restructure its manufacturing facilities as a result of significant and sustained changes impacting its global business".
It has proposed moving its existing plants in Northern Ireland and Belgium to other countries, such as Poland and Romania.
Leading politicians have pledged to support the workers and said they would work to try to mitigate the job losses.
More on This Story

Sell Century Textiles: Manish HathiramaniThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

OECD sees stable growth for major world econ...OECD sees stable growth for major economies, weaker in euro zone
By Reuters | 8 Oct, 2014, 03.41PM IST
The OECD said its leading indicator covering 33 member countries was stable in August from the prior month at 100.4, above its long-term average of 100.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: Most major world economies are continuing to show stable growth momentum, but within the euro zone Germany and Italy are losing steam, the OECD said on Wednesday.
The figures from the Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development added to a range of recent surveys which pointed to weakness in the euro area and came a day after the International Monetary Fund cut its global growth forecasts.
The OECD said its leading indicator covering 33 member countries was stable in August from the prior month at 100.4, above its long-term average of 100.
The indicator, which is designed to flag turning points in the economic cycle, suggested that the OECD area as a whole, as well as Canada and the United States individually, was experiencing "stable growth momentum."
That stability was also anticipated for Brazil, Russia and China.
The indicator has been close to or at 100.50 since November 2013.
In the euro zone, however, signs point to weakening growth, with the indicator for Germany, Europe's biggest economy, falling to 99.7 from 100.1 in July. Official data released on Tuesday showed German industrial output plunged in August at its steepest rate since the height of the financial crisis.
Signs were also emerging of a loss of growth momentum for Italy, the OECD said.
For non-euro zone Britain, the outlook continues to point to stable growth with the indicator falling slightly to 100.7 from 100.8 in July.
The OECD said that one-off factors might explain a fall in the indicator for Japan to 99.6 from 99.8. It said India was the only major economy whose indicator pointed to a rise in growth momentum, its indicator improving to 99.0 from 98.8.

Nobel prize through the ages: Five maps and charts that explain the awardNobel Prize through the ages: Five maps and charts that explain the award
HT Data Team , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 14:48 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:45 IST(8/10/2014)

The European Commission has madePress release
Brussels, 8 October 2014
State aid: Commission concludes modified UK measures for Hinkley Point nuclear power plant are compatible with EU rules
The European Commission has found revised UK plans to subsidise the construction and operation of a new nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point in Somerset to be in line with EU state aid rules. During the in-depth investigation (see IP/13/1277 ), the UK has agreed to significantly modify the terms of the project financing. As a result, the state aid provided will remain proportionate to the objective pursued, avoiding any undue distortions of competition in the Single Market. The modifications also reduce UK citizens' financial contribution to the project.
Commission Vice-President Joaquín Almunia, in charge of competition policy, said: "After the Commission's intervention, the UK measures in favour of Hinkley Point nuclear power station have been significantly modified, limiting any distortions of competition in the Single Market. These modifications will also achieve significant savings for UK taxpayers. On this basis and after a thorough investigation, the Commission can now conclude that the support is compatible with EU state aid rules."
Under EU Treaty rules, Member States are free to determine their energy mix. The UK has decided to promote nuclear energy and this decision is within its national competence.  However, when public money is spent to support companies, the Commission has the duty to verify that this is done in line with the EU state aid rules, which aim to preserve competition in the Single Market.
The UK plans to establish a price support – the "contract for difference" - ensuring that the operator of the Hinkley Point nuclear plant will receive stable revenues for a period of 35 years. The operator will also benefit from a State guarantee covering any debt which the operator will seek to obtain on financial markets to fund the construction of the plant.
During the investigation, the UK authorities demonstrated that the support would address a genuine market failure, dispelling the Commission's initial doubts. In particular, the promoters of the project would not be able to obtain the necessary financing due to its unprecedented nature and scale.
Furthermore, the combination of the following modifications minimises the distortive effects of the support measure and ensures benefits to UK consumers:
With respect to the State guarantee, the Commission found that the initial guarantee fee which the operator would have paid to the UK Treasury was too low for a project with this risk profile. The guarantee fee was therefore significantly raised. This increase will reduce the subsidy by more than GBP 1 billion (about €1.3 billion) and procure the UK Treasury an equivalent gain.
In addition, after the Commission's intervention the gains generated by the project will be better shared with UK consumers: as soon as the operator's overall profits (return on equity) exceed the rate estimated at the time of the decision, any gain will be shared with the public entity granting the public support; in addition, the decision defines a second, higher threshold above which the public entity will obtain more than half of the gains. These gains will be shared with UK consumers by a decrease in the price paid by the public entity to the operator (the so-called "strike price"). An increase in the profit rate of only one percentage point, for example, will generate savings of more than GBP 1.2 billion (about €1.5 billion). This gain-share mechanism will be in place not only for the 35-year support duration as initially envisaged, but at the request of the Commission for the entire lifetime of the project, namely 60 years. Moreover, if the construction costs turn out to be lower than expected, the gains will also be shared.
Background
The new Hinkley Point C nuclear power station will require debt financing of GBP 17 billion (around €21.6 billion) and will eventually have a capital of about GBP 34 billion (around €43 billion). The construction costs are estimated at GBP 24.5 billion (around €31.2 billion). Start of operations is scheduled for 2023 with an expected operational lifetime of 60 years. The two reactors will produce in total 3.3 GW of electricity - the largest output produced by a single plant in the UK and representing 7% of UK electricity generation. The UK will need about 60 GW of new electricity generation capacity to come online between 2021 and 2030 due to the closure of existing nuclear and coal power plants. The Hinkley Point nuclear power station will use the EPR technology which is not yet operational anywhere in the world. There are only three projects currently under construction in France, Finland and China which will rely on this technology.
Public interventions in favour of companies can be considered free of state aid within the meaning of EU rules when they are made on terms that a private operator would have accepted under market conditions (the market economy investor principle – MEIP). If the MEIP is not respected, the public interventions involve state aid within the meaning of EU rules (Article 107 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union – TFEU), because they confer an economic advantage on the beneficiary that its competitors do not have. The Commission then proceeds to assess whether such aid can be found compatible with the common EU rules that allow certain categories of aid. Without these common rules, competition within the EU's Single Market would be distorted by a 'subsidy race' between Member States to the benefit of particular companies.
The non-confidential version of today's decision will be made available under case number SA.34947 in the State Aid Register on the DG Competition website once any confidentiality issues have been resolved. The electronic newsletter State Aid Weekly e-News lists the most recent decisions on state aid published in the Official Journal and on the website.
Contacts :
Antoine Colombani (+32 2 297 45 13, Twitter: @ECspokesAntoine )
Yizhou Ren (+32 2 299 48 89)
For the public: Europe Direct by phone 00 800 6 7 8 9 10 11 or by e­mail
Side Bar

EE s announcement of a new TV serviceEE launches home TV service in UK
The BBC's Rory Cellan-Jones caught up with EE's chief executive Olaf Swantee at the launch
Sandler signs four-film Netflix deal
Mobile network EE has announced a TV service that lets up to three phones or tablets be used to watch different live programmes in the home simultaneously, while a television screens a fourth.
The facility is powered by a set-top box, which also lets content broadcast over the past 24 hours be replayed, even if recordings were not scheduled.
The service is included in the price of EE's broadband and landline packages.
One expert called the move "hugely significant".
EE TV includes more than 70 Freeview channels, including BBC One, ITV, Channels 4 and 5, Sky News and Al Jazeera.
In addition, it offers apps for YouTube, Daily Motion and Rakuten's subscription TV and movie service Wuaki.tv, among others
The set-top box contains a one terabyte (TB) hard disk, which the firm said could store up to 25 days worth of standard definition content and five days worth of high-definition shows.
Mobile customers of the UK network who did not previously subscribe to another service from the firm but who want EE TV will need to sign up for a broadband package.
The cheapest one on offer is £9.95 a month plus a further £15.75 a month for a required telephone line, all for a minimum of a one-and-a-half year duration.
The company hopes this will provide them an incentive to switch to its service.
EE said that the "free" set-top box it is providing was worth £300
"With EE TV, not only can you watch different streams of live and recorded content, on multiple screens simultaneously, but your mobile becomes the remote," said EE's chief executive Olaf Swantee.
"This gives each viewer the chance to watch, queue and view what they want, when they want."
Analysis: Rory Cellan-Jones, technology correspondent
When I ask EE's chief executive Mr Swantee what potential customers are getting if there isn't any unique content, his answer is "a user interface that stands out."
Somehow I doubt that viewers across the land are going to be wowed by that promise.
Technology firms, from Microsoft to Google to Apple, have all been trying to change the way we use television for a decade or more.
But the viewers have been stubbornly resistant to change.
Read more of Rory's thoughts on the EE TV launch on his blog .
One industry watcher said he expected the firm's competitors to respond in kind.
"It's a logical move from EE and one that's in direct response to BT launching its mobile service next year," said Paolo Pescatore from the consultancy CCS Insight.
"With EE's broadband business posting good quarterly subscriber growth it has a strong subscriber base to cross-sell to, and puts it in a far stronger position than other quad-play providers - Virgin Media and TalkTalk.
"Today's announcement [also] puts the pressure on others to accelerate their own quad-play plans."
Customers can use their smartphone or tablet to control EE's set-top box
However, he added that he believed EE TV needed to offer a better range of content if it wanted to succeed.
"EE has taken a sensible approach with its TV service as it doesn't want to be embroiled in bidding wars for premium content," Mr Pescatore said.
"However given the exclusion of Netflix, EE must strongly consider forging agreements with other key rights owners including BSkyB for its Now TV service.
"The company must also strengthen the range of on-demand services as this is becoming increasingly important to consumers as underlined by Netflix's growth."
EE said its platform would "include an ever growing range of content applications" over time.
More on This Story

look anything like these award winnersPrint
Is your office as trendy as this?
The British Council for Offices (BCO) has handed out awards for the "best and most innovative" workplaces in the UK. So, how does your office compare?
The National Awards came after a series of regional awards.
The BCO says the awards represent the best in "visionary office design and functionality" across the country.
Is your office as trendy as these? You can share your photos with us via yourpics@bbc.co.uk
Number One Riverside on Smith Street is the new civic offices for Rochdale Borough Council. It serves as a public library, includes cafes, private meeting areas and a workplace. It merged 33 buildings into one and won the award for the best workplace of 2014.
One Eagle Place in London won the award for the best commercial workplace. The architects say it "contributes to the rich architectural dialogue of daily work and shopping with the thriving pace of historic Piccadilly".
The Council House in Derby won the top award in the refurbished and recycled category. The facade of the locally listed 1930s building was retained and the roofline maintained, but the amount of space on site was increased by over 50%.
Insurance broker Arthur J Gallagher at The Walbrook Building in London received the award for the best "fit out" of a workplace. The design focuses on two oculus-shaped atria spaces.
Developer Argent operates from 4 Stable Street in London. This office won the award for projects of up to 2,000 sq m. Architects say: "The light and open desk areas on first and mezzanine levels contrast [with] the warm textured warehouse feel of the extension."
The Sharp Project in Manchester is one of the three award winners from outside London, winning the "innovation" award. The 250,000 sq ft building is home to 54 digital and production start-ups and companies.
Guardian News and Media, headquartered at Kings Place in London, won the "Test of Time" category. Kings Place has hosted the newspaper group since 2008.
More on This Story

Infosys  Tech Mahindra  Mindtree dip on Citi downgradeOct 08, 2014, 02.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Infosys, Tech Mahindra, Mindtree dip 4-7% on Citi downgrade
Infosys, which will announce its second quarter (July-September) earnings on October 10, fell as much as 4.88 percent intraday while Tech Mahindra tanked 6.66 percent and Mindtree lost 4 percent intraday today.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Infosys, Tech Mahindra, Mindtree dip 4-7% on Citi downgrade
Infosys, which will announce its second quarter (July-September) earnings on October 10, fell as much as 4.88 percent intraday while Tech Mahindra tanked 6.66 percent and Mindtree lost 4 percent intraday today.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Technology stocks saw huge selling pressure with the BSE IT Index falling over 3 percent on Wednesday ahead of  Infosys earnings on Friday and due to downgrade the sector by brokerage house Citi.
Infosys, which will announce its second quarter (July-September) earnings on October 10, fell as much as 4.88 percent intraday while  Tech Mahindra tanked 6.66 percent and  Mindtree lost 4 percent intraday today.
Citi feels all the positives are already priced in. Hence, the brokerage toned down optimism on strong outperforms and relatively full valuations. According to the report, the IT sector trades at around 18.5x 1-year forward. Last time it traded at that level was when the top 4 companies were growing at around 25 percent (versus now at around 10-15 percent), it elaborated.
The brokerage downgraded the sector to neutral from overweight on October 1.
Citi downgraded Infosys to neutral with a target price of Rs 4,065. The stock has had a good around 15 percent return in the past 3 months, which indicated that the run up factored in management change and cost improvements. The brokerage sees risks of volatility ahead.
It also downgraded Tech Mahindra and Mindtree to sell with a target price of Rs 1,060 and Rs 2,375, respectively. As far as Tech Mahindra is concerned, it expects EBITDA growth of around 5 percent in FY15.
According to the report, Mindtree remains the best-placed mid-cap but the company has seen a sharp re-rating. Valuations stood at around 17x 1-year forward versus 11x 1-year back, which suggested that valuations may be running ahead of fundamentals.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Blood Moon Lunar Eclipse Visible Over Los AngelesWARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
RADAR: Strong Storm Moves Across Midwest and Northeast
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Companies law provides a well drafted structure for CSR: SitharamanWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Goods train derailment: Track restoration in progress on Konkan routeGoods train derailment: Track restoration in progress on Konkan route
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mangalore, Oct 8:  
Two excavators and more than 300 labourers have been deployed to clear the track between Chiplun and Kamathe stations where 12 wagons of a goods train were derailed on Tuesday.
A press release by the Konkan Railway Corporation Ltd said here on Wednesday that senior officials of Konkan Railway are at the site round the clock for effecting an early restoration.
Konkan Railway is carrying out restoration work on a war footing, it said. The work is being monitored continuously from the central control room at Belapur through remote cameras.
While one accident relief train belonging to Konkan Railway was deployed for restoration work on Tuesday, another from Central Railway was also called.
The railway track of around 160 metres is severely damaged as a result of the derailment.
While clearing the track, first all the wagons had to be unloaded and also ensure safe and secure stacking of the wheat bags. Konkan Railway said that there were about 15,000 bags of wheat weighing around 750 tonnes in the derailed wagons.
Since the track was damaged and uprooted, Konkan Railway had to lay the railway track first and then take the crane ahead to remove the first derailed wagon and then repeat the procedure.
The release said that there is no direct road access to the site for easy transportation of the restoration material. Konkan Railway had to carry the material to the nearest location and then move it manually through labourers.
The derailment had occurred in between two bridges and two of the derailed wagons were on the bridge. This needed to be tackled very cautiously to avoid any damage to the structure of the bridge.
The steep and high embankment on either side also made it difficult to tackle the derailed wagons, it added.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Is ambassador Sania doing enough for Telangana brandIs ambassador Sania doing enough for Telangana brand?
Prasad Nichenametla , Hindustan Times  Hyderabad, October 08, 2014
First Published: 15:29 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 20:02 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
When tennis star Sania Mirza was made the brand ambassador of Telangana, a local BJP leader’s remark on her nationality spiralled into a countrywide furore, but it did not have much currency in her city.
For many Hyderabadis, Sania’s nationality was not the issue, what was debated was her connect with the region, its sentiments and whether she could do justice to the role.
More than two months into the role for which the Telangana government gave her Rs. 1-crore grant, Sania has done little of note to prove such sceptics wrong.
Critics would be wrong to paint it all black because she has been busy winning Asian Games medals (mixed doubles gold and bronze in women’s doubles) for the country. They could, however, have a point if they claim she has found time to highlight other causes.  
Sania, who is proactive on Twitter (with 2.04 million followers), has till now not tweeted a single message promoting the state and its ambitious activities at a global level.
During this time, she has tweeted on PETA, a chocolate brand and herself on a magazine cover among others. On Wednesday, she retweeted a tweet related to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Swachh Bharat campaign. 
Of course, it is her account and her call. If Telangana’s authorities are miffed, they aren’t saying.
"I have nothing to comment on this," a senior official said after a pause. The official was present alongside chief minister K Chandrashekar Rao when Sania was presented with the letter of appointment on July 22.
There has not been a dearth of events in Telangana to promote. Bathukamma, a Telangana festival of flowers was held recently and the Metropolis World Congress – through which the CM wants to showcase Telangana culture and his governance — being top of the list. 
It was Rao’s decision to make her the state ambassador and in the face of opposition from various quarters, he had described her as pride of Telangana.
An additional Rs. 1 crore was announced for her when she won the US Open mixed doubles title in September.
It is not that Sania does not acknowledge the title. “I am proud to be the brand ambassador of the state. It has someway been lucky for me as I won quite a lot after,” she told reporters on Monday. 
Reached for comment, Anam Mirza, Sania’s sister and spokesperson, said she would get the tennis star to respond. The response is awaited.
Three instances in three months where Telangana was mentioned in her tweets:
Let's get Telangana on the world map together..thank u for the trust honourable CM sir..I am humbled ??
— Sania Mirza (@MirzaSania) July 22, 2014
In reaction to the tragic train-school bus collision where about 25 school kids died:
Medak, Telangana. May God grant them the strenght to bear this shocking loss
— Sania Mirza (@MirzaSania) July 24, 2014
When CM KCR announced cash awards for Badminton players from the state:
Congratulations to d honourable CM KCR Garu, @KTRTRS and the state of Telangana on the super initiative towards sports..

Cyclone Hudhud may hit north Andhra Pradesh  Odisha by Oct 12: Met deptHudhud intensifies; Odisha, Andhra brace for impact
Priya Ranjan Sahu , Hindustan Times  Bhubaneswar/New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 10:48 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 17:23 IST(9/10/2014)
A strong cyclone heading towards India’s southeastern coast gathered strength on Wednesday, uprooting trees, triggering landslides and snapping power and phone links as it crossed the Andaman and Nicobar islands, officials said.
 
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) predicts Cyclone Hudhud -- named after a colourful bird – is likely to pack speeds of up to 140 km per hour when it makes landfall between Vishakhapatnam and Gopalpur on Sunday.
Odisha Disaster Rapid action force (ODRAF) personnel checking up their equipment in preparation ahead of cyclone HudHud in Bhubaneswar.(PTI photo)
An image from INSAT-3D of Indian Meteorological Department shows the actual position of cyclone Hudhud on October 9, 2014th at 08:30am.
"It is now crossing the Andaman and Nicobar Islands," the IMD said in a bulletin. "Thereafter, the system would continue to move west-northwestwards, intensify further into a severe cyclonic storm during the next 24 hours and subsequently into a very severe cyclonic storm during subsequent 36 hours."
Read: After Phailin, Cyclone Hudhud to hit Ganjam district
In the Andaman and Nicobar islands, authorities shut schools, cancelled ferry services and warned off fishermen. The islands' key Andaman Trunk Road was shut after dozens of trees were uprooted. Government officials said heavy rain set off landslides and snapped some power and communication lines.
Officials said they were working to clear the fallen trees, reconnect disrupted utilities and had deployed national disaster response forces. "I feel the entire situation will be fully under control," Tanvy Garg, the district commissioner of South Andaman, told reporters.
Authorities in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh are on alert with the cyclone bearing down on the coast exactly a year after cyclone Phailin battered Odisha. The state’s effective preparations, such as the evacuation of close to one million people to cyclone shelters, saved countless lives last year.
Aid workers say the state’s disaster preparedness was thanks in large part to the lessons learnt after a powerful cyclone in 1999 that killed 10,000 people.
Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik with officials from different departments during the cyclone preparedness review meeting at Secretariate in Bhubaneswar on Oct 8, 2014. (PTI Photo)
Met department officials said Cyclone Hudhud would be less intense than Cyclone Phailin, but disaster management preparations were in full swing in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh.
 
“The wind speed of Phailin was 210-220 km an hour. On the contrary, Hudhud is expected to have wind speeds of 130-140 km an hour. So this would be less intense, but we still monitoring and keeping a close watch,” said Dr M Mohapatra, head of the cyclone warning system at the IMD.
Read:  Odisha sets 'zero casualty' target as Hudhud approaches coast
 
Met department officials said fishermen had been warned not to go to sea as Odisha might experience heavy rainfall on October 12 and October 13 due to the effect of Cyclone Hudhud.
 
“All preparations have been made to meet the situation. All concerned departments have been asked to make their contingency plans,” said chief minister Naveen Patnaik.
 
Panicked coastal villagers on Wednesday scrambled to buy items of food and fuel, from rice and potatoes to petrol. Potatoes disappeared from markets and prices of onions, vegetables and other essential items rose by about 50%.
(With agency inputs)

After boycott threat over pay dispute Windies turn up for first ODIAfter boycott threat over pay dispute Windies turn up for first ODI
PTI
print
After threatening to go on a strike ahead of the ODI series against India, the West Indies cricket team Wednesday came out to play the opening match in Kochi.
Windies skipper Dwayne Bravo though still insisted that the side reserves the right to take the "best course of action" over an "unresolved" pay dispute with the West Indies Cricket Board.
   
"After much consideration, the West Indies players have decided to participate in the 1st One Day International against India. This decision should not in any way be construed as an acceptance by the players of the unreasonable terms and conditions put forward to us by WICB nor is it an acceptance of the purported new Memorandum of Understanding," Bravo said in a letter to Players' Association chief Wavell Hinds.
    
"The players will not accept any agreement it has had no input in, did not give its consent to and which would infringe on its rights. We reserve all of our rights and intend to seek independent advice so as to establish the players best course of action," the letter, published by 'ESPNCricinfo', stated.
    
"...we wish to reiterate our position put forward to the WICB earlier, that we continue under the old structure until a new agreement is reached between the players and WICB. Neither the WICB nor the players would be in a disadvantageous position since this would have been mutually agreed by the parties. This we believe is a sensible and reasonable approach for all concerned."
    
Earlier, in an extraordinary turn of events, the team's tour of India was thrown into jeopardy after the aggrieved players threatened to go on strike over an acrimonious pay dispute with its parent body.
    
Barely a day before the series, the cricket team led by Dwayne Bravo shot off a letter to the West Indies Cricket Board and the Players Association, threatening to go on strike if the matter was not resolved.
    
The team had skipped the practice session on Tuesday, the pre-match press conference and the trophy unveiling ceremony as it held negotiations to diffuse the crisis after being handed contracts which would see their pay go down by approximately 75 per cent. The new contracts were given to the players after they reached India.
The players are also disgruntled with the West Indies Players Association president and chief executive Wavell Hinds for agreeing to the terms without consulting them.
    
According to reports, the players claimed Hinds "hoodwinked" them and did not take their inputs while signing a new MoU with West Indies Cricket Board last month, under which they would suffer a significant cut in their pay.
    
In a strongly-worded letter to WIPA and WICB, Bravo wrote: "We wish to make it very clear that should the players be forced to take matters into their our own hands, we will not hesitate to take the appropriate action as we see fit. We will hold you and the WIPA Board, who support this process, liable."
    
"The players are of the view that as a matter of principle, we should not accept these conditions whereby we are being asked to play a series against India without any certainty of what are our obligations and what we will be playing for."
    
"...the players here in India are under tremendous stress and the team morale is at an all-time low. We believe that this present WIPA Executive under your leadership has failed to properly represent the best interest of ALL the players," Bravo wrote.
    
"Many are questioning whether there is now some "special relationship" between the WICB and WIPA which may be good for some but has not taken into account the whole picture resulting in the what may be seen as embarrassing and demonising some players who represent the WI, yet signalling to public that this new purported agreement (MOU) is in the best interest of West Indies Cricket."   
"As indicated in our earlier correspondence the reduction is unacceptable and as one of our members put it 'it is ridiculously insane' when one considers the massive cuts based on the information we have received,"the letter said.

Sensex ends 25 points down in choppy tradeMarket update: Sensex closes at 2-month low, Infosys falls
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 19:36 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Thursday closed over 25 points lower in choppy trade with IT stocks led by Infosys recording losses, but oil & gas, PSU, metal and banking shares rose, avoiding a steeper fall in the index. Wednesday's closing level was the lowest for the Sensex in nearly two months.
After opening in the negative zone at 26,229.67, the 30-share barometer slipped further to touch an intra-day low of 26,150.09 on continued capital outflows and selling by retail investors, tracking weak cues from overseas markets.
Buying in select blue-chip stocks wiped off initial losses and the BSE index rose to the day's high of 26,338.31. It finally settled 25.18 points (or 0.10 per cent) lower than its previous close, at 26,246.79.
It had lost 358.54 points in the previous two sessions on negative domestic as well as global factors.
The broader National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty ended in red with a marginal fall of 9.70 point (or 0.12 per cent) at 7,842.70.
The 50-issue NSE index moved between 7,869.90 and 7,815.75 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Brokers said sentiment was hit by persistent capital outflows, weak trends in global markets and the cut by by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in its global economy growth forecast for next year to 3.8 per cent.
Participants were cautious ahead of the earnings season beginning later this week with Infosys posting July-September quarter results, brokers said.
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 332.84 crore on Tuesday.
Out of the 30 Sensex scrips, Cipla, Dr Reddy, Hero MotoCorp, Sun Pharma, TCS and Wipro fell, while 19 others ended higher. Hindustan Unilever ended flat.
IT services major, Infosys plunged 4.70 per cent to Rs 3,650.20 a piece amidst reports that global financial services major Citigroup has downgraded the stock to 'neutral' from 'buy'. The stock dragged the BSE IT sector index by 3.44 per cent.
Healthcare index fell 3.27 per cent and Teck index by 2.83 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Oil & Gas index rose 1.69 per cent as shares of RIL, ONGC and GAIL caught buyers' fancy. PSU index up 1.61 per cent.

Sensex closes at two-month low  Infosys fallsMarket update: Sensex closes at 2-month low, Infosys falls
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 19:36 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Thursday closed over 25 points lower in choppy trade with IT stocks led by Infosys recording losses, but oil & gas, PSU, metal and banking shares rose, avoiding a steeper fall in the index. Wednesday's closing level was the lowest for the Sensex in nearly two months.
After opening in the negative zone at 26,229.67, the 30-share barometer slipped further to touch an intra-day low of 26,150.09 on continued capital outflows and selling by retail investors, tracking weak cues from overseas markets.
Buying in select blue-chip stocks wiped off initial losses and the BSE index rose to the day's high of 26,338.31. It finally settled 25.18 points (or 0.10 per cent) lower than its previous close, at 26,246.79.
It had lost 358.54 points in the previous two sessions on negative domestic as well as global factors.
The broader National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty ended in red with a marginal fall of 9.70 point (or 0.12 per cent) at 7,842.70.
The 50-issue NSE index moved between 7,869.90 and 7,815.75 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Brokers said sentiment was hit by persistent capital outflows, weak trends in global markets and the cut by by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in its global economy growth forecast for next year to 3.8 per cent.
Participants were cautious ahead of the earnings season beginning later this week with Infosys posting July-September quarter results, brokers said.
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 332.84 crore on Tuesday.
Out of the 30 Sensex scrips, Cipla, Dr Reddy, Hero MotoCorp, Sun Pharma, TCS and Wipro fell, while 19 others ended higher. Hindustan Unilever ended flat.
IT services major, Infosys plunged 4.70 per cent to Rs 3,650.20 a piece amidst reports that global financial services major Citigroup has downgraded the stock to 'neutral' from 'buy'. The stock dragged the BSE IT sector index by 3.44 per cent.
Healthcare index fell 3.27 per cent and Teck index by 2.83 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Oil & Gas index rose 1.69 per cent as shares of RIL, ONGC and GAIL caught buyers' fancy. PSU index up 1.61 per cent.

Modi has done nothing to stop Pak shelling despite provocations : RahulGandhiModi has done nothing to stop Pak shelling despite provocations: Rahul Gandhi
Mahad |       October 8, 2014 8:38 pm
Comments
In his speech, Rahul did not mention former ally NCP with which it parted ways just ahead of the election. (Source: Express photo by Narendra Vaskar)
With shelling and firing by Pakistani troops continuing to claim civilian lives in Jammu and Kashmir, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday targeted Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying he has done nothing to stop it despite “many provocations”.
“Before the Lok Sabha polls, Modi used to speak of adopting an aggressive approach towards China and Pakistan. Now, despite so many provocations, the PM is not doing anything for the last three months,” he said, addressing his first campaign rally for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly elections at Mahad in Raigad district.
“When the Prime Minister was enjoying a swing with the Chinese President, thousands of their soldiers were occupying our land in Ladakh….,” he said.
On Modi’s recent US trip, Rahul said, “During the visit, the Prime Minister thought of how medicines on diabetes and cancer, produced by companies there, could be sold in India.
“As a result, medicines costing Rs 8,000 will be available in India for Rs one lakh,” the Congress leader said.
He also hit back at Modi for his Congress-free India slogan, saying it was “impossible”.
“BJP says it wants to make India Congress-free. They do not realise that ideology of Congress, India and Maharashtra is the same. It is not possible to make India Congress-free,” he said.
Children flashing Congress placards during the rally of party vice president Rahul Gandhi at Mahad in Raigad district. (Source: Express photo by Narendra Vaskar)
 
“BJP feels that only one person (Modi) can take India forward. It does not talk of taking forward any ideology,” he said.
Rahul conceded that BJP’s “marketing” was good. “As  far as poll campaign is concerned, I must say their marketing is good,” he said.
In his speech, Rahul did not mention former ally NCP  with which it parted ways just ahead of the election. When it was pointed out that the Congress nominee in the area was pitted against Shiv Sena, Rahul asked voters to defeat the rival Sena candidate.
A woman talking to Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi after his rally at Mahad in Raigad district. (Source: Express photo by Narendra Vaskar)
“A vote for Congress is vote for fast development of Maharashtra. Prithviraj Chavan is a leader with a clean image. Maharashtra will progress under his leadership,” Rahul said, apparently backing the former Chief Minister as prospective candidate for the top job if the party is voted to power once again.
Later, addressing another poll rally at Ausa in Latur, Rahul Gandhi launched a scathing attack on Narendra Modi for questioning the contribution of Congress in continued…

Haryana polls: 67 MLAs average assets more thandoubledComments
Indian National Lok Dal Badshapur vidhan sabha candidate Rakesh after filing his nomination in Gurgaon. (Source: PTI Photo)
Growth of average assets of 67 MLAs contesting elections in Haryana Assembly has been close to double since the last election five years ago.
Haryana Election Watch and Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) has come to this conclusion after analysing affidavits of 1,343 candidates contesting in the Haryana State Assembly Elections.
67 re-contesting MLAs in the 2009 Assembly elections have been analysed for the coming polls on October 15, the NGO said at a press conference here on Wednesday.
The average assets of these 67 re-contesting MLAs in 2009 was Rs 7.30 crore, the ADR points, adding that the average assets of the MLAs as declared in their affidavits in 2014 is Rs 18.71 crore.
The average asset growth of re-contesting MLAs is Rs 11.41 crore.
Congress leader Naveen Jindal at an election campaign in Hisar on Tuesday. (Source: PTI Photo)
 
The percentage average asset growth of re-contesting MLAs is 156 per cent, the ADR points.
The highest increase in assets is of Savitri Jindal of Congress from Hisar constituency who has declared maximum increase in total assets with an increase of Rs 69.59 crore from Rs 43.68 crore in 2009 to Rs 113.27 crore in 2014.
Total assets of Sukhbir Kataria, an Independent candidate from Gurgaon constituency, have increased by Rs 65.92 crore, from Rs 38.34 crore in 2009 to Rs 104.26 crore in 2014 followed by Venod Sharma of Haryana Jan Chetna Party (V) from Ambala City constituency whose total assets have risen by Rs 65.73 crore, from Rs 87.40 crore in 2009 to Rs 153.14 crore in 2014 and Kuldeep Bishnoi of Haryana Janhit Congress (BL) from Adampur constituency has shown an asset increase of Rs 62.81 crore from Rs 17.30 crore to Rs 80.12 crore.
Indian National Lok Dal Supremo, Om Prakash Chautala during an election rally in Ambala on Tuesday. (Source: PTI Photo)
As per party-wise asset comparison of re-contesting MLAs, 38 re-contesting MLAs of Congress have shown a percentage increase in average assets of 185 per cent, 19 INLD MLAs with 207 per cent increase in average assets, 4 BJP MLAs with 211 per cent average asset increase, I MLA from Haryana Janhit Congress (BL) with asset increase of 363 per cent.
1 MLA from Haryana Lokhit Party with 82 per cent asset increase, 1 BSP MLA with 98 per cent asset increase, 1 Haryana Jan Chetna Party (V) MLA with 75 per cent asset increase and 2 Independent MLAs with 149 per continued…

Ajay Devgn encourages underprivileged children tostudy"Our country and future is in the hands of children," says Ajay Devgn.
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 4:38 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 6:15 pm
‘Singham’ star Ajay Devgn today called on the underprivileged children to pursue education for a bright future and to uplift their lives.
“Our country and future is in the hands of children. I urge you all to go to schools and lighten up your lives and grow up in future,” said Devgn, who is a father of two kids.
The 45-year-old actor was speaking at ‘Project Parivartan’ programme, an initiative by Mumbai Police in association with Women & Child Welfare Department and Tribal Development Department, organised at Bhartiya Vidhyabhavan auditorium in south Mumbai.
The cause was supported by various NGOs involved in rehabilitation of begging and hawking communities.
There are 491 families of Faase Pardhi and Waghri tribes who along with their 1,233 children beg on south Mumbai streets alone, as per the figures provided by NGOs.
Appealing the parents to willingly send their children to government schools, the 45-year-old actor said, “The government officials are here to assist you (parents) in all possible ways to ensure that the children can pursue education without any hassles and are given optimum opportunities and a holistic growth. There are various NGOs too which will provide you (parents) jobs while your children study in schools.”
Devgn reminded the children that if they desist from studying then the efforts made so far by him, the government and NGOs would go waste.
The parents of these children will also be rehabilitated by providing skills training and employment by the government agencies and NGOs so that they do not let their children drop out of school and re-initiate them into begging, said Additional Police Commissioner (South) Krishna Prakash, who organised the event.
“We will help the children to enroll in government schools. We aim to create a beggar-free zone in south Mumbai,” he said.
The programme was also attended by Mumbai Police Joint Commissioners B K Upadhyay (Traffic), Dhananjay Kamalakar (Law and Order) and officials from government agencies and NGOs.

Mohammad Hafeez  Junaid Khan ruled out of AustraliaTestsHafeez has been advised at least four weeks' rest after injuring his left hand during a practice match in the UAE. (Source: PTI)
Reuters | Sharjah | Posted: October 8, 2014 4:33 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 4:38 pm
Pakistan all-rounder Mohammad Hafeez, who was ruled out of the limited over series against Australia with a hand injury, will miss the subsequent test series against the same opponents as well, a Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) official said.
Fast bowler Junaid Khan will also return home from the United Arab Emirates having suffered a knee injury in practice.
Hafeez has been advised at least four weeks’ rest after injuring his left hand during a practice match in the UAE which required six stitches.
“The injury is worse than initially diagnosed and requires time to heal, so we don’t see him playing the Tests against Australia. Worse, he could also miss the Tests against New Zealand,” the official told Reuters.
The PCB later said left-arm paceman Sohail Tanvir would replace Junaid in the UAE.
Australia won the first one-dayers in Sharjah on Tuesday.
The injury is worse than initially diagnosed and requires time to heal, so we don't see him playing the Tests against Australia

Express LOL: Why the entire West Indies team should enter BiggBossPrint
Express LOL | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 4:31 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:04 pm
The West Indies cricket team is the perfect example of a dysfunctional family. Internal fights, external failure, and a lack of results have seen it fall from the grace of its glory days. We think there’s one place they fit well, and that’s the Bigg Boss house.
Here are a few very good reasons as to why:
 

Aditi Rao Hydari showstopper for Payal Singhal at Wills India FashionWeekDesigner Payal Singhal, who is making her debut at the spring summer 2015 edition of Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week (WIFW), has roped in actress Aditi Rao Hydari to walk as a show-stopper at her show.
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 4:30 pm
Designer Payal Singhal, who is making her debut at the spring summer 2015 edition of Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week (WIFW), has roped in actress Aditi Rao Hydari to walk as a show-stopper at her show.
“Payal will do her runway presentation Friday with Aditi as a show-stopper,” said an official invite on behalf of the designer.
The five-day fashion extravaganza started Wednesday at Pragati Maidan.
Singhal’s collection is titled “Firdaus”, an ode to the enchanting Gulmarg valley in Kashmir.
“The garments are the contemporary interpretation of traditional Indian clothing,” said the designer who believes in designing for the quality and design conscious individual who value and appreciate the art of fashion.

Sumedha Fiscal Services: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 08, 2014, 05.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sumedha Fiscal Services: Updates on outcome of AGM
Sumedha Fiscal Services has submitted a copy of the minutes of the proceedings of the 25th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 13, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sumedha Fiscal Services: Updates on outcome of AGM
Sumedha Fiscal Services has submitted a copy of the minutes of the proceedings of the 25th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 13, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Sumedha Fiscal Services Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the proceedings of the 25th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 13, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Spentex Industries: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 08, 2014, 05.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Spentex Industries: Updates on outcome of AGM
Spentex Industries has submitted a copy of the proceedings of the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 11, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Spentex Industries: Updates on outcome of AGM
Spentex Industries has submitted a copy of the proceedings of the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 11, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Spentex Industries Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 11, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Ebola survivor donates blood
Sebi notifies one-time registration system for brokersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

CPI-M to raise J-K flood relief issue in ParliamentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services gets ratings assigned to NCD & Subordinated Debt IssueThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Zensar Technologies sign deals with UK-based retailerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pak troops kill 2 women in border shelling  15 injuredThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Air Force Station Udhampur celebrates 82nd anniversary of IAFThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex ends volatile session flat; IT stocks fallThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ON EUROPE S DOORSTEP: US general says he s  fearful  ISIS will seize Syrian border town of KobaneThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

In the event of diesel de-regulation ril will flood the indian market ...Platinum Member
71 Followers
The merits of diesel price cut on economy are undisputable. Only concern is that is the price cut genuine or subsidy driven. If subsidy driven it will impact inflation, if it impacts the profits of the OMCs then its negative for the companies involved. Net net, I mentioned that price cut on diesel will not be permitted by Election Commission during elections. Once the model code of conduct period is over, government can go about reducing diesel prices if it merits so, else price rise by 50p per month till it matches the actual sale price stays. Currently OMCs have a bumper time, making money on diesel considering the drop in crude prices which is more than the fall in the rupee.
10.54 AM Oct 8th

Arvindji any idea why syncom hit lower circuit then moved to upper cir...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Jai ganeshji maharaj ki jai...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dear zoom   market is falling . and this stock have strong technical b...New Member
1 Followers
dear zoom , market is falling . and this stock have strong technical base. i am also holding this stock bought @ 378. i will w8 till friday. .. there is 70% chance to turn up. .. lets see :)
5.31 PM Oct 8th

Low interest rates not helping Europe s economy1
Investors tend to buy stocks whenever central banks are providing stimulus. The "Don't Fight the Fed" motto has powered U.S. stocks in the Standard & Poor's 500 index up about 200 percent since the lows of the recession in 2009.
In 2014, with economic data also pointing to a solid recovery, the S&P 500 has climbed 8.6 percent. It's up about 19 percent in the past 52 weeks.
Although the national employment picture still shows weakness, analysts consider the U.S. economy the most solid now in a troubled global economy.
"U.S. data has been good, markedly better than that in the Eurozone or Japan," said a Morgan Stanley report this week. The report predicted that U.S. unemployment will fall to 5.8 percent by the end of the year, noting purchases by businesses have been strong for 15 months, with commercial loan growth up 12 percent year over year.
"The U.S. is the region where things look most 'normal,'" said Morgan Stanley's report.
Given that view, some analysts are suggesting that investors adopt a "no place like home" approach, sticking with stocks that depend on selling products and services in the U.S. rather than in Europe.
In a recent report, Goldman Sachs strategist David Kostin noted that U.S. gross domestic product is likely to remain above 3 percent for "several years while the Euro area expands at a rate below two percent." In addition, he thinks the euro will fall by more than 20 percent while the dollar reaches parity by the end of 2017.
Consequently, he thinks U.S. companies with the highest European sales exposure will lag U.S.-centric companies. Among stocks that are 100 percent U.S.-focused, according to Goldman, are Discover Financial, Walgreen, Intuit, Macy's, Pioneer Natural Resources, Aetna, Union Pacific and AT&T.
Companies heavily dependent on European sales include Coca-Cola, Mondelez, Abbott, Invesco, Solera Holdings, Priceline and Wabco Holdings, to name a few.
On Tuesday, McDonald's reported disappointing worldwide sales, including a slump in Europe and even worse results in Asia. According to FactSet, about 40 percent of McDonald's sales are in Europe.

How realistic are B-School rankingsAbhishek Agrawal      Follow @twit2abhi    Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 11:53 IST
Abhishek Agrawal, executive director, MDRA
While the world's first business school (ESCP Europe) was founded in Paris, France, in 1819, it took 130 more years for the first business school to be set up in India (XLRI Jamshedpur, established in 1949). However, the world's first MBA degree was started at Harvard Business School, USA, in 1908 while IISWBM Kolkata (Indian Institute of Social Welfare & Business Management) is credited with offering the first MBA degree in India (since 1953), followed by FMS Delhi. Prestigious IIMs were started in 1961 (first in Calcutta, followed by Ahmedabad the same year).
Although India started considerably late, it boasts the largest number of B-schools in the world (about 4,000 out of 15,000 globally). Several among these B-schools offer more than one management programmes at the post-graduate level, thus having 5,000 plus management programmes in India.
As per a recent global survey conducted by Graduate Management Admission Council (GMAC) among prospective students, India is the fifth most preferred MBA destination in the world. The two big reasons cited for this were - affordability of education and availability of financial aid. The point to ponder is "quality of education" was not a reason. While Indian B-schools are being increasingly recognised globally and their alumni are getting more and higher places on global corporate boards, such accomplishments are there for few top business schools.
Also, top Indian B-schools have been getting prestigious places in global rankings recently - but there are only few. Some have also been accredited by highly coveted international accreditation agencies like AMBA, AACSB or EQUIS.
This all have led to some good choices for Indian and international students while deciding on admissions into a good management programme in India. However, management education is generally expensive and choice of B-school has a long-lasting impact on one's career and earnings. Therefore, it is very important to take latest information based decision.
Putting this in mind, the approach taken by BT-MDRA ranking methodology ensures:
>> RELEVANCY: All the parameters and sub-parameters for evaluation need to be relevant and contextual (e.g. number of faculty members alone is not a good indicator of faculty strength, it  has to be in the context of number of students as well - therefore, student-faculty ratio is taken).
>> LATEST: While many rankings rely on past year's data, MDRA goes all out to ensure that current data is used for evaluation as the management education sector in India is highly dynamic.
>> WIDTH: As many as 123 attributes of each B-school are evaluated that contribute to 16 sub-parameters and five parameters in Objective ranking. This is probably the widest and largest set of inputs used in any ranking for evaluation . Also, in terms of sample selection for perceptual rankings, the coverage is from more than 20 cities and towns cut-across the country.
>> DEPTH: It is ensured that deep down information is used to its best while scoring each of the B-schools on each of these 123 attributes. Further, these are validated through various ways including most robust physical audit. While taking perceptual ranking, not only country-wide but zonal rankings are also taken.
The kind of approach and detailing taken by BT-MDRA ranking clearly differentiates and certainly helps in putting fact before fiction. Some like it or hate it, our B-school rankings are being increasingly used for key decision makings and also at policy initiatives. While our rankings attract a lot of attention among all categories of stakeholders increasingly, one might ask how realistic are these rankings?
If one knows the processes and the limitations of these rankings, these are quite near to the real picture and of great help in decision-making. The BT-MDRA rankings give good enough picture and trend to start short-listing institutions for admissions or recruitments. However, as in case of any other product category, the decision making process has to take into account individual preferences and the goal in mind.
Some of the limitations of our rankings are:
>> PARTICIPATION OF B-SCHOOLS: As 50 per cent of the weight to total score for final ranking depends on Objective data provided by these institutions, non-participation by some good B-schools definitely affects the relative ranking. For example, this year IIM Bangalore, IIM Lucknow and IMT Ghaziabad could not participate in ranking which could bring institutions below them some level up in these relative rankings - an institution not deserving top 20 might well enter into this highly coveted league.
>> PERCEPTUAL RANKINGS: 40 per cent of the weight to total score is based on perceptual rankings. Although BT-MDRA ranking methodology ensures that only "experienced" people (deans/ directors, recruiters, final year students, alumni) participate in these perceptual rankings, undoubtedly their perception might also get influenced by visibility, branding and marketing efforts by some colleges who do not deserve a very good rank. In addition, any sample-based survey is prone to sampling and non-sampling errors during selection of respondents, howsoever small that may be.
>> NON-MEASURABLE ASPECTS: The underlying principle of any such comparison lies in comparing what can be measured. For example, an institute having better student-faculty ratio is allotted better score and higher academic qualification of faculty, more experience (both teaching and industry) etc go in their favor. However, it is not easy to answer a question like between two equally qualified faculties, who teaches better? In practice, several things are assumed - e.g. more books means more reading, better infrastructure means better and more usage of them, but these assumptions might not be true.
>> GENERALISATION: There are several sector-specific good programmes such as being offered by MICA, IRMA, IIFM, VAMNICOM, MANAGE, NIAM, etc, which have their own niche market (both students and recruiters). However, due to non-awareness and being clubbed with general management courses rankings, their relative positions stand a chance to suffer.
Knowledge of these limitations would not only help in taking decisions by stakeholders but also in our constant endeavor to make these better over years. Nonetheless, the BT-MDRA ranking methodology has extreme wide and deep coverage in terms of attributes/ parameters for evaluation, participation (the participation is by far the largest among all rankings), stakeholder selection for perceptual ranking and has unique experiential ranking element coupled with strong verification and physical audit system which definitely makes it most credible and sought-after ranking.

Study: Why Apple Pay won t workEMAIL
UBS report outlines four problems with Apple Pay. (Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP)
Investors and consumers might think Apple Pay is a game changer for the cash register. But new research shows there’s plenty of reason why Apple’s effort to dominate payments may not be as magical as some believe.
Apple Pay contains a variety of major shortcomings that will likely limit its ability to be the dominant form of payment in the future, according to a UBS note released to clients this week by analyst Steven Milunovich, quoting payments expert Richard Crone at Crone Consulting. The problems with Apple Pay stem from technical shortcomings of the system relative to other alternatives and the large fees Apple plans to charge, which banks will be eager to escape, the report says.
Specifically, the UBS report outlines four problems with Apple Pay that will limit its dominance in the future, including:
* Onerous fees charged by Apple. Apple is “extracting a pound of flesh” from the banks that issue credit cards that want to allow consumers to use Apple Pay, the UBS report states. These banks are required to sign contracts with Apple giving the gadget maker 0.15% of every credit transaction and half a cent on every debit transaction. The Apple fee is on top of the free charged by the Visa and MasterCard networks. This might not sound like much, but over billions of transactions the fees could amount to $300 per year per wallet in fees to banks. This huge cost creates a powerful incentive for banks to pursue alternatives with lower fees and better technology, which most are doing.
* Inferior technology. A group of merchants are already developing a digital payments technology that has many advantages for merchants and consumers, the report says. Wal-Mart, Best Buy and the Gap are developing MCX technology, short for Merchant Customer Exchange. MCX is a cloud-based solution, making it more secure than the technology used by Apple Pay, the report states. Using MCX the cash register displays a bar code that the consumer reads with their phone. The phone then connects with the cloud for authorization and sends the approval to the merchant. “The MCX approach may be superior,” the UBS report states.
* Little incentive for merchants to adopt Apple Pay-compatible devices. Apple’s claim that 220,000 retail stores have NFC readers that work with Apple Pay — along with contactless credit cards — may be “an overstatement,” Apple says. As many as half of those readers have turned off their wireless capability, Crone stated in the UBS report. Merchant acceptance is what powers new forms of payment, the report states. The wireless upgrades required by merchants to accept Apple Pay lack an incentive since it a new cost, but with no upside. Merchants won’t see lower fees nor will they get a way to collect customer data or provide coupons to consumers. Apple Pay is based on 12-year-old technology that doesn’t allow merchants to offer promotions and other offers.
The reports states that Apple Pay isn’t likely to be a big driver for revenue for Apple anyway. Payment revenue will likely be less than 1% of Apple’s total revenue over the next three years, UBS says. Apple Pay is really just a way to sell more phones and watches, which it might be successful at doing by building hype. UBS rates Apple a “buy” with a 12-month price target of $115 a share. And Crone says in the report Apple Pay at least gets the conversation started about digital payments.
But merchants — and more importantly banks — are not likely to just eat the Apple Pay fees long-term. Just as banks initially teamed up with Intuit to push online bill pay services in the 1990s — but they ultimately ditched those efforts to build their own services, which turned out to be more profitable for them and allowed them to control the customer relationship.
Similarly, many banks jumped initially on the Apple Pay bandwagon at launch. But banks are likely to build their own apps using more modern technology with clearer benefits for merchants and security for consumers over the next year to three years, the report says.
“Allowing intermediaries like Apply Pay to succeed subordinates the brand, commoditizes the experience and creates excessive fees from the perspective of issuers and merchants,” the report says.

Parents remove children from school over Ebola fearsBy DeNeen L. Brown October 8 Follow @DeNeenLBrown
While Dallas leaders are urging calm, the Texas city is still on edge after resident Thomas Eric Duncan was diagnosed with the deadly virus last week. (AP)
DALLAS — Parents of two children who attend school with the daughter of a popular Texas judge who interacted with family members of an Ebola patient removed their children from school Tuesday.
The parents complained that the judge’s interaction with family members placed their own children at risk.
According to Helen Williams, a spokeswoman for Highland Park Independent School District, one of those children returned to school on Wednesday.
Judge Clay Jenkins had driven family members of the Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan to a new location last week. Jenkins was shown on television news entering the apartment with no gloves, no gown and in plainclothes. Jenkins worked even as a cleanup crew cleaned the apartment, dressed in full hazmat gear.
Personal protective equipment and disinfection procedures offer critical protection.
Jenkins appeared later at a news conference wearing the same pale purple shirt, announcing that he had no fear of contracting the virus and was so confident that he was “going home to his wife and daughter.”
He said his actions were to help quell the public’s fear of the disease, which is infectious only when an infected person is symptomatic.
Monday night, David Lakey, commissioner of the Texas Department of Health Services, issued a statement saying that Jenkins’ recent interaction with the family members of the Ebola patient “did not pose a risk to Judge Jenkins or others.” Lakey reiterated that Ebola is spread by only direct contact with an individual who is symptomatic.
Also Monday night, a CDC official released a letter saying that Jenkins had put no one at harm with his actions.
“The household members had been actively monitored that day as contacts of the Ebola patient in Dallas and were known to be afebrile and asymptomatic,” CDC manager Inger Damon wrote. “They were neither ill, nor infectious. Judge Jenkins’ action and moving them posed no danger of Ebola to himself or to anyone else and was consistent with good public health practice.”
[This post has been updated.]
Related:

Spanish case highlights the risks and benefits of repatriating Ebola patientsBy Elahe Izadi and Abby Ohlheiser October 7 Follow @ElaheIzadi Follow @abbyohlheiser
Three more people were placed under quarantine for Ebola at the Madrid hospital where a Spanish nurse became infected, the first case of the virus being transmitted outside of West Africa. (AP)
The first Ebola transmission case outside of Africa, involving a Spanish nurse who was treating an infected priest, has renewed concerns over the repatriation of those who become stricken with the deadly virus in West Africa.
Major questions remain as to how, exactly, the nurse contracted the disease after the Spanish priest was brought home from Sierra Leone for treatment. Health workers protested Tuesday as reports emerged that nurses in the unit had used tape to seal their latex gloves and that their protective suits weren't impermeable.
In the absence of answers, the case in Spain underscores the dangers of caring for Ebola patients, even in developed countries.
"We are taking this as an alert that we need to redouble our efforts to ensure U.S. healthcare facilities are ready to safely manage patients with Ebola," Abbigail Tumpey, spokeswoman for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said via e-mail on Tuesday.
The CDC, she noted, will host training sessions in Alabama this week to teach West Africa-bound health-care providers how to work safely in Ebola treatment wards.
So far, five Ebola-infected Americans have been brought back to the United States from West Africa in specially equipped "air ambulances." Two remain hospitalized: One, who has not been identified, has been treated in an isolation unit at Emory University Hospital since Sept. 9, and another, an NBC News freelance cameraman , arrived at Nebraska Medical Center on Monday.
A Norwegian doctor who became stricken with Ebola while working in Sierra Leone was medevaced to Norway on Tuesday, and a French nurse who contracted Ebola while volunteering with Doctors Without Borders was released from a French hospital over the weekend.
As opposed to the case in Dallas, where Thomas Eric Duncan was diagnosed after traveling from Liberia to the United States through Brussels, the repatriated patients are not people who showed up at U.S. or European emergency rooms unannounced, testing the ability of those facilities to identify a potential Ebola case .
In these cases, hospital officials and health-care workers were expecting Ebola patients, and, in theory, have been prepared to minimize the risk of transmission while caring for them.
Shelly Schwedhelm, nursing director of Nebraska Medical Center's bio-containment unit, said on Tuesday that she doesn't believe it’s possible for a fate similar to the Spanish nurse's to befall one of her staff members or colleagues. “There are always things that can happen, but I feel very comfortable and confident with the personnel and the procedures in the unit,” she said.
But similar situations to the Spanish case are "unavoidable" and "will happen also in the future, most likely," the World Health Organization’s European regional director Zsuzsanna Jakab told Reuters .
"The unfortunate news that's going on in Spain, it can't help but increase some of that anxiety that's going on right now," David Lakey, commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services, said on a conference call with reporters Tuesday. Lakey emphasized that Texas medical personnel are being extremely careful in treating Duncan.
At the Nebraska facility, someone constantly monitors caregivers as they're putting on and removing protective gear, to ensure it’s done properly and in the right order. Gear includes head covers, respirators, gowns, boots, "triple gloves" and visors. All waste from the bio-containment unit is run through a large medical sterilizer called an autoclave.
The Spanish case was briefly discussed in the Nebraska team’s morning huddle Tuesday. But, Schwedhelm said: "Honestly, they’re eager to know what happened, but there are absolutely no concerns for themselves at the moment."
Those working with the repatriated patients in Nebraska -- there are more than 40 of them on the team, Schwedhelm said  -- volunteered for Ebola detail and went through an application process. Many staff members were “eager to get back in the unit” Monday when the center received its newest patient, NBC News cameraman Ashoka Mukpo . The facility's first Ebola patient, missionary doctor Richard Sacra, was discharged late last month .
There are far more West African medical and aid workers than foreign nationals treating Ebola patients on the front lines of the outbreak; Doctors Without Borders alone has about 3,000 in the region, compared to about 250 foreign nationals.
But, public health officials say, allowing for the possibility of repatriation in the event of an infection is a critical recruitment tool as global aid organizations struggle to enlist foreign health-care workers and volunteers.
“We still need to continue the measures for evacuation of staff because we recognize that there's an extraordinary burden carried by health workers and doctors working on Ebola,” WHO spokesman Daniel Epstein said. “They're at the forefront of fighting [the disease].”
Gen. David Rodriguez, commander of U.S. Africa Command, said at a Pentagon briefing on Tuesday that the U.S. military effort to combat Ebola in West Africa would take "about a year," but that the timeline would depend on the spread of the virus and the scope of international participation. (AP)
The United States could see more American patients brought back home; if any U.S. service members contract Ebola during the military's operation in West Africa, they will be brought back to the United States for treatment, Gen. David Rodriguez, the chief of U.S. Africa Command, said Tuesday.
A few voices have come out against bringing Ebola-infected Americans back for treatment. Among those critical of the repatriation of infected aid workers: Donald Trump and Ben Carson. But the public outcry here has been limited.
In contrast, there was widespread controversy in Spain when that nation repatriated a priest from West Africa to the Carlos III Hospital in Madrid, with health-care workers saying the country was ill-equipped to treat him.
Daniel Bernabéu, the president of Spain’s doctors’ trade union, called the move "political rather than health-related," the Guardian reported at the time . He also pointed out that Spain had just one hospital with adequate bio-safety measures -- and that even there, the safety measures lagged behind those found in numerous U.S. hospitals.
In August, after the first repatriated American Ebola patients were discharged in Atlanta, Bruce Ribner, medical director of Emory’s Infectious Disease Unit, said: "We were very hopeful that with the level of support we can deliver in our facility, that we would have a substantially better outcome than our colleagues practicing with lesser developed health care systems."
Ribner, who led the team that treated doctor Kent Brantly and missionary worker Nancy Writebol, noted that the lessons learned in caring for those two patients would "help advance the world's understanding of how to treat Ebola virus infections, and hopefully to improve survival in parts of the world where patients with this infection are treated."
And, he declared: "It was the right decision to bring these patients back to Emory for treatment."
On Tuesday, in Omaha, Nebraska Medical Center's Schwedhelm said she felt similarly about treating Sacra and, now, Mukpo.
"These are Americans and we want to be able to provide them with the best care possible," she said. "I feel very confident, and in doing that, we're fulfilling our role and responsibility. That's what I trained for."
Mark Berman contributed to this report.
RELATED READING:

Why do so many Americans work nights and weekends Blame inequality.By Matt O'Brien October 7 Follow @ObsoleteDogma
Americans work longer and weirder hours than anyone else, and inequality might be to blame.
Here are the facts: In 1979, Americans worked about as much as our European counterparts. But something happened in the intervening years: we've become a nation of workaholics, now logging an extra 250 to 400 more hours a year at the office Europe does. To put that in perspective, that's an additional six to ten weeks of work a year.
Not only do Americans work longer hours, though, but we also work worse ones. As you can see above, more of us are on the clock during nights and weekends than anyone across the pond.
Why? Well, the simple answer is that we work stranger hours just because we work longer ones. Simple, but not entirely correct. As Daniel Hamermesh and Elena Stancanelli point out, Americans who log more than 65 hours a week are 37 percent more likely to work nights and 44 percent more likely to work weekends than people who only work 40 hours. But there's more to it than that. When Hamermesh and Stancanelli looked at time-diary surveys for all these different workers, controlling for age, education, and immigrant status, they found that Americans would still be more likely to work at odd times even if we worked as little as the Europeans.
So Americans aren't just working outside the normal nine-to-five because they're working longer than that. There's something else making them rack up night and weekend hours — and that's pay. Indeed, companies have to offer higher pay to get people to work when nobody wants to. So it's no surprise that low-skill and immigrant workers, who need the extra money most, are the ones taking these jobs. That's also why there's more demand for this kind of overtime work here: we have more inequality and a less generous welfare state than other rich countries.
On the one hand, unlike countries that limit late-night work, it's good that we let people work when they need to. But on the other, it's sad that so many people do need to work weird hours just to make ends meet — and that we don't do more to help them.
Weekends are a luxury the bottom 30 percent can't afford.
Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic.

Virtual Numbers and the Young Billionairesreddit
One of the characteristics of money is that it is virtual and almost unfathomable.  For the wealthiest and the poorest there is never enough.  For the wise, money becomes a tool, an expression of intention. For the fool, it becomes the only goal, a never satisfying end in itself that takes over. Consider the unfathomable trillions we have spent on war in the last decade while contemplating the latest crop of billionaires noted by Forbes .  Such large money numbers are imponderable at first. They need a context and comparables. Where did the money come from, where did it go and why? This is like understanding the whole ecosystem of a Northern evergreen forest compared to a Southern rainforest. But this cannot be done in depth without appreciating the millions of individual trees and plants themselves. Human beings are much more individualized than trees, which makes the generalizations of economists, historians and market pundits touting these big numbers all the more questionable. The way we relate to money is a big part of our individual story. Money is an expression of who we are.
There were a few thirty-something billionaires that seem especially intriguing to consider. I wonder how they relate to their numbers. Putting their wealth aside, how might they relate to the number of soldiers who had boots on the ground in Afghanistan and Iraq that are also in their thirties and will never walk again?  What about the trillion dollars it will take to cover the 900,000 claiming new veterans disabilities for the years ahead?  Or the millions who marched for the climate? Caught in the speed of life, can people with so much wealth take the time to ponder such numbers? Do they have time to think about how much they could do to change the way the world works? Or do they just stay laser focused on "making" more money?
Clearly this varies greatly. The youngest woman billionaire ever, at 30, has been working for years on a new type of blood test that is less invasive. This in itself is a positive and beneficial goal. It will scale because of its relevance, and her stock is valuable because the company is meeting a real need. Her wealth is wrapped up in her cause.  This focus on a "good goal" is less obvious for those billionaires connected to Facebook, Twitter, and, more recently, the online taxi service, Uber, the fastest growing texting service, Whatsapp, or the cool action video camera, GoPro.  But for some of these billionaires there is evidence of a conscience and a desire to give back. My question is what will they do with the billions as they diversify away from their single stock? Will their investments reflect their values?  Will they take the Divest/Invest pledge along with the Buffett pledge to give away half their wealth over time?
Whether they are contemplating such worthy things or not, many of their thirty-something peers are deep in debt, in a nation that has squandered trillions in war in the last decade. Oil was at $25/ barrel in 2005 and the nation had enjoyed a balanced budget and little debt due to the "peace dividend" of the Clinton years. It was our recent hope that we would be again entering another time of peace and prosperity, but instead now it seems we are positioning ourselves for more expensive militarization.
According to Linda Bilmes, the co-author with Joseph Stiglitz of The Three Trillion Dollar War,  in the most recent quarterly newsletter of Economists for Peace and Security or EPS, the current militarization may only cost in the range of tens of billions of dollars per year versus the hundreds of billions that was required to have boots on the ground in Iraq and Afghanistan each year. That is better; but consider what else might be done with so much money. I call this "less bad."
If these young billionaires, along with taxpayers, pension funds and other private investors would collaborate and invest in improvements for our world, in what might tentatively be called the "good," imagine what could be done! If the wealthy ones around the globe who recently marched in support of a healthy planet actually invested their resources in solutions to climate risk rather than owning stock portfolios that support the military/industrial status quo... now we're talking!
I have never loved crowds. I missed a chance to march with Martin Luther King, left Woodstock early despite the music, and stayed in my darkroom at Yale when 10,000 came to protest the legal system. I did not march for the climate. But whether or not you are a believer in mass protests, your individual decisions about money are driving the way this world works. What you buy or sell, borrow or lend, give or take, invest or divest is on your conscience...or not. The individual soldier with boots on the ground ultimately pays the price of war. And though the billionaires may have the most leverage, all individual investors have the power to value what matters to them.
Follow G. Benjamin Bingham on Twitter: www.twitter.com/gbbingham
More:

Dhoni looks to experiment against Windies before Oz tourUpdated: October 7, 2014 18:00 IST
Dhoni looks to experiment against Windies before Oz tour
PTI
PTI M.S. Dhoni (right) refused to buy the theory that India will have an advantage in the series because of Sunil Narine’s absence.
TOPICS
cricket
Mahendra Singh on Tuesday hinted that the Indian team will try out a few things in the home rubber against the Caribbeans starting in Kochi tomorrow.
On the eve of the first ODI at the Nehru Stadium, Dhoni, however, made it clear that although he will look to experiment with a few things, winning the series is of paramount importance for India.
“We want to see the bigger picture here. We want to do a few things (in the series) because you don’t want to go to Australia and say we should have done this, we should have done that. We will see what our cricketers can offer (against West Indies) and I will also see what best I can do,” Dhoni said at the pre-match press conference.
“But it is important to start well and look to win the series. This is first and foremost in our minds,” he stressed.
After the conclusion of the series against the West Indies, India will tour Australia from December 2014 to January 2015, for four Tests followed by an ODI tri-series that will feature England as well.
So understandably, queries on India’s preparation for the Australia tour took most of the attention.
In the absence of injured Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane is expected to take up the responsibility of opening the batting.
But Dhoni did not mince words when he said he always prefers Rahane over Rohit in the opening slot, and even hinted that the former can be asked to take up the role in Australia.
“I personally feel Ajinkya (Rahane) has really held through his job as an opener, even in IPL he opens. He has been very consistent against both seamers and spinners. He should take the responsibility of being the opener. Ajinkya has opened for us in the past also in England earlier, not in the recent tour, before that,” Dhoni said.
“Ideally, Ajinkya as an opener and Rohit down the order suits us but that is something we will have to wait and watch. Definitely, we have some plans in that area. I still feel Ajinkya has much more to offer,” he added.
Insisting that death bowling is a “genuine concern”, Dhoni said India will need to address the dearth of a lethal pace attack before the Down Under tour and the World Cup.
“We have to get the executions right. We have to improve because we do not have too many fast bowlers who bowl quick and still maintain a good line and length. If you do not bowl quick and stray in line, it will be easy for a batsmen. Executing plans are not negotiable. Successful bowlers always bowl good yorkers and mix it up with slower deliveries,” the skipper said.
West Indies will be without the services of Sunil Narine in the series as he was dropped after the mystery spinner was reported for suspect action during the recent CLT20.
Dhoni, however, refused to buy the theory that India will have an advantage in the series because of Narine’s absence, and said it is time the ICC clamps down on offenders.
“What we need to see is what is right and what is wrong. If you do not have a proper, good action, you have slight advantage over other bowlers. Definitely what is legal should be allowed but at the same time, it is for the ICC to decide what is illegal. I feel no undue advantage should be given to anyone,” the India captain said.
“Definitely, I feel it is a good decision because if you do not clamp down now, you are unfair to other bowlers who have clean action. The concerned can get it cleared and come and play. We are not taking anybody’s name but generally it is important to clamp down on bowlers with illegal action.”
Asked about Kuldeep Yadav’s surprise inclusion in the team for the first three ODIs, Dhoni said the rookie left-arm spinner deserved to be tested at the international level following his impressive showing in the CLT20.
“We will see as to how he (Kuldeep) copes up with international cricket. What we saw in the Champions League Twenty20 was that being a wrist spinner he was getting a bit of purchase and still he has the knack of confusing the batsmen.
“We will see how he copes up with higher levels of cricket, how he soaks up the pressure in front of over 40,000 people,” he said.
With dew expected to play a part in tomorrow’s series opener, Dhoni said toss will be crucial.
“When we were practicing this morning we asked the groundsmen about the dew factor. In such cases the toss becomes vital. In the first innings if you are bowling there is not much dew. So the spinners can bowl a bit freely. If there is dew, toss will be crucial but will see how it is before start of the game,” he signed off.

Punj Lloyed Surges 10% on Asset Sale BuzzYou are here: Home Market
Punj Lloyed Surges 10% on Asset Sale Buzz
NDTV | Updated On: October 08, 2014 10:49 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Shares in Punj Lloyed surged over 10 per cent to Rs 39.40 on Wednesday after media report suggested that the company plans to sell non-core assets.
Punj Lloyed is planning to raise over Rs 1000 crore through asset sale to pare its debt and to invest in new projects, the report said.
Another media report said that the commerce ministry has cleared 33 proposals in the defence sector to boost domestic defence manufacturing. Punj Lloyed's proposal was one among the 33 proposals.
As of 10.16 a.m. shares in Punj Lloyed traded 6.15 per cent higher at Rs 38 apiece outperforming the Nifty which was down 0.1 per cent.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 10:38 (IST)

Banks Can Shift Excess Bonds From Held-to-Maturity 3 More Times in 2015: RBIWhy Rupee Hit Nine-Month Low against Dollar
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India has allowed banks to shift their excess bond holdings to trading portfolios from the held-to-maturity (HTM) basket three more times in 2015 to adhere to its roadmap on HTM cut.
Usually banks are allowed to transfer bonds to and from HTM to available-for-sale and held-for-trading once a year in April.
The transfers can be done in January, July and September next year and will be excluded from the 5 per cent cap prescribed for selling or transferring securities to and from HTM in a year, the RBI said.
At the monetary policy review on September 30, the apex bank had prescribed the roadmap for lowering HTM gradually, starting from January till September.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Samsung brings arbitration against MicrosoftNEW YORK, October 7, 2014
Updated: October 8, 2014 02:06 IST
Samsung brings arbitration against Microsoft
Reuters
AP A Samsung Electronics showroom at its headquarters in Seoul. File photo
TOPICS
company information
Samsung Electronics initiated an arbitration proceeding in Hong Kong against Microsoft Corp on Tuesday, amid ongoing U.S. litigation over smartphone patent royalties.
The arbitration was disclosed in a court filing in a lawsuit Microsoft filed in August in New York federal court accusing Samsung of refusing to make royalty payments after it announced its intention to acquire Nokia’s handset business.
Samsung said it filed the request for arbitration with the Hong Kong office of the International Court of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce.
The arbitration was commenced under the terms of a business collaboration agreement “to resolve a dispute concerning the calculation of success credits under that agreement,’’ Samsung said.

Live Cricket Score: IND vs WI  1st ODIMarlon Samuels, with an unbeaten 126, equalled his highest — 126 vs Bangladesh — in One-day Internationals in Kochi on Wednesday (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Kochi | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:39 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:04 pm
West Indies put behind an acrimonious pay dispute with their Board to spank number one ranked India by a huge margin of 124 runs in the first one-dayer to take a 1-0 lead in the five-match series.
SCORECARD: IND vs WI
The Caribbeans, who were on the verge of boycotting the ODI, rode on Marlon Samuels’ career-best equalling 126 not out to post 321 for six and then shot out the Indians for 197 in 41 overs in a rather one-sided contest at the Nehru Stadium.
India paid the price for some mediocre bowling and shoddy batting as they were outplayed by the crisis-hit visiting team in all departments of the game to suffer a heavy defeat.
Indian bowlers gave away too many runs at the second part of West Indies innings to allow the visitors pile up a big total after being put into bat and then the much-vaunted home batsmen, except for Shikhar Dhawan (68), failed to fire on a batting pitch.
Most of Indian batsmen were out on poor shot selection and they could not stitch any substantial partnership in the face of some tight bowling by the visiting bowlers, the highest being the 49 in 8.4 overs for the opening wicket between Dhawan and Ajinkya Rahane (24). Dhawan’s scratchy 68 came from 92 balls with the help of nine fours.
Ravindra Jadeja (33 not out) was the other Indian batsman who scored more than 20 runs.
West Indies, even without their mystery spinner Sunil Narine, could tie down the top Indian batsmen who failed to get the runs when required.
Chasing a huge target of 322 for a win, India could not get to a good start as Rahane was run out in a bizarre mix-up in the ninth over with just 49 on board.
Rahane tapped the length ball off Ravi Rampaul on the pads between short fine leg and square leg and after taking the first run quickly, he wanted a second and continued to run hard. But, Dhawan went back after taking a step and both found themselves at the keeper’s end and Rahane had to depart for the dressing room.
Virat Kohli (2) continued his struggle for form and even on a batting pitch, he could not do much and got dismissed the next over after facing just five balls. Kohli defended a Jerome Taylor delivery which held its line on the backfoot with an angled bat and the outside edge flew to Sammy at wide slip for a low catch.
Ambati Rayudu (13) looked like he would settle down for a partnership with Dhawan but lasted just six overs before he was out in the 16th over.
India were in a spot of bother when Rayudu was out at 82 for three but the home side’s chances of a win was dealt a blow continued…
Samuels signalled his return to ODI cricket with a brilliantly crafted unbeaten century as West Indies put up a commanding 321 for six

WICB offers apology  says players may abandon Kochi ODIThe future of the Kochi ODI hangs in balance with the WICB issuing an apology in advance. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Posted: October 8, 2014 10:59 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:04 pm
The West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) on Wednesday said that some of its players are considering to abandon the first One Day International (ODI) between India and West Indies.
Also Read: On eve of first ODI, West Indies players and cricket board spar over revenue
WICB issued a press release, saying, “The WICB apologises to the fans, the BCCI and all other stakeholders should the first ODI be disrupted as a result of player action. The WICB is making every effort to ensure that it fulfills all its commitments and that cricket is played.”
This comes amid a tussle betweem WICB and West Indies Player’s Association (WIPA) over revenue sharing.
While captain Dwayne Bravo skipped the pre-match press conference on Tuesday, the other team members decided to miss the training session in Kochi.
However, the BCCI has told WICB to sort out their differences as soon as possible.
But with the WICB now trying to look for a “reasoned approach,” there is ambiguity about the future of the Kochi ODI.
The WICB apologises to the fans, the BCCI and all other stakeholders should the first ODI be disrupted

D.C. area forecast: A delightful duo of days today and tomorrow; weekend showersA somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 0 to 10.
10
Good vibes all around, as sunshine returns and temps hit the sweet spot (~75-80) with a nice breeze.
Express Forecast
Today: Partly to mostly sunny, a bit breezy. Highs: Mid-70s to near 80.
Tonight: Mostly clear. Lows: Mid-40s to mid-50s.
Tomorrow: Mostly to partly sunny. Highs: Mid-70s.
FORECAST IN DETAIL
After yesterday’s brief hiatus, the sun returns today and we’ve got a nice breeze to boot. Overall it’s just about as good as it gets for October (or any time of year, really). Tomorrow isn’t too shabby, either, before a stalled front complicates things for Friday into the weekend. Some occasional showers are possible during this period, though it’s hard to say how many and when.
Today (Wednesday): Any early-morning clouds quickly give way to a partly to mostly sunny and delightful day. Highs rise to the mid-70s to near 80, buoyed by a mild breeze at 10-15 mph from the west, with no humidity to speak of. Confidence : High
Tonight: The breeze diminishes during the evening and mostly clear skies set the stage for a comfortable night. Lows range from the mid-40s in the coldest suburbs north and west, to the low-to-mid 50s downtown. Confidence: High
For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock . Keep reading for the forecast through the weekend…
Tomorrow (Thursday): Mostly sunny morning skies may turn partly cloudy at some point during the afternoon. Regardless, its’ a rather terrific Thursday as highs head for the mid-70s. That breeze is a mild one once again, around 10 mph from the west. Confidence: Medium-High
Tomorrow night: Clouds increase from the west during the evening with mostly cloudy skies overnight. The clouds help keep temperatures up a bit, as lows settle in the 50s area-wide, and could produce a few showers after midnight (30% chance). Confidence: Medium
A beautiful day on the Bay, Sept. 30. ( John Young via Flickr )
A LOOK AHEAD
Friday through Sunday shapes up as a more unsettled period with an uncertain forecast. The culprit is a front that threatens to stall out nearby, leading to partly to mostly cloudy skies and the chance of a few showers here and there both day and night, with daytime highs in the 60s to near 70. For now at least, the pattern doesn’t seem conducive to an extended washout, and it’s even possible that high pressure centered over the Great Lakes could suppress shower activity on Sunday. But forecast confidence is not terribly high. Confidence: Low-Medium
Dan Stillman is a meteorologist and editor for the Capital Weather Gang. He earned an M.S. in Meteorology from Texas A&M University, and a B.S. in Atmospheric, Oceanic and Space Sciences from the University of Michigan.

Cyclone Hudhud heads to Indian coasts  to hit Andhra  Odisha on October 12Oct 08, 2014 at  02:18pm IST
Cyclone Hudhud heads to Indian coasts, to hit Andhra, Odisha on October 12
25
1
Bhubaneswar: Cyclone Hudhud is fast approaching the Indian coasts and is expected to hit Andhra Pradesh and Odisha on October 12.
A cyclonic storm will cross north Andhra Pradesh and adjoining Odisha coast by Sunday noon, IMD officials said on Wednesday.
"The Deep Depression over north Andaman Sea and neighbourhood ... intensified into a cyclonic storm 'Hudud' and lay centred at 0830 hours today over North Andaman Sea and adjoining Southeast Bay of Bengal," said an India Meteorological Department bulletin.
The cyclone developing over the Bay of Bengal is expected to hit northern Andhra Pradesh and south coastal Odisha around October 12.
#odisha #cyclone #hudhud #imd
"It is now crossing Andaman and Nicobar Islands close to Long Island. Thereafter, the system would continue to move west-northwestwards, intensified further into a severe cyclonic storm during the next 24 hours, subsequently into a very severe cyclonic storm and cross north Andhra Pradesh and adjoining Odisha coast between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur by Oct 12 noon," the bulletin said.
Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnail said that the state was ready to deal with the situation. "I have just reviewed the situation. All preparation have been made. All the concerned departments have contingency plans to face the situation," he told reporters.
The NDRF department too is on toes following the cyclone alert. "12 teams are ready. The cyclone is in deep depression. It can go into cyclonic storm. The speed is expected to be 140 kmph," said MK Yadav, Commander, NDRF.
It advised fishermen not to venture into the sea and asked those who have ventured into deep sea to return immediately.
(With inputs from IANS)

New listing  de-listing regulations next mon...Capital markets
(Sinha also pointed out that…)
MUMBAI: The capital markets regulator Sebi today said it will come out with new listing and delisting guidelines next month, revamping the existing listing agreements, and made it clear that corporates would have to adhere to it.
"We are moving away from the existing listing agreement to listing regulations. The listing agreement is an agreement with companies and exchanges. Now, it will have a force of regulations..there will be a hierarchy of regulations and will have higher force, then an agreement," Sebi chairman U K Sinha told reporters on the sidelines of a capital markets summit organised by the industry lobby Ficci here.
Sinha also said the Sebi is close to finalising new delisting guidelines and will release them next month.
"The whole idea is to tell corporate India that we are now more serious about these regulations being followed," he said.
But the regulator did not elaborate on the punitive measures.
Sebi had earlier this year released a discussion paper on revamping the delisting agreements and to come out with listing/de-listing regulations, and had sought feedback on its proposals from various stakeholders.
"We are finalising new delisting guidelines as there are no trading in some stocks and promoters are finding difficult to delist the shares. We will announce guidelines under which delisting can happen in a fair way with investors' protection," he said.
Sinha also pointed out that the committee on review of insider-trading norms has submitted its report. The regulator is examining these recommendations before coming out with new norms in the current financial year itself.
FEATURED ARTICLES

If its on sale  I need itUpdated: October 7, 2014 19:07 IST
If it’s on sale, I need it
PRABALIKA M. BORAH
The Hindu The online craze. Photo: P.V. Sivakumar
The Hindu Browse, shop, rejoice. Photo: K. Murali Kumar
Special arrangement
human interest
Wicked jokes apart, online shoppers are playing safe while still being greedy
This festive season don’t just mall hop, try doing some serious site-hopping as well to bag the best deals. With alluring offers and marketing gimmicks of great discounts and tantalising offers you really need to cut through the hype to make the best use of online shopping sites. With Deepavali round the corner, there are bound to be discounts galore as online retail biggies look to make a killing as the entire nation goes on a shopping spree.
Meanwhile the site that offered the big billion sale and crashed by afternoon but kept sending mails late in the afternoon announcing that only ‘a few hours left’, has left some shoppers fuming and others cracking up. By early afternoon, Twitteratis were seen having a whale of a time. One tweet sure knew how to explain the impossible: ‘Even Rajnikanth couldn’t buy anything on Flipkart.’ 
Scientists, engineers, agriculturists, teachers, everyone joked alike.BeingIndian put up a poster which read ‘I smoke 2 packs ciggies a day. Lied to my gf that I smoke 4 packs. Today I told her I have reduced it to 2 packs. She is happy. I am Flipkart.’ This post went up on a page called Mad over Marketing (M.O.M) and the laughs were never ending. 
Then there were picture posts of animal drawn carts with the animal hanging in the air, held aloft by an over loaded cart.
So now can we say ‘RIP big billion sale’ ? Maybe not yet. The sale scenario has shifted from malls to online and tele-shopping, with budding actors doing their best to show how it’s all your money's worth to buy that kundan set or the bed sheet pack of 6 for just Rs. 1000.  
Online marketing is getting smarter than merely offering a pen drive on purchase of clothes for over Rs 650. They also lure with ‘we are missing you on this sale,’ or better still 'have you tried our bras from Germany?’ Some also claim to know what piece of furniture your house wants and it says, ‘your hunt for the perfect mirror/chest of drawers/TV cabinet/bar ends here.’
And when a sale is announced in the beginning of a month, can anyone resist? 
This, despite problems in buying without actually checking what you buy. “I bought a set of four bed sheets from an online site that sells home needs and furniture. I am happy with the quality but the corners don't meet when you fold it. These are defective pieces packed with one good bed sheet. While the size and material isn't the problem, I am unhappy with the mismatched ends. When I cribbed, my husband turned around and rhymed off what I usually say–‘itnea paise mein itna hi milega’.
There is no end to the tales of impulsive buying, ‘I wear only cotton clothes but bought a georgette shirt because Limeroad was offering it for less.’ 
Retailers think they are smart but shoppers are no fools, especially those who do window shopping all day. Except that the window is on a computer or a laptop. Avid shopper Jewel Samson says, “Almost every other site has a difference in price. If one has the time he/she should browse and shop at leisure to get the best deal.” 
To get the ‘cracker of a sale’ or free shopping you don’t need to end up junking your house. Deepavali is round the corner, so remember the cleaning involved and how clingy we tend to get during such a time.  
Oh by the way Amazon is declaring their sale soon. 

Cyclonic storm Hudhud to hit coast on October 12Updated: October 8, 2014 18:13 IST
Cyclonic storm 'Hudhud' to hit coast on October 12
Satyasundar Barik
Tweet
Special Arrangement Latest satellite imagery of cyclone 'Hudhud’. Image courtesy: IMD
IMD The deep depression over north Andaman Sea and neighbourhood moved west-northwestward, intensified into a Cyclonic Storm ‘HUDHUD’ and lay centered at 0830 hrs IST of 8th October 2014 over north Andaman Sea.
TOPICS
cyclones
The storm, which lay centered about 1150 km southeast of Gopalpur, is expected to cross north Andhra Pradesh and adjoining Odisha coast between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur.
The deep depression over north Andaman Sea has intensified into a cyclonic storm ‘Hudhud’ which is mostly likely to intensify into a very severe cyclonic storm.
“The cyclonic storm ‘Hudhud’ lay centered about 1150 km southeast of Gopalpur. It was crossing Andaman and Nicobar Islands close to Long Island. Thereafter, the system would continue to move west-northwestwards, intensify further into a severe cyclonic storm during the next 24 hours, subsequently into a very severe cyclonic storm,” said S. C. Sahu, Director of Bhubaneswar Meteorological Centre here on Wednesday.
The cyclonic storm would cross north Andhra Pradesh and adjoining Odisha coast between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur by October 12.
“When it would hit the coast, the wind speed of cyclonic storm could be between 120 km per hour and 140 km per hour. As the system will come closer, we will be in a position to pin-point the exact location where landfall would occur,” said Dr. Sahu.
He said, “atmospheric conditions including sea surface temperature are favourable for the system to get intensified. At present, the speed of storm is between 10 km and 15 km per hour. Clouds formation has already begun around the system.”
“From October 11 evening, southern Odisha districts will start receiving rainfall. It will get heavier next on October 12. Interior pockets of the State would heavy rain around October 13,” predicted Bhubaneswar Met Centre director.
He further said, “catchment of rivers Rushikulya, Vansadhara and Lower Mahanadi would receive heavy rain. On the next day (October 13), upper catchment of Mahanadi, Brahamani and Budhabalanga would get heavy rainfall. It is apprehended that some places in Rushikulya and Vansadhara rivers would receive around 100 mm of rainfall.”
“Analysis of various models makes it clear that there are little chance of cyclonic system would veer from its present course,” Dr. Sahu said.
Last year, on October 12, a very severe cyclonic storm ‘Phailin’ had hit Odisha coast at Gopalpur causing extensive damage.

The great divide: Bridging the education-employability gap15
1
The new academic year is well under way. Every day, students from across all differentiating lines get ready, neat partings and pressed shirts, and set off to receive a quantum of knowledge. Every day, guardians watch their wards, as they tote a bag of ruled books that will document their journey through the year, aspirations pinned firmly to their backs. Not withstanding the myriad instances of sexist leanings, in general, this is a nation of dreamers who dream the upwardly mobile dream.
Qualifications, certifications and degrees form the foundation for this hoped future, and the success stories that surround them constitute a proof of concept. Education is no end to itself, such extravagance being ill conceived, given the context. Rather, an education is a means to achieve the relatively lasting security of salaried employment. The greater the length of the alphabet soup after one's name, the grander one's grasp of the world as we know it. Right? Wrong! The way we "do" education has seen some dismal results in this particular employment-chasing endeavor, which tell a different story...
It is said that India is at the throes of an education boom. The business of education and education-adjacent services is thriving, an indication that there is a healthy market demand for the same. Anecdotal accounts of educational institutions "mushrooming" across boundaries are popular entry points to a conversation about the current state of affairs. It is in those exchanges that one begins to hear the rumblings of concern about the phenomenon of graduates being "churned out," an image that is decidedly more unflattering than not. It is indeed a facsimile of positive development that more individuals are emerging with degree rolls in their hands than ever before.
Qualifications, certifications and degrees form the foundation for this hoped future, and the success stories that surround them constitute a proof of concept.
#education #employability #qualifications #certifications
However, it would be well worth it to concern ourselves with the very quality of those qualifications. What does it mean to hold a degree in Engineering? What area of knowledge has one truly 'mastered' when one waves a Master's degree about? What does one imagine a graduate to actually be able to do? After all, one only wins that sought-after salaried job if one can prove the ability to do things.
The 2014 National Employability Report, published by Aspiring Minds (AM), is revealing. In overall terms of employability, AM's statistical model conveys that a minimum of 47 per cent of the five million graduates were not fit  to be employed in any sector. In specific terms, let's zoom in to look at the numbers for the sector most closely related to computer science. The report refers to a parent set that includes sub-sectors such as Information Technology (IT) services, IT products, IT enabled services (ITeS), and knowledge/ business process outsourcing and support. The aptitude test administered by AM is designed to cover objective parameters of employability such as English communication, quantitative skills, general problem-solving skills, computer science and programming skills. The sub-sector that absolutely demands a command over computer science and computational thinking, and not just computer literacy, is "IT Products". This is where solutions are created and released for actual application in the real world. Industry-ready employability in IT-Product graduates?
This is a severe serving of reality. The report published in 2010 states in no uncertain terms, "For India to maintain its competitive advantage, the education institutions needs to produce industry-ready candidates." Indeed, immediate intervention is required in the way that graduates are being produced. As we chart a graduate's learning trajectory, it becomes clear that immediate intervention is required in the way that students develop thinking-process skills, clarity of thought, and cross-disciplinary computational skills. It becomes clear that this is a matter of exposing a student to such development as early as possible in their ride along the education timeline.
This reality was precisely the impetus for creating a program committed to providing a learner with a holistic experience that combines knowledge of computer fundamentals, with an imperative to first grasp the foundational principles behind any concept or application skill. The development of the very same thinking skills that will ultimately deem an individual "industry ready" is gently begun at an age as young as 6 years old (Grade I). Given the undeniably dire state of affairs in the quality of our "degree holders," we hope to represent that kind of change that targets the issue at the grassroots level.
Here's to an India without the great education-employability divide.
(Author Rupesh Shah is CEO, InOpen Technologies)
25

Quartz Daily BriefAmericas editionAmazons stop-and-frisk  Yums food-safety slump  Symantec split-up  inheritingGood morning, Quartz readers!
What to watch for today
Amazon goes before the US Supreme Court. Its workers are forced to stand in line for up to 25 minutes to be searched for stolen goods, and are suing the company for not paying them for their time. The Obama administration—which has plenty of federal employees who go through similar checks  (paywall)—has sided with Amazon.
Europe’s leaders discuss the euro zone. After the IMF predicted that Europe has a one-in-three chance of re-entering a recession  (paywall), politicians  convene in Milan to figure out what, if anything, can be done.
The US Federal Reserve opens the vault. Investors will comb through the  minutes of September’s monetary policy meeting  for clues on when the Fed will raise rates. Separately, former Fed chairman Ben Bernanke testifies about the 2008 bailout of AIG .
PepsiCo loses fizz, gains bite. Sugar-water sales are flagging, but PepsiCo is also in the snack business , and investors are expecting a 1.2% increase in sales despite the soda slump.
We see a blood moon rising. As you read this the moon is passing entirely through the Earth’s shadow, giving it a blood-red glow . Skywatchers on the US west coast have a good view, and Alaskans will get the full effect. If you’ve missed it, don’t worry—the next lunar eclipse is in April 2015.
While you were sleeping
Hong Kong’s chief executive was accused of corruption. CY Leung received a secret £4 million ($6.4 million) payout from an Australian engineering company while serving as Hong Kong’s top government official, according to the Sydney Morning Herald. Leung, who is facing calls to resign from pro-democracy protesters, claims the payments were not made in exchange for any future services.
Kenya’s president stands accused of crimes against humanity. Uhuru Kenyatta arrived at the International Criminal Court in The Hague to face questions about his role in the violent aftermath to Kenya’s 2007 elections , in which more than 1,000 people were killed. Kenyatta appointed his deputy to temporarily serve as president to avoid becoming the first serving leader to face charges at the court.
Symantec is the latest splitter-upper. The tech company is considering a plan to divide itself into separate storage and security businesses , following in the footsteps of HP and Ebay/Paypal.
The US and Turkey are squabbling while Kobani hangs in the balance. As ISIL forces continued to push into the Kurdish town, US officials are frustrated that Turkey’s military isn’t playing a bigger role . Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan acknowledged that the town was about to fall, but said Turkey would not get more deeply involved unless the US agreed to give more aid to Syrian rebels .
More evidence of slower spending in China. The HSBC/Markit services purchasing managers’ index, which tracks smaller companies than the government’s index, fell to 53.5 in September , from an 18-month high of 54.1 in August. (A figure above 50 indicates expansion.) Meanwhile, retail sales growth during the country’s “Golden Week” holiday slowed to 12.1% , from 13.6% last year.
The bidding war for Allergan got complicated. The manufacturer of Botox has turned down repeated takeover offers from  Valeant Pharmaceuticals and hedge fund manager Bill Ackman , but might be willing to consider bids of $200 per share from Activis, sources told Reuters . Valeant and Ackman are considering raising their offer for Allergan by $4.5 billion  (paywall).
Quartz obsession interlude
Leo Mirani on the simple device that could turn any car into a connected car. “Look under the hood of most modern cars and you will be hard pressed to identify what part does what. As a result, drivers suffering a fault with their cars must take the word of the garage or dealership when they say something is wrong with it. Being able to see what’s going on under the hood on your smartphone ‘allows a better relationship between consumer and vehicle,’ says Pavan Mathew, O2’s head of connected cars.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
Kim Jong-un is just fine. His top aides wouldn’t have traveled to South Korea if there was a power vacuum.
Stay-at-home dads don’t deserve extra praise. But it’s hard to resist giving it to them.
America doesn’t care about Syria’s Kurds. It only cares about the stability of Iraq .
Never, ever, pay a ransom. Doing so only encourages future kidnappings .
Ebola is the ISIL of viruses. Or the Putin of Stalin, or the North Korea of peanut allergies—in short,  stop using ridiculous metaphors .
Surprising discoveries
There is one US highway that uses the metric system. It’s done so since the 1980s, when some Americans still thought the system would stick .
Blame DNA for your crippling caffeine addiction. How your body processes the stimulant is determined by 10 separate genes .
Going to the gym increases job satisfaction. Especially if you take time off work to exercise .
It pays to play video games. One US college is handing out 35 “athletic” scholarships  for “esports” stars.
Bangladesh discovered the secret to making people poop indoors.  “Shame and disgust” public messages  are key.
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, redundant ransom cash, and toilet shaming strategies to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Air India flight to Pantnagar fromOct 14Air India flight to Pantnagar from Oct 14
Our Bureau
Mumbai, Oct. 8:  
Air India will operate a direct flight between Delhi and Pantnagar, Uttarakhand, starting from October 14.
The four times a week flight will operate on Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Sunday, with an ATR aircraft.
Flight 9I 815 from Delhi will depart at 1430 hrs and reach Pantnagar at 1530 hrs. The return flight 9I 816 will leave Pantnagar at 1550 hrs, to arrive in Delhi at 1650 hrs, the carrier said in a statement.
Pantnagar is a gateway point to the famous Jim Corbett Wildlife National Park and picturesque tourist destinations like Nainitial, Ranikhet and Bheemtal, it added.
In the recent past, Air India has launched flights to six regional stations such as to Bhuj from Mumbai, to Lilabari, Tezpur, Silchar, Guwahati and Shillong from Kolkata.
The airline also operates flights from Port Blair to Car Nicobar under charter agreement with the Andaman Nicobar Island Administration. Air India’s regional fleet of 8 ATR and CRJ aircraft covers 28 stations in India.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

India Inc likely to see lower growth in Q2  FY15: CrisilIndia Inc likely to see lower growth in Q2, FY15: Crisil
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 08, 2014 03:30 PM IST
Indian industry is likely to log lower revenue growth of 9-10% for the second quarter of the current fiscal due to slower exports expansion and weak performance by the investment sector, research firm Crisil said today.
On the profitability front, Crisil foresees a 0.5% basis points y-o-y jump in EBITDA (operating profit) margins in Q2 FY15.
"Crisil Research expects India Inc. To report a revenue growth of 9-10% year-on-year in the September 2014 quarter, lower than 13% growth reported in the June quarter, due to slower growth in export-oriented sectors and the continued weak performance of investment-linked sectors," the firm said in a release.
The forecast is based on an analysis of 600 companies, except financial services and oil companies, representing 71% of the overall market capitalisation of India Inc.
Export-oriented sectors have been performing extremely well in the past 5 quarters. However, in the July-September quarter, the rupee appreciated by 3% against the USD on a y-o-y basis; so no gains will be reported on that front.
"Despite healthy volume growth, we project revenue growth of IT service providers to decline to an 8-quarter low of 12%. Similarly, revenue growth of the pharmaceutical sector is also forecast to fall to 14% from 16.3% in the preceding quarter," said Mukesh Agarwal, President, Crisil Research.
In textile sector, cotton spinners are likely to see 9% revenue decline on lower export demand from China.
Automobile and steel sectors are expected to post 12-14% revenue growth on the back of higher sales volumes as well as strong performance of overseas operations of some companies.
FMCG companies are likely to grow by about 15%, propelled by an increase in realisations and superior product mix, Crisil said.
"Investment-linked sectors such as construction and capital goods will continue to perform poorly, as the pace of project execution continues to be tardy," it added.
Crisil said however that the cement industry is forecast to buck the trend and is expected to see revenue growth of 15-17%, driven largely by increase in realisations on a low base of last year.
"The steel and cement sectors will see a 0.9% and 1.8% improvement, respectively, owing to higher realisations," said Prasad Koparkar, Senior Director, Crisil Research.
The research firm expects the IT services' sector margins to improve by about 0.85% due to better employee utilisation.
It said surge in data revenues and cost control will drive a 1.1% expansion in EBITDA margins of telecom operators.

Govt may exempt FTA channels from 12 min ad-capBroadcasting Minister
(The 12-minute advertisement…)
NEW DELHI: Free to Air channels may soon get relief as the Government is mulling a rule change which would allow them to show more advertisements than the present ad-cap of 12 minutes per hour.
"We are taking a decision....that Free to Air (FTA) channels should be exempt from the restriction of the 12 minutes ad-cap," Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar said here today.
The Minister, however, indicated that for Pay Channels the existing limit of 12 minutes per hour of advertisements would continue and suggested that the proposed rule change could become a sort of incentive for them to turn FTA.
He said that the consumer's burden has to be reduced and if a channel is showing "too many" advertisements then it should also be Free to Air.
Javadekar was speaking at a meeting of a task force on digitisation held here. He told reporters that the 12 minute restriction is appropriate for pay channels.
"But for FTA channels, which are providing programmes for free, is this restriction necessary for them? I don't think this is needed. And we will soon take a decision in this regard," he said.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India has stipulated that there should be a 12 minute cap on advertisements that channels can show in an hour. However, several broadcasters have been opposing this rule.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Americans Betzig and Moerner  Germany s Hell win Nobel Chemistry Prize2 Americans, 1 German win chemistry Nobel for giving microscope sharper vision
AP
print
Chemistry Nobel prize winners (From L to R) Eric Betzig, Stefan Hell and William Moerner. (AP and Reuters Photo)
Two Americans and a German scientist won the Nobel Prize in chemistry Wednesday for finding ways to make microscopes more powerful than previously thought possible, allowing scientists to see how diseases develop inside the tiniest cells.
Working independently of each other, U.S. researchers Eric Betzig and William Moerner and Stefan Hell of Germany shattered previous limits on the resolution of optical microscopes by using glowing molecules to peer inside tiny components of life.
Their breakthroughs, starting in the 1990s, have enabled scientists to study diseases such as Parkinson's, Alzheimer's and Huntington's at a molecular level, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said.
"Due to their achievements the optical microscope can now peer into the nanoworld," the academy said, giving the 8 million-kronor ($1.1 million) award jointly to the three scientists for "the development of super-resolved fluorescence microscopy."
Betzig, 54, works at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Ashburn, Virginia. Hell, 51, is director of the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry in Goettingen, Germany, and also works at the German Cancer Research Center in Heidelberg. Moerner, 61, is a professor at Stanford University in California.
"I was totally surprised, I couldn't believe it," said Hell, who was born in Romania.
"Fortunately, I remembered the voice of Nordmark and I realized it was real," he added, referring to Staffan Nordmark, the academy's permanent secretary.
The Nobel judges didn't immediately reach Moerner, who was at a conference in Brazil. He found out about the prize from his wife after she was told by The Associated Press.
"I'm incredibly excited and happy to be included with Eric Betzig and Stefan Hell," Moerner told the AP.
For a long time optical microscopes were limited by, among other things, the wavelength of light. So scientists believed they could never yield a resolution better than 0.2 micrometers.
But the three scientists were able to break that limit by using molecules that glow on command. The advance took optical microscopy into a new dimension that made it possible to study the interplay between molecules inside cells, including the aggregation of disease-related proteins, the academy said.
Hell has used these methods to study nerve cells to get a better understanding of brain synapses; Moerner has studied proteins related to Huntington's disease; and Betzig has tracked cell division inside embryos, the academy said.
"I'm convinced that as a result of this discovery, as a result of the fact that we can see details at much higher spatial resolution, we will find out much quicker what is going on in the cell if a disease emerges," Hell said.
"Any disease, in the end, can be boiled down to a malfunctioning of the cell. And in order to understand what a disease actually means, you have to understand the cell and you have to understand the malfunction."
Moerner said scientists can now tell whether individual molecules are different or the same.
"It's very much like asking whether they all march to the same drummer or not," Moerner told the AP. "When you can watch one by one, then we are able to observe exactly when it changes from one state to another."
Tom Barton, president of the American Chemical Society, said the laureates' work allowed progress in many fields because it let scientists see molecules and other features with unprecedented resolution and lets them study very fine details of living things. In contrast, while an electron microscope can see even finer details, it can't be used on living cells.
"Before, maybe, we could just see the contours of bacteria. But now we can look inside the bacteria and we can see things as small as individual molecules," said Nobel committee member Claes Gustafsson.
"This technique means that suddenly we can start studying details that we could only dream of before. This is really a revolution, because as recently as 15 years ago, it was believed to be theoretically impossible to break this barrier," he said.
Last year's chemistry prize went to three U.S.-based scientists who developed powerful computer models that researchers use to understand complex chemical interactions and create new drugs.
This year's Nobel announcements started Monday with U.S.-British scientist John O'Keefe splitting the medicine award with Norwegian couple May-Britt Moser and Edvard Moser for breakthroughs in brain cell research that could pave the way for a better understanding of diseases like Alzheimer's.
On Tuesday, Isamu Akasaki and Hiroshi Amano of Japan and U.S. scientist Shuji
Nakamura won physics award for the invention of blue light-emitting diodes - a breakthrough that spurred the development of LED technology that can be used to light up homes and offices and the screens of mobile phones, computers and TVs.
The Nobel Prize in literature will be announced Thursday, followed by the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday and the economics prize on Monday.
The prizes are always handed out in ceremonies on Dec. 10, the date that prize founder Alfred Nobel died in 1896.

Focus on border  not on polls: Sena tells PM ModiSena, Cong attack Modi over border firing by Pak
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 08, 2014
First Published: 12:27 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:17 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
The Congress and the Shiv Sena used the border firing issue to attack Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday, saying he should focus on the country’s security with Pakistan pounding Indian posts along the border in Jammu over the past week.
 
An editorial in the Shiv Sena mouthpiece, Saamna, slammed Modi for spending time addressing election rallies across Maharashtra, saying Pakistan has been emboldened by the government's failure to take firm steps against the firing which has left eight civilians dead so far.
 
“Maharashtra politics can come later. The country’s security is important. Modiji, please stop tolerating the indiscretions of Pakistan,” said the Sena, an ally of the BJP for 25 years until they snapped ties last month over sharing of seats in the state assembly polls.
 
In an obvious jibe at Modi who often talked of his 56-inch chest at his election rallies, the Shiv Sena said you don’t need a “56-inch chest” to protect the interests of the nation.
Read: Why is PM soft on Pak, China, asks Rahul
 
“Whether a 56-inch chest can save the country or not is debatable. But if you have the will to protect your country, then anyone can do it,” said the editorial
 
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi also hit out at Modi, saying he had done nothing to stop the Pakistani shelling which has wounded more than 70 people and forced thousands to abandon their homes along the border.
 
“Before the Lok Sabha polls, Modi used to speak of adopting an aggressive approach towards China and Pakistan. Now, despite so many provocations, the PM is not doing anything for the last three months,” Gandhi said at his first campaign rally for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly elections at Mahad in Raigad district.
 
“When the Prime Minister was enjoying a swing with the Chinese President, thousands of their soldiers were occupying our land in Ladakh,” he said.
 
The shooting, which started more than a week ago, has seen some of the most intense violence between India and Pakistan in about a decade.
 
The firing has strained India-Pakistan relations which hit a low after New Delhi called off foreign secretary-level talks in August following the Pakistani high commissioner’s meeting with Kashmiri separatist leaders.
                                                                                                                      
This year has been particularly volatile along the border and the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir, which is due for assembly polls as Pakistan typically ratchets up border tensions every time the state holds elections.
With agency inputs

New York: America s most innovative cityMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

American  German scientists win 2014 Nobel Prize in chemistryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

I was initially hesitant to play negative role: Vatsal Sheth on working in Ek HasinaThiPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 5:02 pm
Actor Vatsal Sheth, who plays a negative role of a spoiled brat in TV show ‘Ek Hasina Thi’, says he was initially skeptical to play the character because he has a ‘good boy’ image onscreen.
“I essay the role of Shaurya Goenka, who is a spoiled rich brat and an arrogant playboy. He is unlike a hero. Shaurya is an edgy character and a contrast from the good guy I have played so far.
“I didn’t really expect that the character will be receive well. I was initially confused to take up the role because I never thought that I could pull off a negative character,” Vatsal told PTI.
The 34-year-old actor, who got his big break in Bollywood with ‘Tarzan – The Wonder Car’, followed it up with ‘Nainhe Jaisalmer’ and ‘Heroes and Hostel’, made his TV debut with the Star Plus show.
“I chose the show because I found the script engaging. The characters are very unique on the show. Even if we talk about my character, it’s not an out-and-out negative role. He is a lovable negative guy,” he said.
Currently on the show, Vatsal is paralysed and wheelchair bound. “I am lucky that there are so many variations to the character. It’s a learning experience for me to act on a wheelchair. As I cannot move, I have to act through my facial expressions,” he said.
Also starring Sanjeeda Sheikh, Bhuvnesh Mann, Simone Singh and Ayub Khan, the show is a revenge drama where Sanjeeda’s character is seeking to avenge the rape of her sister by Shaurya.

Sensex down 25 pts in choppy trade; Infosys plunges 4.70pcThe 50-share NSE Nifty also ended in negative terrain with a marginal fall of 9.70 points, or 0.12 per cent, at 7,842.70.
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 4:58 pm
In choppy trade, the BSE Sensex today ended over 25 points lower with IT stocks led by Infosys recording losses, but oil & gas, PSU, metal and banking shares rose, avoiding a steeper fall in the benchmark index.
After opening in the negative zone at 26,229.67, the Sensex slipped further to touch the day’s low of 26,150.09 on continued capital outflows and selling by retail investors, tracking weak cues from overseas markets.
Buying in select blue-chip stocks wiped off initial losses and barometer rose to day’s high of 26,338.31. It finally settled at 26,246.79, 25.18 points, or 0.10 per cent lower than its previous close.
It had lost 358.54 points in the previous two sessions on negative domestic as well as global factors.
The 50-share NSE Nifty ended in negative terrain with a marginal fall of 9.70 points, or 0.12 per cent, at 7,842.70.
Nifty moved between 7,869.90 and 7,815.75 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Brokers said sentiment is hit by persistent capital outflows, weak trends in global markets and the IMF’s cut its growth forecast for global economy next year to 3.8 per cent.
Participants were cautious ahead of the earnings season beginning later this week with Infosys posting July-September quarter results, brokers said.
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 332.84 crore yesterday.
OF 30-share Sensex, Cipla, Dr Reddy, Hero MotoCorp, Sun Pharma, TCS and Wipro fell, while 19 others ended higher. Hind Unilever ended flat.
IT services major, Infosys plunged 4.70 per cent to Rs 3,650.20 amidst reports that global financial services major Citigroup has downgraded the stock to ‘neutral’ from ‘buy’, dragging the BSE IT sector index by 3.44 per cent.
Healthcare index fell 3.27 per cent and Teck index by 2.83 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Oil & Gas index rose 1.69 per cent as shares of RIL, ONGC and GAIL caught buyers’ fancy. PSU index up 1.61 per cent.

Carzonrent  Tata Motors pact: Rent Nano at R...Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Car rental firm Carzonrent and Tata Motors have inked a pact to launch an initiative in the Delhi/NCR region, under which customers would be able to hire a Tata Nano car for self drive at just Rs 399 per day.
As part of the 'Myles City Drive' initiative, Tata Motors would supply 200 Tata Nano Twist cars to Carzonrent fleet for self-drive service in the Delhi/NCR region.
"This association with Tata Motors is a step forward on Carzonrent's endeavour to build long term partnerships with auto manufacturers to develop a dynamic ground mobility landscape in India," Carzonrent Ltd Managing Director and CEO Rajiv Vij said.
Under the initiative, Delhi-based Carzonrent would also offer the Nano cars to customers on a hourly basis at Rs 99 and also for a whole month at a rent of Rs 6,999.
Customers would also be able to book the car online as well as rent directly from the company's 43 operational centres across the Delhi/NCR region.
Vij said the Myles City-Drive with Nano Twist is aimed at empowering customers and to enjoy everyday life a little more.
Commenting on the initiative, Tata Motors Head Institutional Sales Deepankar Tiwari said: "Through this partnership we will reach out to a larger customer base and give them an opportunity to experience the Nano in a self drive avatar."
Carzonrent, which started Myles (self drive) initiative last year, currently has a fleet of around 600 vehicles under the vertical.
"We started this initiative last year with a fleet of 14 cars. Now the self drive vertical has 600 cars and we expect it to touch 5,000 units by 2016," Vij said.
The company currently offers various cars ranging from Mahindra e20 to Mercedes-Benz under the self drive initiative across 16 cities in the country.
Elaborating on the 'Myles City Drive', Vij said the company would first begin with Delhi/NCR and later expand to other parts of the country.

DCB Bank: Outcome of committee meetingOct 08, 2014, 05.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
DCB Bank: Outcome of committee meeting
DCB Bank has informed that in respect of the QIP, the Capital Raising Committee of the Board (CRC) at its meeting held on October 08, 2014, inter alia, has passed the following resolutions: 1. Approved the closure of the QIP on October 08, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
DCB Bank: Outcome of committee meeting
DCB Bank has informed that in respect of the QIP, the Capital Raising Committee of the Board (CRC) at its meeting held on October 08, 2014, inter alia, has passed the following resolutions: 1. Approved the closure of the QIP on October 08, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
DCB Bank Ltd has informed BSE that in respect of the QIP, the Capital Raising Committee of the Board (CRC) at its meeting held on October 08, 2014, inter alia, has passed the following resolutions:1. Approved the closure of the QIP on October 08, 2014.2. Approved the issue price of Rs. 82.15 per Equity Share (share), which is at a discount of Rs. 4.30 per Equity Share, to the Floor Price of Rs. 86.45 per Equity Share, for the Equity Shares to be allotted to eligible qualified institutional buyers in the QIP; and3. Approved and adopted the Placement Document (PD) dated October 08, 2014, in connection with the QIP.Source : BSE

MK Exim India: Outcome of AGMOct 08, 2014, 05.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MK Exim India: Outcome of AGM
MK Exim India has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MK Exim India: Outcome of AGM
MK Exim India has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
MK Exim India Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Excel Crop Care: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 08, 2014, 05.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Excel Crop Care: Updates on outcome of AGM
Excel Crop Care has submitted a copy of the Minutes of the 50th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 11, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Excel Crop Care: Updates on outcome of AGM
Excel Crop Care has submitted a copy of the Minutes of the 50th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 11, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Excel Crop Care Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of the 50th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 11, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Ceasefire violation: India gives free hand to border security forces to deal with Pak firing  say sources12
0
New Delhi: India on Wednesday toughened its stand on Pakistan with sources saying that the Centre has given a free hand to the security forces along the border to deal with Pakistan firing as they saw fit.
"The PM has told the NSA (National Security Advisor) that there is no question of succumbing to Pakistan. The PM said that there will be no talks with the Pakistan border forces till firing stops," the sources said.
There has been no end to the ceasefire violations by Pakistan in the month of October. On Wednesday, two civilians were killed and six injured in fresh firing at Samba along the international border.
#pakistan #ceasefire violation #jammu and kashmir #narendra modi
The firing has stopped as of now but the situation remains tense.
Pakistani troops have also been resorting to mortar shelling beyond the international border in interior areas. Villagers have been advised to stay indoors.
MoS PMO Jitendra Singh, who is at the Indo-Pak border firing zone, told CNN-IBN that he hoped the situation would normalise in a few days.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh, meanwhile, has directed the Border Security Force (BSF) to continue retaliating to Pak firing.
Sources say that a decision on a flag meet between the two countries will take place depending on the situation on Wednesday night.
Seven people have died and more than 60 injured in the incessant firing by Pakistani troops over the past eight days.
270

Modi for governments that concur with eachotherComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses a BJP election rally in Sonipat on Wednesday. (Source: PTI photo)
Propounding a new theory, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday sought a majority for BJP in Haryana Assembly elections so that the same party can rule both at the Centre and the state in the interest of development.
“The Centre and the state can be close to each other (an apparent reference to the geographical proximity of Delhi and Haryana), but if the government at the Centre and the state are on the same wavelength (apparently run by the same party) the results will be different,” he said addressing a public meeting here on his third leg of campaigning for the October 15 polls.
“Mujhe pass pass wali sarkar nahin, sath sath wali sarkar chahiye (I need governments that concur with each other),” he said, making an obvious reference to the need for governments of the same party at the Centre as well as in the state.
“I am working on the idea of ‘Team India’ where the Centre and the state will jointly take the country further on the development path. We are not enemy of the states, but we want to strengthen them so that the entire country gets strengthened,” he said.
Referring to governments other than those run by BJP in states, he said few are concurring (saath saath) in nature.
However, Modi said if a government that is elected in Haryana does not permit him to enter here, how will it be possible (to help Haryana in development).
He urged the electorate to choose a government in the state so that he is able to serve them.
“Elect a government of absolute majority in Haryana,” he told the gathering.
Laying emphasis on Centre-state ties, he said, “Till now, 1 plus 1 was two as the state stood next to the Centre. I want to change this mathematics so that 1 plus 1 becomes 11. I want to create that strength. This will help India become 11 times powerful and it would not take any time to change the fortunes of the country”.
He said that he was eager to help Haryana as it is close to Delhi.

Rekha to appear on Kapil Sharmas comedyshowPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 5:49 pm
Bollywood screen diva Rekha is all set to appear on ‘Comedy Nights with Kapil’, her first TV appearance in a decade, to promote her upcoming film ‘Super Nani’.
The 59-year-old actor, who was last seen on chat show ‘Rendezvous with Simi Garewal’ in 2004, will appear as a guest on the Kapil Sharma’s popular show this weekend.
“One of my favourite picture… Zanju (Kapil’s adopted pet Zanjeer) playing with Rekha ji,” Kapil posted on twitter along with the picture of the actress.
On the show, Rekha revealed that she started her career in showbiz as a six-month-old child.
“My first screen appearance had no dialogues. I was only six-month-old. I had an older boy playing my elder brother, who fed me ice-cream and all I had to do was enjoy the ice-cream he fed me!,” she said.
‘Super Nani’ is based on Gujarati play, ‘Baa Ae Maari Boundary’. It gives a strong message to all the women that their power lies within themselves and all they need to do is discover and use it.
Also starring Sharman Joshi, Randhir Kapoor and Anupam Kher besides Rekha, the film is slated to release on October 24 with ‘Happy New Year’.

Aamir Khan in Nepal for Unicef nutritionprogrammeAamir Khan on Wednesday (October 8) participated in a Unicef-initiated nutrition programme organised by a local women's group at Kapilvastu in western Nepal. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Indo-Asian News Service | Kathmandu | Posted: October 8, 2014 5:34 pm
Bollywood actor Aamir Khan on Wednesday (October 8) participated in a Unicef-initiated nutrition programme organised by a local women’s group at Kapilvastu in western Nepal.
Aamir Khan , who is Unicef’s Ambassador promoting nutrition for children, arrived in Kathmandu Tuesday.
The Indian cine icon spent around an hour at the Pakadi Health Post in the district where health officials and women volunteers made a presentation on local nutrition status. After attending the programme, Aamir left for Lumbini, the birth place of Lord Gautama Buddha.
Aamir returned to the Nepali capital Kathmandu after visiting the Mayadevi Temple in Lumbini.
During the visit, he will also be officially inducted as a regional goodwill ambassador for nutrition.
Aamir’s three-day visit to the Himalayan nation has been kept a low-key affair in view of possible security hassles due to the Bollywood superstar’s wide fan-following in Nepal.
He landed with his personal security personnel at Tribhuvan International Airport here Tuesday afternoon in a Jet Airways flight from Mumbai. A dozen Nepal Police personnel have been deployed for his security at Dwarika’s Hotel where he is staying at a high-end suite. Nine additional rooms have been booked for 18 other guests and UN officials accompanying him.
Before wrapping up his visit, Unicef Thursday will organise a press conference where Aamir will share his Nepal experience.

JK BJP to approach Centre for rehabilitation of borderresidentsPress Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: October 8, 2014 5:22 pm
In the backdrop of continued ceasefire violations by Pakistani troops and loss of several lives, BJP in Jammu and Kashmir on Wednesday said it will approach the Centre for providing an alternative land to the border residents for their rehabilitation in safer zones.
“Demand of alternative land being raised by the border residents is genuine and BJP would pursue this case at appropriate platform,” general secretary of the state unit of BJP, Bali Bhagat, said.
He said that the party has decided to take up this issue with the Union Government.
“We have also asked the state government to provide alternative land to the border residents at safer zones because Pakistani soldiers are repeatedly targeting civilian population,” Bhagat, said.
The BJP leader visited Kanachak belt along with some other partymen and met people affected by the shelling from Pakistan.
Bhagat also visited houses of some people, including that of Ram Lal at Dub Sooden camp of 1971 refugees.
Lal lost three cows due to the shelling from across the border. The hapless family is on the verge of starvation because they were earning their livelihood by selling milk of these cows.
“It is high-time to teach Pakistan a lesson for killing civilians on this side of the border,” Bhagat said.

Modi has done nothing to stop Pak shelling despite provocations: RahulGandhiModi has done nothing to stop Pak shelling despite provocations: Rahul Gandhi
Mahad |       October 8, 2014 8:38 pm
Comments
In his speech, Rahul did not mention former ally NCP with which it parted ways just ahead of the election. (Source: Express photo by Narendra Vaskar)
With shelling and firing by Pakistani troops continuing to claim civilian lives in Jammu and Kashmir, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday targeted Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying he has done nothing to stop it despite “many provocations”.
“Before the Lok Sabha polls, Modi used to speak of adopting an aggressive approach towards China and Pakistan. Now, despite so many provocations, the PM is not doing anything for the last three months,” he said, addressing his first campaign rally for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly elections at Mahad in Raigad district.
“When the Prime Minister was enjoying a swing with the Chinese President, thousands of their soldiers were occupying our land in Ladakh….,” he said.
On Modi’s recent US trip, Rahul said, “During the visit, the Prime Minister thought of how medicines on diabetes and cancer, produced by companies there, could be sold in India.
“As a result, medicines costing Rs 8,000 will be available in India for Rs one lakh,” the Congress leader said.
He also hit back at Modi for his Congress-free India slogan, saying it was “impossible”.
“BJP says it wants to make India Congress-free. They do not realise that ideology of Congress, India and Maharashtra is the same. It is not possible to make India Congress-free,” he said.
Children flashing Congress placards during the rally of party vice president Rahul Gandhi at Mahad in Raigad district. (Source: Express photo by Narendra Vaskar)
 
“BJP feels that only one person (Modi) can take India forward. It does not talk of taking forward any ideology,” he said.
Rahul conceded that BJP’s “marketing” was good. “As  far as poll campaign is concerned, I must say their marketing is good,” he said.
In his speech, Rahul did not mention former ally NCP  with which it parted ways just ahead of the election. When it was pointed out that the Congress nominee in the area was pitted against Shiv Sena, Rahul asked voters to defeat the rival Sena candidate.
A woman talking to Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi after his rally at Mahad in Raigad district. (Source: Express photo by Narendra Vaskar)
“A vote for Congress is vote for fast development of Maharashtra. Prithviraj Chavan is a leader with a clean image. Maharashtra will progress under his leadership,” Rahul said, apparently backing the former Chief Minister as prospective candidate for the top job if the party is voted to power once again.
Later, addressing another poll rally at Ausa in Latur, Rahul Gandhi launched a scathing attack on Narendra Modi for questioning the contribution of Congress in continued…

Ebola: Liberia by the numbers (24/7 Wall St.)Among the most troubling aspects of the spread of the Ebola virus is that the nations hit hardest are among the poorest in the world and, therefore, have few resources to treat those with the disease and prevent its spreading.
Liberia ranks 126th among all nations based on population, at 4.4 million.
Liberia is among the poorest economies in the world, ranking near the bottom of the list in gross domestic product (GDP) and income per person, among other things.
Based on International Monetary Fund (IMF) data for 2013, Liberia ranks 132nd based on GDP on a nominal basis at $1.9 billion. It ranks 184th based on GDP (nominal) at $703 a year.
In the IMF’s evaluation of Liberia in April, the organization reported :
Liberia’s economic performance in 2013 was strong and the outlook for 2014 is positive. Real GDP growth is estimated at 8.7 percent in 2013 reflecting increased iron ore production and an acceleration in private and public investment. For 2014, GDP growth is projected to moderate to about 6 percent, as mining output stabilizes.
Budget implementation through December 2013 has been constrained by revenue shortfalls. The overall fiscal deficit is still projected to reach 3.8 percent of GDP in 2014 (fiscal year), as envisaged at the time of the last review, as the authorities were able to reduce current spending. The authorities are strongly committed to preserving current expenditure savings and to implementing decisive measures to raise revenue collection in the reminder of the fiscal year, including by addressing the backlog of taxes in the concessions sector and collecting fees owed by state entities.
Those positive assessments have almost certainly been wiped out by the spread of disease.
The economy is commodity driven, which may help its growth over time. The CIA Factbook’s report reads:
Liberia is a low income country that relies heavily on foreign assistance. Civil war and government mismanagement destroyed much of Liberia’s economy, especially the infrastructure in and around the capital, Monrovia. Many businesses fled the country, taking capital and expertise with them, but with the conclusion of fighting and the installation of a democratically elected government in 2006, several have returned. Liberia is richly endowed with water, mineral resources, forests, and a climate favorable to agriculture, and iron ore and rubber have driven growth in recent years. Liberia is also reviving its raw timber sector and is encouraging oil exploration. President JOHNSON SIRLEAF, a Harvard-educated banker and administrator, has taken steps to reduce corruption, build support from international donors, and encourage private investment. Rebuilding infrastructure and raising incomes will depend on financial and technical assistance from donor countries and foreign investment in key sectors, such as infrastructure and power generation. The country achieved high growth during 2010-13 due to favorable world prices for its commodities. In the future, growth will depend on global commodity prices, on sustained foreign aid, trade, investment, and remittances, on the development of infrastructure and institutions, but mostly on maintaining political stability and security.
As many experts have observed, that aid has to come in the form of medical aid, for the time being, or the Liberian economy could suffer a decimating blow.

http://usat.ly/1oQhclRFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
ADP: Wage growth is accelerating
Wage growth is picking up more rapidly than government reports show, according to new data from top payroll processor ADP, suggesting that the economic recovery may be more robust than believed.
Post to Facebook
ADP: Wage growth is accelerating Wage growth is picking up more rapidly than government reports show, according to new data from top payroll processor ADP, suggesting that the economic recovery may be more robust than believed. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xoy7kF
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
27
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
ADP: Wage growth is accelerating
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 2:59 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
U.S. workers are seeing faster wage growth, payroll processor ADP says.(AP/ Pat Carter)
(Photo: J Pat Carter, AP)
159 CONNECT 167 TWEET 115 LINKEDIN 27 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Wage growth is picking up more rapidly than government reports show, according to new data from top payroll processor ADP, suggesting that the economic recovery may be more robust than believed.
Hourly pay for private-sector workers was up 4.5% in the third quarter compared to a year ago, a new ADP report reveals, much higher than the 2% annual growth reported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
According to the BLS, wage increases have averaged 2% through most of the five-year-old recovery, barely keeping pace with inflation. The failure of hourly earnings to accelerate despite substantially stronger job growth this year has surprised economists who say stagnant pay has held back brisker consumer spending.
But the ADP data show that annual wage gains accelerated from about 2% in early 2013 to nearly 3% in last year's second quarter. Pay increases have risen steadily since.
"Wage growth is indeed meaningfully picking up," says Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody's Analytics, which helps ADP compile its employment reports.
Economy gains 248,000 jobs as hiring rebounds
ADP's report likely overestimates wage growth for the entire economy, Zandi acknowledges. Its report covers 24 million employees of firms that contract with ADP to handle their payrolls. Companies that can afford ADP's services likely are doing better than US businesses overall and may be better equipped to give bigger raises, he says.
Still, Zandi says, the ADP data reflects a clear trend that should show up in government reports by early next year.
At the same time, he says, BLS figures likely have underestimated pay increases. One reason is that its survey includes earnings for management employees who aren't paid by the hour but whose hours are estimated by employers, Zandi and other economists say.
That's why some economists put more stock in BLS's tally of pay increases for production workers, who are paid hourly. That figure has shown a faster pickup in earnings gains over the past year -- 2.3% in September, down from 2.5% the previous month.
The ADP data, he says, more accurately calculates hourly earnings for all types of employees.
Another reason BLS reports slower wage growth is that it figures in overtime and certain bonus pay. That practice likely pushed wage data higher when such compensation was rising sharply a couple of years ago but it may now be holding down reported pay increases, Zandi says. ADP calculates increases in base pay only.
BLS's overall earnings figures also likely have been nudged lower by the retirement of higher-paid baby boomers and the entry into the work force of lower paid Millennials, Zandi says. ADP wage data, he says, are less sensitive to movements into and out of the labor force.
In the third quarter, ADP says, pay rose fastest, about 4.8% over the year, for financial and construction workers. Construction firms have faced a shortage of skilled workers as the housing market has recovered. Pay hikes of at least 4.2.% were broad-based across all major industries, the report says.
Wages increased the most, 4.7%, in the West, which has benefited from a stronger housing recovery, and fast-growing energy, technology and tourism sectors. Workers under 35 and those earning less than $50,000 a year also are seeing bigger raises, according to the report.
The ADP report also spotlights an increasingly dynamic job market, with 6.3% of all employees changing jobs last quarter, up from 5.8% a year ago.
"That bunker mentality is fading," Zandi says.
ADP each month releases a private-sector employment report that attempts to foreshadow  the BLS's closely followed jobs survey.  This marks the first time ADP has released data on employee wages and turnover.
Wage gains suggest stronger economic recovery
Data from payroll processor ADP says worker pay is rising twice as much as federal reports show, indicating the U.S. economic recovery is stronger than perceived. Twelve-month percentage changes in hourly wages, by quarter:
Sponsored by

Think & act like an entrepreneur
D.C. Taxi protest could snarl downtown trafficBy Lori Aratani October 8 Follow @loriara
A line of taxis wait to pick up passengers at Union Station on May 5. (Nikki Kahn/The Washington Post)
D.C. taxi drivers caused traffic delays in downtown D.C. midday Wednesday as they drove as a caravan  in protest of new rules that will allow app-based services such as uberX, Lyft and Sidecar to operate in the District permanently. While there were no major traffic problems, the cab drivers did create plenty of noise with honking horns, delays around Pennsylvania Avenue and 14th Street NW. A twitter picture also showed a driver possibly being arrested by D.C. police. We will update this post as we learn more.
A similar protest in June snarled traffic in the downtown area for several hours.
On Wednesday morning, taxi cab drivers tried to drive in a caravan from Haines Point to Freedom Plaza at 14th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue NW. At times, they couldn’t stay together because of stop lights and other cars passing by. They did cause some temporary road closures and traffic delays as they got closer to Freedom Plaza and the Wilson building around lunch time. Just after noon, police closed Pennsylvania Avenue between 12th and 14th streets NW.
Some following the protest tweeted –
Stay away from Freedom Plaza if you want to avoid a bad jam. @wusa9 @wamu885news pic.twitter.com/ju0f6ovL7y
— Martin Di Caro (@MartinDiCaro) October 8, 2014 There was a also social media report of a cab driver being “taken out of car physically in handcuffs,” according to Jim MacKay with WNEW.
Cabbie that either wouldn’t move or get out of cab, taken out of car physically in hand cuffs @WNEW pic.twitter.com/zTahDGEtwz
— JimMacKayWNEW (@JimMacKayWNEW) October 8, 2014 Cabbies were told not to block traffic, so they said they’d circle Freedom Plaza. Not working. @wusa9 @wamu885news pic.twitter.com/wiQuWL7FRA
— Martin Di Caro (@MartinDiCaro) October 8, 2014
 The taxi drivers had said they were protesting legislation, sponsored by Council members Mary Cheh (D-Ward 3) and David Grosso (I-At Large), that they say creates a two-tier system. The legislation received initial approval from the council Tuesday and will likely go back to the council for a final vote later this month.
Dana Hedgpeth contributed to this report.
Lori Aratani writes about how people live, work and play in the D.C. region for The Post’s Transportation and Development team.

Rupee gains for third session on debt-related dollar inflowsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Government will examine complaints on Flipkart sale: SitharamanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Real estate fund to raise Rs 1 500 crore to invest in residential propertiesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Aussie market falls to 8-month low on growth woesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India adopting Israel model against Pakistan: BilawalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex down 25 pts; Infy plunges 4.7% ahead of Q2 earningsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

NMDC unlikely to cut iron ore pricesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee closes 61.38 against US dollarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

When it is expected to cross that figure rajivNew Member
91 Followers
Lloyd electric was languishing over 500 in 2008 and it tumbled and retraced to where it is now. I believe considering the monopolistic position and entry barriers - company is grossly undervalued by Mr. Market. Company i believe got a bright future is a Proxy of India`s Industrial, Infra and Consumer sectors growth.
5.32 PM Oct 8th

From tomorrow the share will quote ex bonus .Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The stock avg holding price for most investors is now nearly 33 thats ...Platinum Member
346 Followers
the stock avg holding price for most investors is now nearly 33 thats why it UP marginally ..... loss is sell unless traded ..... the elusive 40 is still to come at closing time ..... hope it moves up now
6.02 PM Oct 8th

2014 Nobel Prize for Chemistry awarded for bringing optical microscopy into the nanodimesionOct 08, 2014 at  05:29pm IST
2014 Nobel Prize for Chemistry awarded for bringing optical microscopy into the nanodimesion
5
0
Stockholm: Eric Betzig, Stefan W. Hell and William E Moerner was awarded the 2014 Nobel Prize for Chemistry on Wednesday for their path-breaking work in the development of super-resolved fluorescence microscopy.
While Betzig, Moerner are from the United States, Stefan W Hell is from Germany.
The Nobel Laureates in Chemistry 2014, have successfully brought optical microscopy into the nanodimension. They employed fluorescent molecules to circumvent the limitation that optical microscopy would never obtain a better resolution than half the wavelength of light.
The Nobel Laureates in Chemistry 2014, have successfully brought optical microscopy into the nanodimension.
#nobel prize for chemistry #nanoscopy #optical microscopy #eric betzig
Nanoscopy is the visualisation of the pathways of individual molecules inside living cells. It enables scientists to see how molecules create synapses between nerve cells in the brain; track proteins involved in Parkinson's, Alzheimer's and Huntington's diseases as they aggregate; and follow individual proteins in fertilized eggs as these divide into embryos.
It was all but obvious that scientists should ever be able to study living cells in the tiniest molecular detail. In 1873, the microscopist Ernst Abbe stipulated a physical limit for the maximum resolution of traditional optical microscopy: it could never become better than 0.2 micrometres. Eric Betzig, Stefan Hell and William Moerner have been awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry 2014 for having bypassed this limit. Due to their achievements the optical microscope can now peer into the nanoworld.
Two separate principles are rewarded. One enables the method stimulated emission depletion (STED) microscopy, developed by Stefan Hell in 2000. Two laser beams are utilized; one stimulates fluorescent molecules to glow, another cancels out all fluorescence except for that in a nanometre-sized volume. Scanning over the sample, nanometre for nanometre, yields an image with a resolution better than Abbe's stipulated limit.
Eric Betzig and William Moerner, working separately, laid the foundation for the second method, single-molecule microscopy. The method relies upon the possibility to turn the fluorescence of individual molecules on and off. Scientists image the same area multiple times, letting just a few interspersed molecules glow each time. Superimposing these images yields a dense super-image resolved at the nanolevel. In 2006 Eric Betzig utilized this method for the first time.
Today, nanoscopy is used world-wide and new knowledge of greatest benefit to mankind is produced on a daily basis.
1

Smart performance  communication skills yield better results for CFOsSmart performance, communication skills yield better results for CFOs
Deepak Narayanan        Last Updated: October 7, 2014  | 11:49 IST
Deepak Narayanan,co-founder, MyCFO
In recent years, CFOs have assumed increasingly complex, strategic roles focused on driving value creation across the business. Growing shareholder expectations and activism, more intense M&A, mounting regulatory scrutiny over corporate conduct and evolving expectations from the finance function have put CFOs in the middle of corporate decisions.
While financial performance is what it is, the CFO's role in helping stakeholders interpret the numbers in the context of the business environment is critical. This article explains the significance of the role that CFOs have to play in managing investors, communicating with customers, suppliers and internal teams, bridging cultures in M&A situations, without dropping the ball on day-to-day finance functions.
In a changing business environment, the CFO is tasked with creating economic value through smart performance. It is also his responsibility to ensure that the value thus created  is visible and an easy to understand parameter for investors and other stakeholders to gain their confidence and trust.
Businesses today are rapidly undergoing a metamorphosis in India. From the traditionally managed family-run businesses with traditional/informal performance measurement mechanism, traditional modes of raising capital and a certain lack of permeance of transparency through the organisation about the future, we are beginning to see an increasing number of existing, as well as new-age, companies with a professional outlook living in an environment which is increasingly inter-connected and inter-dependent. The one key element that has changed in the way of doing business in this modern landscape is the flow of information.
 
The new age CFO , therefore, must now realise that he is no longer expected to linger in the background and surface every time the results are to be announced. As the one person in the organisation that has intimate knowledge of both the past performance and the expected future growth it becomes his responsibility, not only to steer the company towards a better future through smart performance but also be able to provide a transparent, big picture view of the future, to internal stakeholders, customers and investors.
What is smart performance?
A CFO today understands that the word 'performance'  has a broader meaning  than just the underlying numbers. There has been a shift in focus in measuring performance from profits to profitability, earnings to economic value and so on.  The focus is on creating 'value' which comes from both increased sales, driving better margins, increase efficiencies in operations amongst others which improves stakeholder confidence and builds company valuations.  Smart performance would, therefore, mean looking constantly for opportunities to improve economic profits for the company both inside (operational productivity) and outside (sales). Smart performing companies and their CFOs are serially identifying, recording, measuring, comparing and finding ways to improve scores on the  short and long term value and growth metrics. by working on:
Processes and Systems
One of the challenges that companies face is for them to constantly look at improving each of their key processes, be it the sales, operations, HR etc. The CFO plays an extremely important role in defining the key metrics and more importantly tracking them on a consistent bias which not just helps in measuring business performance but also bring out possible areas where process improvements are possible. The need to evaluate and implement systems particularly IT systems that cut across functions and integrate them is a role that most CFOs are involved with. The CFO's input in the selection, design and implementation of an integrated system (ERP) which involves massive amount of change management cannot be emphasized more. In that sense, the CFO is only next to the CEO in terms of importance within the organisation.
Vision Alignment and relentless execution
Being a leadership role, it is essential for the CFO to have alignment with the CEO/Company's vision. Let me illustrate this with an example - We recently had an opportunity to work with this company, which was on a high growth trajectory and was looking to grow its revenues to 2x in the next 3 years. The CFO and the Finance leadership team needed to be ready to support this aggressive growth path by providing the CEO decision making support and putting in place performance management systems. The company struggled with multiple "versions of the truth" and a lack of standard performance measures, resulting in management discussions that were all too often spent on reconciling differences in assumptions. Sponsored by the CFO, a project was created to focus on transforming the finance function into a highly valued partner in the business. The CFO set out to lead a strategic change in the business by establishing and modeling a high-performance culture in finance and then transferring it to the rest of the organization with the help of HR.  Alignment of thought process and being able to articulate the company's vision is paramount for a good CFO.  The CFO also needs to have a strong buy in to the CEO/Company's strategy and should also play the role as an implementer of the thought process/ strategy to the hilt. Increasingly, CFOs are playing a key role in developing and implementing strategy within their company, partnering with CEOs to creatively design growth opportunities for the future. Successful CFO leadership requires a deeper understanding of strategy, increased leadership skills, and an ability to effectively communicate financial acumen and knowledge to non-financial colleagues. A CFO cannot wait for things to happen, having an entrepreneurial bent of mind to get things done is the key.
Communication
A number of CFOs that we meet today spend a considerable part of their time in communicating with investors and analysts. The CFO needs to communicate on an ongoing basis and also provide an assurance on the direction and pace of growth.  It is important for the CFO to be seen as 'independent', to be able to provide insights on all aspects of business and be transparent. A CFO has got to do the communication himself/herself as far as possible so that the intent of what is being communicated is not lost or misinterpreted. Any kind of misinterpretation can have significant implications on the company concerned. Larger organizations build investor relations teams who work closely with the CFO and who feed information or analysis relating to the company or the industry which could be of importance to analysts who track the company's shares closely.  Regular engagement with the market/investors and with the analysts is crucial in building investor confidence.
A CFO needs to work closely with multiple stakeholders. A CFO probably needs to work hard on influencing others, improving his/her diplomatic and people management skills. It helps a great deal if the CFO is seen as someone who participates and contributes to strategic discussions, which helps in building influence particularly with the board of directors and investors. A CFO needs to be a leader, understand the business dynamics and be familiar with all the elements of the business as well as the operating model in order to be able to be the 'Quasi CEO' or the 'next in command'. In today's economic scenario, CFO's are increasingly seen as natural contenders to the CEO position.
And then the magic happens.
CFO's find themselves assuming greater leadership and responsibility while also asserting more influence on strategy. Outstanding CFOs with all of these skills and the right personal chemistry with the CEO have the ability to become his/her right-hand person. Ultimately, such CFOs become agents of change, creating smarter work patterns throughout their organization with insights that drive performance and help achieve better results. Improvement in company valuations is a result of doing the right things consistently over a period of time. As they say, Rome was not built in a day.
Case Study -1
The Company
RealBuild is a Promoter owned and managed, and privately funded mid-sized real estate company headquartered in Mumbai.  RealBuild had developed approximately 10L sqft of residential and commercial space in and around Mumbai immediately before MyCFO's involvement with the Company and developed around 5Lsqft of commercial real estate during the time of our involvement.  Senior Management was and conitnues to be exclusively run by close friends and relatives of Promoter.  Initial work has been done to induct a professional CEO at RealBuild.
The problem MyCFO had to solve
MyCFO was involved with RealBuild in two phases.  In t he first phase, the mandate was to study the business processes of the company, make recommendations for improvement and to recommend a suitable ERP package for implementation.  This phase also required us to study the financing structure of RealBuild and recommend strategies to move away from a personal relationship drive approach to fund raising to a more professional basis to raise funds from formal, institutional sources.  In Phase II, MyCFO was required to establish financial and operational controls, streamline MIS delivery, help develop models for pricing decisions and study fund raising alternatives, including private equity and lease rent discounting.
MyCFO approach
in Phase I, MyCFO's role was one of change management, working closely with department heads, who had never before been exposed to working with professionals.  Our deliverables included a comprehensive SOP document that covered land acquisition, broker appointment, project evaluation, contracting and sub-contracting, financing and accounting and reporting controls and processes.  MyCFO's approach was to 'first seek to understand', evaluate the technical and execution capability of HODs and come up with a set of practical solutions that provided some easy wins, but yet were a step up from what the company was already doing.  The SOPs formed the basis for the ERP implementation partner to configure Microsoft Dynamix at RealBuild.  On the fund raising side, MyCFO introduced banking partners to RealBuild and was actively involved in the negotiations for fund and non-fund based limits, which helped RealBuild reduce dependence on private and expensive sources of lending.
In Phase II, MyCFO's work was focused on helping RealBuild take decisions on hold/ sell decisions relating to ready stock and timing and pricing decisions of the sale.  Rent discounting options were evaluated and implemented with banking partners, helping RealBuild reduce the overall cost of funding.  Timely generation of MIS relating to size and quality of sales inquiry pipeline, competitor pricing and inquiry to sales conversion, helped management take timely decisions on the sales side.  Financial MIS was focused on Budgetary controls to ensure that costs were within approved limits at all times and that time and cost overruns were flagged in advance.
How the client benefited?
In Phase I, MyCFO's involvement helped RealBuild reduce dependence on private funding from 100% to 63%, on a larger funded base.  We estimated reduction in ERP implementation time, by a minimum of 8 weeks on a conservative basis, with a smooth M+8 days first month closing on ERP, apart from 'Go live' at about 65% of features available in the system.  MyCFO's involvement helped improve margins by about 2% through better controls over procurement processes.  Our involvement also helped reducing time taken to finalise commercial evaluation of new land bank acquisition process from about 42 days to 23 days.
In Phase II, MyCFO's lease rent discounting solution reduced weighted cost of funding from about 17.5% to about 13.8%.  Sales Pipeline reports were moved from Week end + 5 days to daily basis.  MyCFO estimates improvement of sales realisation by about 1.5% on account of improved quality and benchmarking of sales pipeline reports.  Flagging of cost and time over runs enabled project completion within 104% of Budget; of the 4% overrun, 85% was passed on to end customers.
 
Case Study -2
Our client
Pharmax is a family owned and managed company with turnover close to INR 700Crores. Pharmax is a leading name in the Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) and Finished Drug Formulation (FDF) segments which is sold in both the regulated and the generic markets in India and over 50 countries worldwide. The company has state of the art manufacturing facilities approved by US FDA and has 17 Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) filed and 12 in the pipeline.
Challenges for MyCFO
Budgeting at Pharmax was a simple 'spread sheeting' exercise restricted only to collation of data inputs received from various departments. The variance between budgets and actuals for instance in financial year 13-14 was more than 80%. The variances were reported every month to the HOD's and the management on a month on month basis for their review and comments.
MyCFO Approach
MyCFO's mandate here was to play the role of an ongoing CFO for Pharmax. MyCFO's approach was to identify the principal reason behind the budgeting exercise, which in this case was to help the management get a clear idea on the cash flow requirement and in helping them stabilize the FDF business. This was followed by a communication from the management team on the need for the departments to participate in the budgeting exercise. A 6 member budgets team was constituted which was lead by MyCFO. This was followed by one on one meetings with the department heads where targets were discussed and agreed. Some of the meetings which involved key decision making were attended by the promoters. The targets were discussed and debated amongst teams on parameters such as stock (max order quantity, credit period, lead time, logistics, distribution), debtors, creditors, zero based budgeting for PDF business, competency of personnel involved in the process, inter departmental dependencies, product strategy, capacity utilization, investment in fixed assets and ANDA, making each SBU within the company profitable, EBITDA improvement, misses and issues based on last year's achievements amongst others. The budget exercise was finally completed in 8 weeks with 3 revisions. The exercise also served to set individual KPI's for department heads and were eventually linked to incentives.
How the client benefitted
The budget exercise allowed standardization of MIS reports across the company, helped the company to institute and track performance for the Senior Managers, formation of the budget committee helped the departments to resolve potential issues which may come in the way of achievement of targets. The process also allowed a formal mechanism to review actual progress and it also set the ball rolling in terms of weekly monitoring reports on sales, cash flow, stock movement to the management.

United Center plans office building that could open up arena amenitiesBusiness 2 months
United Center plans office building that could open up arena amenities
Chicago Blackhawks' center Jonathan Toews walks the red carpet outside the United Center as the team arrives for its season-opening  NHL hockey game against the Washington Capitals on Oct. 1, 2013.  |  Charles Rex Arbogast/AP
@sandraguy | email
The United Center’s 300 employees need more office space, so a new office building may go up in the eastern portion of the stadium’s parking lot, a spokesman said Wednesday.
The office building would house a new Bulls-Blackhawks team store that would be open to the public and front on Madison Street, said Howard Pizer, the United Center’s executive vice president.
Pizer confirmed remarks made at a real estate forum on Tuesday by Blackhawks owner Rocky Wirtz, who is an investor in the Chicago Sun-Times’ parent company, Wrapports.
When the United Center opened 20 years ago, its tenants — the Bulls, the Blackhawks, the center’s administrative offices and Levy Catering’s ushering and catering service — could never have envisioned the need for space to house today’s technologies, such as website development and in-house TV studios, Pizer said.
“The need for technology and social media [space] has exploded,” he said.
A decision whether to build the office building will happen in the next couple of months, Pizer said.
Pizer said no decisions have been made on how to recoup the lost parking spaces or what to do with the space left vacant inside the United Center arena.
If the office-building plan goes through, fans could see new amenities inside the arena that would keep them on-site — perhaps a new restaurant or restaurants, retail space and other as-yet-unknown attractions, Pizer said.
Pizer said the plans are too uncertain to revive a 2-year-old idea for a $75 million championship entertainment complex at the United Center with video, bars, restaurants and an atrium entertainment space.
“That’s not part of the story,” he said.
Howard Pizer United Center

How Pratibha Advani helped NIIT transformStory
Quick Learner
Advani and her team have worked extensively to win large transformational projects, which are above $10 million, like the ones with Euro Star, Virgin Australia and Cathay Pacific.
Pratibha K Advani, CFO, NIIT Technologies. Photo: Vivan Mehra
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
Best Woman CFO
Winner: Pratibha K Advani, CFO, NIIT Technologies
As a child, Pratiba Advani wanted to study arts, but a discussion with her father made her crack the chartered accountant entrance exam. Today, Advani is Chief Financial Officer of NIIT Technologies.
Advani has worked with a diverse set of companies- from Kolkata-based tobacco-to-hotel conglomerate ITC to General Electric, Barclays and a handful of private equity firms. She learnt a bit from everyone-to be process driven from ITC, for instance. GE taught her commitment and to stay within the budget allotted and agreed upon, and Barclays taught her how to mitigitate risk.
When Advani joined in 2010, NIIT's entire budgeting was manual and consisted of 70 Microsoft Excel sheets. She introduced a SAP module, and collapsed the month-long process into three to four days.
She was also a part of a big transition from the "time and material" system, which meant working on an hourly basis where payment is calculated by multiplying the number of people by number of hours/days. But the IT industry is moving towards fixed pricing, where the client and the vendor agree to a certain amount and the client pays without bothering about the number of people and hours. Business from the new pricing model was about 20 per cent when Advani joined. Today, it is just over 40 per cent. Advani and her team have worked extensively to win large transformational projects, which are above $10 million, like the ones with Euro Star, Virgin Australia and Cathay Pacific.
How does it feel to have shifted from large companies like ITC and GE? "NIIT is, maybe, a smaller ocean but we are handling a much larger ship. We have 24 subsidiaries and branches across the globe," she says.

How Subramanian helped his co reach 23% profitStory
The Go-To Man
Under Subramanian, GlaxoSmithKline Consumer's net sales have grown at an average of 19 per cent, while net profit has grown at 23 per cent over the past 5 years.
R. Subramanian, VP - Finance, GlaxoSmithKline Consumer. Photo: Vivan Mehra
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
Category: BEST CFO OF AN MNC (LARGE COMPANIES)
WINNER: R. SUBRAMANIAN, VP - Finance, GlaxoSmithKline Consumer
For any consumer products company, it is imperative to maintain and improve operating margins to invest further in innovation and capacity expansion.
But Ramakrishnan Subramanian has not had it easy as VP & Director- Finance at  GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare. A slowing economy with high inflation and interest rates, rising input and labour costs has ensured that the going is tough.
"The challenge therefore is our greatest opportunity," says Zubair Ahmed, Managing Director, GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare. And Subramanian, who has been with the company for 8 years now, has managed well.
Under Subramanian, the company's net sales have grown at an average of 19 per cent, while net profit has grown at 23 per cent over the past 5 years. In fiscal 2012/13, sales grew by 15 per cent and profit by 23 per cent to Rs 437 crore, and the company is well set for the future. "We have adequate internal generated accruals to take care of our capacity augmentation or other requirements. We don't foresee any need in the short term to tap capital or money market," says Subramanian.
The company is expanding its rural footprint as well. The company has retail 7, 50,000  distribution outlets and by its expects this number to grow to 10,00,000  by the end of this year. The company is now looking to get 25 per cent of its revenues from the rural market in about five years.
So what are the challenges one faces? "As CFO, one of the challenges is to have a go/no go investment matrix, with strong monitoring mechanisms to measure performance of new products and to take some hard and timely calls if required," he says.
Subramanian says CFOs have always been significant contributors to the success of the organisations. "CFOs are gaining an increased role in strategy," he says. During a period of change and turbulence there is an opportunity for a CFO to prove his mettle, he adds.

WATCH: It s Time For A  Blood Moonreddit
If you've been feeling a strong urge to howl lately, there's a reason why: A full " blood moon " is coming Oct. 8. Just check out the NASA video above.
All werewolf jokes aside, the total lunar eclipse will be the second -- and final -- "blood moon" of the year. It will be visible in the United States and Canada early Wednesday morning, with better viewing for those in the western part of the continent, as indicated in the map below.
The full eclipse will start at 6:25 a.m. EDT and last until 7:24 a.m, according to NASA.
Full lunar eclipses are often called "blood moons" because of the reddish tint they adopt as sunsets and sunrises seen from Earth reflect onto the surface of the moon.
Because this eclipse will happen two days after a lunar perigee, which is the point when the moon is nearest to Earth, NASA says the moon will appear 5.3 percent larger than the previous "blood moon," which occurred on April 15 .
This eclipse marks the second in a series of four lunar eclipses in a row, known as a "tetrad." We'll experience just eight tetrads this century, according to the Washington Post, and we won't experience the next tetrad until around 2032 or 2033.
Also on HuffPost:

#BigBillionDay gets Flipkart millions of unhappy customersPrint
The Big Billion Day sale seems to have earned Flipkart more angry customers than satisfied ones.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: October 6, 2014 6:38 pm | Updated: October 6, 2014 9:58 pm
Amidst lot of hype, fanfare and not to forget the full page advertisements on leading newspapers across India, Flipkart introduced “The Big Billion Day” sale on Monday. The e-commerce giant offered products in almost every categories at throwaway prices like a hand blender at Re 1 or a 2 TB portable hard drive at just Rs 600 — though we couldn’t find both online. To make the sale even more irresistible, customer could even avail an extra 10 per cent discount by using a Citi bank or Standard Chartered credit card to shop.
The mega sale started at 8 am and within minutes most of the attractive deals where out of stock. Customers who logged in after 10 am was desperately trying to figure out what exactly Flipkart was offering on its Big Billion Day as most products were sold out. Around noon, Flipkart’s servers gave away to the huge demand and services were disrupted for a short while.
Flipkart’s #BigBillionDay hash tag on Twitter was trending in the morning but soon several other hashtags, critising the sale, like #Flopkart, #Failkart, #Fraudkart, etc started to catch up, as disappointed buyers took to Twitter to express their dissatisfaction. Later in the day, it seemed Flipkart had earned more angry customers than satisfied ones from “The Big Billion Day” sale initiative.
However, Flipkart founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal feels that “The Big Billion Sale” was a great success. “The Big Billion Day is an unprecedented day for us as this is the biggest sale ever in India. We are delighted by the overwhelming response from our customers since 8 am today. With a range of exciting offers on quality products at disruptive prices available throughout the sale period, we have created history in Indian e-commerce,” said the founders in a statement.
Previously, Chinese mobile manufacturer Xiaomi made headlines through its flash sales on Flipkart. Which again attracted a lot of criticism, as it simply failed to sell enough, and resulting in a large segment of Indian buyers swearing never to try buying a Xiaomi phone in future. For many, “The Big Billion Day” sale was a redux of the Xiaomi shopping experience.
Flipkart’s sale got over (products going out of stock) before buyers could even actually realise, a classic example being the Samsung Tab 2 which was being offered for Rs 1,399. “The Big Billion Day” must have surely helped in clearing stocks but this would have been far better if Flipkart had clearly mentioned this as a limited flash sale to at least check the public relation nightmare.
Also, visitors complained about prices being marked up before sale as several products were available at lesser prices on rival websites like Snapdeal and Amazon without any offer.
Feel free to share your #BigBillionDay shopping experience in the comment section below.

Marxs large-hearted daughterhistory books
Eleanor ‘Tussy’ Marx emerges in this biography as a vivacious woman who gave generously of her affection
If a well-written life is as rare as a well-spent one, as Thomas Carlyle declared in 1835, Rachel Holmes has achieved a rare feat. For the 500-page tome of a book, ‘Eleanor Marx: A Life’, is rather well-written. Holmes presents an impressive mass of scholarship on her subject — the youngest daughter of Karl Marx and her times — with the pace of a modern novel, the tone of an engaging conversation, and the finish of a work of art. Her prose, throughout the book, is unpretentious without being pedestrian and stays very readable without recourse to much stylisation. The preface and the afterword, especially, are notable for the cultivated simplicity, elegance and power that imbue them.
The book tells two parallel stories at once — one about the public and intellectual work that Ms. Marx accomplished in her short but rich life, and the other depicting her personal and domestic life. Her childhood, her ‘book-wormish’ adolescence, the intellectual ambience at the penurious Marx household, her correspondences, both political and personal, the lives of her siblings and her parts in those lives, her own troubled love-life, her relations with her parents and with Frederich Engels, who was family to the Marxs, and “her artistic and cultural pursuits”— these are all exhaustively covered in the book, as are the speeches she gave, the political articles she wrote, often for free, and the workers’ strikes she organised. Ms. Marx’s early sympathy with the Paris Commune, her zealous publication of “some of the great urtexts of Marxism”, her abortive association with the ‘Social Democratic Federation’ led by Henry Hyndman, whose brand of socialism she came to scorn, her eventual founding of the ‘Socialist League’, and, above all, her efforts to address ‘the woman question’ are treated by Holmes with the meticulousness they deserve. Holmes’ treatment of Eleanor’s public life and her lifelong socialist activism are handled with the verve that complement the lingering fondness characterising her treatment of ‘Tussy’ Marx’s familial and personal lives.
Those aspects of Ms. Marx’s life, in Holmes’ rendition, present her as an endearing mix of enthusiasm, generosity, acuity of mind and warmth of heart. Eleanor ‘Tussy’ Marx emerges in this biography as a vivacious, intelligent and large-hearted woman who gave generously and unthinkingly of her affection, her intellectual services and even of her meagre funds. She, in fact, appears to have been exploited first by Hippolyte Lissagaray and then by Edward Aveling, men whom she loved to the point of exhaustion and who both failed, in their own ways, to give her lasting happiness. Her relationship with Avelingwas especially pernicious in its impact on her life. The womaniser Aveling, after living off Ms. Marx’s reputation, her labour and even her money for years, secretly married his mistress, thus belying her trust and her hopeful tolerance of his flirtations. Aveling’s initials were present on the prescription for the prussic acid that took Ms. Marx’s life at age 43, although it could not be resolved if he really was her murderer. What is certain, however, is his great moral culpability in sapping the mental strength of a loving woman through long years and then in pushing her to the brink of psychological ruin by his unwillingness to make an honourable exit.
The most important point of the book, as the biographer herself highlights in the ‘preface’, is her delineation of Ms. Marx’s engagement with the question of women’s liberty, an issue that did not receive its due importance in Marx’s vision of socialist democracy for the world. Ms. Marx, member of an underclass by virtue of being a British woman of her times, detected this lacuna in the political philosophy of her father and Engels early in her life and questioned their exclusionary focus on the rights only of working men, not women, as the prerequisite for socialist organisation in England.
Ms. Marx saw how talented women, like her own mother and her older sisters, were “short-changed by their political, intellectual men” and how, in the absence of education and opportunities, they were led into the waste of self-criticism and anger, of “babies, domestic drudgery and censorious in-laws”. Despite this, however, Ms. Marx refused to align herself with the movement for middle class women’s voting right, insisting that the women’s suffrage movement lacked a sufficient analysis of what she called the ‘economic base’ of the sexual division of labour. Rejecting ‘Women’s Right’ as ‘a bourgeois idea’ she insisted on seeing the ‘Sex Question’ from ‘the point of view of the working class and the class struggle’.
In her revolutionary text, ‘The Woman Question: From a Socialist Point of View’ (for which Aveling is credited as co-author) she laid the foundation of socialist-feminism and, with Clara Zetkin, she brought feminism to the top of the agenda of the international socialist movement at the congress of the ‘Second International’ held in London in 1896.
Eleanor Marx’s life, as Holmes puts it, forms ‘one of the significant primary elements’ in the story of British socialism — a story that the world might find to its taste, now that ‘the global triumph of capitalism’ is on the wane. Holmes, in depicting this life, stresses the influence that other women had on Ms. Marx, bringing out how ‘Tussy’ was the spiritual daughter not only of her brilliant and beautiful mother Jenny Marx, but also of her ‘second mother’, Helene Demuth and Angels’ partner, ‘Auntie Lizzy Burns’. She shows too how lifelong female friendships sustained and developed Ms. Marx. Only one charge can be brought against this lovingly and efficiently written volume. Even after allowing for the facts that it covers the life of a Marx, a brilliant and hyperactive one, and necessarily straddles a significant period in the political history of Europe, it does seem a little too long. At times, the reader might almost wish that Holmes had taken a cue from the ace Victorian biographer Lytton Strachey and aimed somewhat at the ‘brevity that excludes everything which is redundant and nothing that is significant’. She, apparently, did not have that as any of her goals. It is to her credit that despite her expansiveness she succeeds in making the book as readable and peppy as it is.
Holmes declares at the outset that ‘Eleanor Marx changed the world’. Any possible scepticism toward this claim would tend to disappear in the course of the book. Whatever the reader’s estimation of the historical worth of Ms. Marx’s work, great though it is, and whatever his political persuasion, he is likely to approach at the end Holmes’ view of the life she depicts. The biographer’s enthusiasm and fondness for her subject are obvious; and the biography succeeds in infecting the reader with much of her ardour and affection for ‘Tussy’ Marx. The book reads, for the most part, like a novel: it is a narrative, engagingly, enthusiastically yet patiently told, about a life that was rather significant and interesting. Borrowing the spirited Tussy’s favourite motto, I’d say, ‘Go Ahead’ and read it!

When and why new things fail: from Great Chicago Fire Festival to New CokeWhen and why new things fail: from Great Chicago Fire Festival to New Coke
Product fails
Dennis Hoyne / Getty Images / Blue Sky illustration
Not every launch is a success. Great Chicago Fire Festival, meet New Coke.
Not every launch is a success. Great Chicago Fire Festival, meet New Coke. (Dennis Hoyne / Getty Images / Blue Sky illustration)
By Blue Sky staff
Great Chicago Fire (1871) Gaming
Big misses: Great Chicago Fire Festival, meet New Coke.
Redmoon Theater had a rough debut for its Great Chicago Fire Festival, which has been called everything from a fiasco to a fizzle. But as innovators everywhere know, failure is possible any time you launch something new. Apple, Coke and McDonald’s have had their new-product flops, too. Redmoon says it  will try again . And it could, perhaps, be worse:
Caption New Coke
coca-colacompany.com
On April 23, 1985, the Coca-Cola Company announced it was changing the formula for its popular soft drink.
On April 23, 1985, the Coca-Cola Company announced it was changing the formula for its popular soft drink. (coca-colacompany.com)
Caption DVDs will be staying at netflix.com
blog.netflix.com
On Oct. 10, 2011, Netfilx CEO Reed Hastings announced that the company would not proceed with its previous decision to rebrand the DVD rental part of the business as "Quickster."
On Oct. 10, 2011, Netfilx CEO Reed Hastings announced that the company would not proceed with its previous decision to rebrand the DVD rental part of the business as "Quickster." (blog.netflix.com)
Caption The Japanese Bandai Pippin (Atmark Player) and wireless controller
Evan-Amos / Wikimedia Commons
The Pippin game console was a collaboration of Apple and Bandai. The Atmark is the Japanese version of the console.
The Pippin game console was a collaboration of Apple and Bandai. The Atmark is the Japanese version of the console. (Evan-Amos / Wikimedia Commons)

If its Tuesday it must be Chole BhatureUpdated: October 7, 2014 17:29 IST
If it’s Tuesday it must be Chole Bhature
PANKAJA SRINIVASAN
human interest
On Air Force Day, PANKAJA SRINIVASAN salutes the cooks and waiters without whom the IAF would have been a washed-out blue
Circa 1979. My husband joins the Indian Air Force. From vatta kuzhambu and thaiyir saadam, he is initiated into a world of ‘Mess food’. He has to be in a particular uniform before he is allowed anywhere near the dining room, and once there, he has to follow strict protocol while eating. In formal occasions, no matter how much he is enjoying his cutlet, if the senior officer at the head of the table has ‘closed his plate’, he has to do the same and STOP eating.
Circa 2014. My son joins the IAF. He dresses up too for dinner. And he has learnt that when he is at a sit-down meal, he has to keep his spoon in the three O’ clock position between bites and at six O’ clock when he has finished. He keeps one eye trained on the senior officer and tries to finish his cutlet before the senior does.
In between the two Circa, I married Raju. And was star struck. The clink of glasses, the strapping men in uniform, and mayonnaise! I couldn’t wait to learn how to make mayonnaise. In my mind it was the hautest cuisine. For a long time after that, thick, gloopy mayonnaise was a presence in all my party menus.
After marriage we stayed in the Mess for six months. So, the meals came from the Mess kitchen. I waited impatiently for the arrival of my lunch in a tiffin carrier. Yellow dal, two vegetables, a soggy wad of rotis and rice never tasted so good. And dessert. You either love or hate dessert in the Air Force. Whether it was the watery sevaiyyan with just enough milk to disguise it as a paaysam or the runny custard, I never passed up dessert. When the bigwigs came a-visiting we had ice cream with chocolate sauce served by waiters in white gloves. I will never forget eating ice cream sitting shivering next to a ‘bukhari’ in Leh at a New Year’s Eve party. They had flown in the ice cream from Chandigarh!
We were blessed like that in the IAF. We got to eat the melt-in-the-mouth rajma from Jammu, the fragrant rice from Bareilly, apples, walnuts and saffron from Srinagar, apricots from Ladakh, oranges from Jorhat, coconuts from Car Nicobar…
I learnt early never to absent myself from parties thrown for the Air Force bigwigs. All the fancy would be out in full measure. I remember in one such do, reaching out for a salt rimmed crystal glass with tomato juice. Before I could wrap my hand around it, the waiter deftly whisked it away. How dare I, a lowly Squadron Leader’s wife then, aspire to tomato juice and that too in crystal, the waiter’s eye seemed to say. Fanta in a Borosil glass was my destiny, not tomato juice in crystal glasses. I am still uneasy ordering tomato juice.
Waiters and Mess cooks, bless them, were a legendary lot. The firm belief was that the quality of Mess food was directly proportionate to the quantum of rum in the cook’s belly. Some cooks turned out super biriyani and creamy caramel custard made on a coal chulha, while others, though game enough to innovate, did not necessarily have happy results. An air force veteran shudders at the memory of a full-baked fish proudly set on the table. “It looked strangulated and the cook had put an apple in its mouth!”
Cook Sitaram in Jammu would ask hungry officers at breakfast how they liked their eggs. The orders would fly…scrambled, poached, boiled, fried…Sitaram would listen carefully, go into the kitchen and send out what the last officer had ordered, for everyone. It took some time for the guys to figure that out. After that they made sure the last guy who ordered asked for something the majority wanted to eat that day.
Cooks and waiters often serve at the same station for decades and they were authoritative figures. When a young officer cribbed about the food he was served, he was sharply ticked off by Khan, the head waiter (or Number One as they are known). “Your chief sat in the same chair when he was a pilot officer and ate the same food without a fuss. What is your problem?” Chiefs have often sought out these cooks and waiters when they visited the stations on inspection, to pay their respects.
Nothing stirs up emotions in the Air Force breast like the do andey ka bhujiya (two-egged scrambled eggs) made with onions, green chillies and lots of oil. And it was always ‘do andey’ never ‘ek’ or ‘teen’.
Even in Ladakh, where fresh eggs froze over, we ate them. They were made with dehydrated egg powder.
Food in the IAF was a familiar and constant friend. Whether it was Leh, Kumbhigram, Palam, Hakimpet, Yelahanka or Jammu, if it was a Tuesday, we could stride into the dining room confidently and be sure of finding Choley Bhature being served. There would be serious repercussions if the oily, rubbery maida bhaturas and the choley were not there. I was inordinately comforted to hear from my son that even today Tuesdays are devoted to the C&B.
Here’s to Khan in Jodhpur, Sitaram in Jammu, Lingam in Hakimpet, Swamy in Yelahanka, Das in Kumbhigram, Ramlal in Leh, Nazir in Coimbatore…thanks to you we never went hungry in the IAF.
Disclaimer: Most information contained in this article is confined to the period between 1979 and 2003. So it should not be taken personally, especially since the writer is off to an Air Force Day party tonight.

Rio Tinto Rejects Glencore s Merger BidKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Sydney: Resources giant Rio Tinto said on Tuesday that it rejected a potential merger with Glencore in July, following a report the Swiss mining rival was in talks with major shareholder Chinalco.
The Anglo-Australian firm also confirmed there were no ongoing talks with Glencore about such a bid, which would have created the world's largest mining firm, worth an estimated $160 billion.
"In July 2014, Glencore contacted Rio Tinto regarding a potential merger of Rio Tinto and Glencore," Rio said in a statement Tuesday.
"The Rio Tinto board, after consultation with its financial and legal advisers, concluded unanimously that a combination was not in the best interests of Rio Tinto's shareholders.
"The board's rejection was communicated to Glencore in early August and there has been no further contact between the companies on this matter."
The denial came after a Bloomberg report Monday that Glencore had approached Rio shareholder Chinalco, China's largest alumina producer, about whether it would be interested in a possible deal.
Rio Tinto is the world's second largest miner and has a market capitalisation of 107.7 billion Australian dollars ($94.4 billion), while Swiss commodities trader Glencore became the world's fourth-biggest commodities company after merging with resources giant Xstrata in May 2013.
Analysts have said a Glencore takeover of Rio would give it presence in the iron ore market, one commodity that it does not have sizable operations in.
Rio chairman Jan du Plessis added that his firm had made "significant progress in refocusing and strengthening its business" under chief executive Sam Walsh and chief financial officer Chris Lynch.
"The board believes that the continued successful execution of Rio Tinto's strategy will allow Rio Tinto to increase free cash flow significantly in the near term and materially increase returns to shareholders," he said.
Glencore reported a net profit of $1.72 billion during the first half of 2014, while Rio - supported by surging iron ore shipments - recorded a net profit of $4.4 billion in the six months to June 30.
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 20:27 (IST)

US Stocks Slide on Global Growth ConcernsKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Breaking: Politico staffers to get free snacks in new office spaceBy Erik Wemple October 7 Follow @ErikWemple
Mmm, popcorn.
Politico staffers will receive free snacks once the growing Rosslyn operation moves to new office space, they learned Tuesday afternoon, according to sources who wished to remain anonymous for fear of revealing the company’s snack plans. “We’re having a vote sometime in March on what snacks to have,” notes one of those sources.
The Erik Wemple Blog recommends chopped walnuts.
Provision of free snacks is the most significant signal yet that Politico has the resources to grow — far more significant than its stated plans to expand to Europe and to other states in the U.S.
Politico’s move, into 72,000 square feet of space next door to its current Wilson Boulevard haunt, will take place next spring.
In other, far less important news from the meeting, at D.C.’s Hamilton restaurant: Politico is getting the lion’s share of its revenue from online advertising and the Politico Pro subscription service. Print revenue accounts for around 20 percent of the whole. Also: Blake Hounshell, Politico Magazine’s deputy editor, will be promoted to editorial director for digital . Management also gave staff a look at its redesigned homepage.
Returning to the issue of snacks, Politico has an uphill climb in battling Bloomberg for pantry preeminence. The omnivorous business and government news site has long done a phenomenal job of keeping its employees away from the munchy aisle at CVS. The three Bloomberg offices in the Washington region — BGOV, Bloomberg News and Bloomberg BNA — all present a daily spread that includes coffee, tea, cold water with lemon slices, a variety of cereals, yogurt, crackers, granola and fresh fruit. So stocked is the pantry that Bloomberg BNA at one point threatened to install surveillance cameras to nab employees who raid it for take-home supplies . The company didn’t follow through on that plan.
Developing …
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

This week in Apple rumors: The next-generation of the iPad and the future of the MacBy Hayley Tsukayama October 7 Follow @htsuka
LONDON, ENGLAND - AUGUST 06: In this photo illustration the rear of an Apple iPad is seen on August 6, 2014 in London, England. iPad maker Apple is selling fewer units than in the same quarter in 2013, it is reported. (Photo illustration by Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images)
The iPhone release may be out of the way, but the tech giant still has a trick or two up its sleeve ahead of the big holiday buying season. As usual, Apple isn't saying what's coming. But that hasn't stopped the rumor mill from spitting out a bunch of information leaked from unnamed sources "familiar with Apple's plans." So grab your salt shaker: here's a rundown of what we think we know about what's next for Apple.
One thing we do know is that Apple tends to hold two major release events every fall; for the past few years, that's meant an iPhone event followed closely by an iPad launch.  This year should be no different, and Re/Code's John Paczkowski has pegged Oct. 16 as the day for Apple's next big debut.
That takes care of the when. How about the what?
The bulk of iPad rumors are coming out of "The Michael Report," a site run by technology columnist Michael Andrew. On Monday, Andrew and his team published a huge report saying that Apple will release a second-generation iPad Air, a third-generation iPad mini and a new line up of Macs alongside the official launch of OS X 10.10, Yosemite.
Citing internal (and anonymous) sources at Apple, Andrew says that the new Air will have a handful of design changes that add up to a slimmer, more sophisticated iPad. On the performance side, the next iPad Air is expected to have Apple's next generation A8 chip, as well as better camera sensors on the front and back for crisper video conferencing. Smaller changes include a redesign of the volume buttons and speakers, as well as the decision to get rid of the mute/screen lock switch in order to accommodate the trimmer profile, the report said.
The tablet, according to the report, will also be picking up the TouchID fingerprint scanner already in the iPhone, and may also get better options for storage -- 32 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB -- similar to the bump the iPhone just got. Apple may also offer iPad buyers the chance to pick up the tablet in gold.
All the hubbub comes against the pervasive narrative that tablet growth is stagnating -- at least, in the United States.  Major industry research firms have said repeatedly that the tablet market's red-hot growth has been cooling this year. In July, International Data Corp reported that third-quarter shipments dropped by 1.5 percent from the same period last year, due to the growing popularity of large-screened smartphones.
That's not to say that Apple's tablet line is in trouble -- the iPad, as Patently Apple recently reported , is so well-liked that it actually beat Oreo, Hershey's and M&M's to top a list of kids' favorite brands. But it does mean that the iPad line is competing, increasingly, with other gadgets such as Apple's own iPhone 6 Plus.
On the Mac side, 9 to 5 Mac's Marc Gurman reports that Apple will be showing off a brand-new set of iMacs that will look roughly the same as the models introduced in 2012 but with "ultra high-resolution" displays, faster processors and better WiFi antennas.
As for other products, there's also some hope that Apple's Mac mini -- which hasn't seen an update in roughly two years -- may also be getting an update next month. In July, an official Apple support page listen a reference to a "Mid 2014 Mac Mini," as MacRumors reported, giving some indication that there were confirmed plans for an update. According to MacRumors's Eric Slivka, the Mini could also see an update at the event later this month.
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

Restaurateur Jeff Black buys $2.4 million home near Logan CircleBy Emily Heil October 7 Follow @emilyaheil
Jeff Black, owner of Black Restaurant Group, bought a Logan Circle home. (Jeffrey MacMillan)
Jeff Black’s empire is expanding — not with another restaurant in this case, but with a $2.43 million, four-bedroom house near Logan Circle.
Tax records show that Black, whose restaurant group includes Black Market Bistro, Blacksalt and Addie’s, snapped up the property last month. According to property listings and photos, the house boasts sweet cityscape views and a marble-countered kitchen befitting a chef.
An added bonus: It’s a short walk to two of Black’s hotspots, Pearl Dive Oyster Bar and Black Jack.
 

Amazingly  No One Is HurtA rally car crashed next to a group of spectators during a race in Italy over the weekend. The vehicle then flipped over and came within inches of hitting several people.
Amazingly, no one was seriously injured.
Video of the incident shows the Renault Clio driven by Pietro Scavone and co-pilot Diego D’Herin taking a turn too fast and losing control at the Jolly Rally in Valle d’Aosta, Italy, on Sunday, according to Metro.
Several spectators ran away as the car flipped over and nearly slammed into several others who had been sitting near the road and barely had time to react.

Why Adding An  Obamacare Surcharge  To Restaurant Bills Is A Terrible Ideareddit
Eateries are once again testing to see if diners have acquired a taste for paying a little extra to fund restaurant workers’ health care coverage.
A new report in the Los Angeles Times documents more than a dozen pricey restaurants in the L.A. area that are tacking an “Obamacare surcharge” on to customers’ bills in hopes of offsetting the cost of covering employees’ health insurance. The companies are required to provide coverage under a long-delayed mandate in the Affordable Care Act.
There are two main reasons this tactic makes little sense.
1. The Obamacare mandate for small businesses hasn't even gone into effect yet.
The rule, part of which won’t go into effect until 2016, compels businesses employing between 50 and 99 full-time workers to offer affordable health plans. But with already-slim profit margins in the food service industry, restaurateurs say they simply want to push some of the cost onto diners.
Originally slated to come into force in January, the Obama administration gave employers extra time to budget health care into employee benefits. Small businesses must pay penalties if they don't start insuring by 2016. Companies employing 100 or more full-time workers must comply with the rule by next year.
2. Obamacare surcharges don't go over well with customers.
Two years ago, Denny’s franchisee John Metz, who owns about 30 restaurants in Florida, ignited the fury of both customers and his corporate partners when he added a surcharge to customers’ receipts. Denny’s CEO John Miller reprimanded Metz and publicly distanced the company from what was interpreted at the time as a political statement opposing Obamacare.
Then, earlier this year, a sports bar in Florida made a similar move . Gator’s Dockside, a chain with eight franchise-owned locations throughout the central part of the Sunshine State, outraged customers when they found the truncated term “ACA surchar” added just beneath sales tax on their receipts.
“Plenty of places sell wings and burgers and don’t try to make political statements,” customer Larry Ross wrote on the company’s Facebook page. “I’ll be taking my business to one of those restaurants from now on.”
Again, the corporate parent distanced itself from the decisions of a rogue franchisee.
Last year, city officials in San Francisco began investigating more than 90 restaurants that allegedly pocketed fees added on to cover health care costs.
Boycott restos that put an Obamacare "benefit surcharge" on the bill. Can't they adjust food prices accordingly w/o making a stink abt it?
— sexy kazatsky dancer (@jody_beth) August 29, 2014
Surcharges for health insurance aren’t the only additional fees restaurants have been criticized for charging. In August, a café in suburban Minneapolis captured national headlines when it added a 35-cent “minimum wage fee ” to bills a week after Minnesota raised its minimum wage by 75 cents to $8.
Following a furious backlash, Oasis Café owner Craig Beemer issued a statement saying that his “family is conservative in our views,” but that he didn’t mean to make “some grand political statement.” Still, he maintained the fee.
The novelty of the health care legislation may be to blame for restaurant owners' insistence on publicly itemizing the new cost of doing business. It would be unusual for an eatery to tack on surcharges for the import tax on the Swiss cheese used in a sandwich or the costs of keeping the kitchen clean for the health department.
So far, backlash has been mild in Los Angeles, according to the LA Times. But vitriol has surfaced in some online reviews.
“Outrageous that AOC expects diners to subsidize their employees health benefits -- we already do that -- by paying the high prices for their food!” one Yelp reviewer wrote of AOC, a wine and tapas bar profiled in the LA Times' story. “The audacity, I was completely offended.”
Tables at AOC, seen in this shot from its website, may remain empty if customer outrage spreads.
Also on HuffPost:

Public Relations Has a PR Problemreddit
For an industry centered on managing a brand's reputation and image, it seems like PR practitioners need to do some damage control of their own.
Allow me to wax romantic about the public relations profession for a moment. I got into this business because I love the news. That might make you wonder why I didn't just become a journalist. The answer is simple. In 2006 when I started my career, I saw that traditional journalism was dying. Newsrooms were shrinking and online forums were gaining steam. It was an exciting time where everything was changing about the way people sourced information. By going into PR, I'd have the opportunity to be a part of the excitement.
I have gleefully enjoyed being part of this seismic shift in communications over the last several years. It is a fulfilling and exhilarating, albeit exhausting, career. And while I'm having a blast doing this work, I am sick of having to defend myself for it.
A quick Google or Twitter search brings up several disturbing results. An example: this Deadspin post from a few years ago opens with the line, "PR people are stupid. Not all of them, just some of them" and is filed under the category of "PR Dummies." As a generalization, many journalists seem to have a profound aversion for PR practitioners. I get it, there are a few of us who make mistakes and ruin it for everyone. Journalists get hundreds of emails a day from people like me, many of them irrelevant. We're also perceived by many as deceptive spin-doctors who aim to hoodwink the poor consumer. The term 'flack' is not a compliment.
It's easy for a journalist to tweet snide remarks about PR people, but our symbiotic relationship should not be overlooked. In the age of information overload, we can help journalists do their jobs more efficiently and effectively. It's really hard for me to see Tweets disparaging PR people when I just finished writing an entire article for a journalist because he was too busy to write it himself. Let's just be honest here: A regular part of my job as a PR professional is to write articles that get published verbatim in magazines, newspapers and blogs. The journalists I work with depend on those articles because they often don't have enough manpower to produce all the content in-house anymore.
And despite many misconceptions, PR is no 'pink collar ghetto.' A survey from a few years ago claimed that 85 percent of the industry is female but that doesn't mean that we're sitting around in pink offices, planning fabulous events like Samantha Jones from Sex in the City while giggling with our girlfriends. In fact, I've spent most of my career advising B2B technology companies, tech start-ups, utilities and industrial manufacturers - not planning parties. Just because there are many women among our ranks doesn't make us any less intelligent or strategic than say, a male advertising executive.
Forbes ranked public relations as the sixth most stressful job in America with a median salary of $54,000. Let's be clear: we're not doing this for the caviar or the Loubotins. We do it because we love it. PR professionals often work eight, nine, or ten hour days and then have to attend events and networking functions at night. That means that some entry-level employees end up making much less than minimum wage. Just like a journalist, I do this because I love being involved with the media. I love helping my clients raise awareness and sell more products and services, enabling them to fuel the economy and employ more people. I smile when I think about the time a client was so overjoyed that we got them in the Wall Street Journal that they almost cried. Those media placements can be game-changing for businesses, especially small organizations with limited advertising budgets.
Despite the few in our industry who give us a bad name, there is a very important place for PR practitioners. What do you think? Share your comments below.
Follow Molly Borchers on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mollyborchers
More:

The FT Africa SummitShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
African business stays buoyant
Oct 7, 2014 : Interest in Africa has stepped up in the past decade, but risks such as poor infrastructure and security remain. What do African business leaders and policy makers see in store for the continent? Katrina Manson gauges the mood at the FT's Africa Summit.
Links:  The New Africa Africa's success story fragments  /  Credits: Produced by Nalini Sivathasan. Filmed by Steve Ager. Additional footage from Getty and Reuters.

Despite security and infrastructure risks African business stays buoyantShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
African business stays buoyant
Oct 7, 2014 : Interest in Africa has stepped up in the past decade, but risks such as poor infrastructure and security remain. What do African business leaders and policy makers see in store for the continent? Katrina Manson gauges the mood at the FT's Africa Summit.
Links:  The New Africa Africa's success story fragments  /  Credits: Produced by Nalini Sivathasan. Filmed by Steve Ager. Additional footage from Getty and Reuters.

Germanys growth is slowing but that is unlikely to affect its preferred strategy for the eurozoneAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Received many complaints on Flipkart discount sale; govt to take a call: Sitharamandiscount sale
("We have received many inputs.…)
BANGALORE: The government will look into the flood of complaints from traders regarding Flipkart's Big Billion Day sale and take a call on whether more clarity is required in the e-commerce retail policy, commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman said on Wednesday.
Flipkart offered steep discounts on various products in its October 6 sale and rival Amazon is set to follow with festive discounts starting October 10. The sale led to protests from brick and mortar retailers, big and small, which said they will be hurt by such campaigns.
"We have received many inputs. Lots of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it," Sitharaman said. A Flipkart spokesperson said all prices were set by vendors. "We are an e-marketplace where sellers sell directly to buyers without stepping out of their workplace," the spokesperson said in an email.
"They decide the price and only they can change the prices in the system." The BJP government has opposed foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail over concerns it would impact small traders, though it has not reversed the opening of the sector by the former UPA government. Foreign investment in e-commerce is not allowed.
Flipkart and other online retailers have structured themselves as marketplaces to be able to take advantage of the exploding e-commerce market while staying on the right side of the policy. When asked whether the government was considering any particular policy for e-commerce retailing, Sitharaman said the matter would be looked into.
"Now there are many complaints. We will study the matter," the minister said. "Whether there is a need for a separate policy or some kind of clarification is needed, we will make it clear soon." Flipkart has said that its Big Billion Day sale saw 1.5 million people shopping at its portal with sales worth $100 million.
The Confederation of All India Traders lobby group had demanded the commerce and industry ministry take steps to monitor and regulate online businesses. It has also sought a probe into the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies to find out how they were offering huge discounts during the ongoing festive season.
On the issue of Nokia suspending operations at its Chennai plant, Sitharaman said the government will look into the issue. "We will certainly see how best (such) matters don't occur again and we will encourage the 'Make In India' campaign," she said, referring to PM Narendra Modi's strategy to boost manufacturing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt plans stake sale via ETF in ITC  L&T and Axis BankGovt plans stake sale via ETF in ITC, L&T and Axis Bank
Manoj Kumar        Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 15:03 IST
The government plans to raise around Rs 5,000 crore ($813.4 million) this fiscal year by selling stakes in companies including ITC, Larsen & Toubro and Axis Bank, a senior official with knowledge of policymakers' discussions said on Wednesday.
The sales could be made through an exchange traded fund that could be launched before the end of March, the official told Reuters, requesting anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to the media.
The ETF would be made up of the government's stakeholdings in up to ten companies, including stakes in companies held through an offshoot of the Unit Trust of India known as SUUTI.
The government holds 11.27 per cent in ITC, 8.18 per cent in L&T and 11.66 per cent in Axis Bank through SUUTI.
SUUTI, which stands for Specified Undertaking of The Unit Trust of India, said in a statement that it has invited bids from asset management companies to help it set up the ETF.
"The size of the ETF could be about Rs 5,000 crore though the final decision would be taken in consultation with the asset management company," the official said.
Last month, Arvind Mayaram, finance secretary at the finance ministry, said that the government was considering floating an ETF to sell shares held by SUUTI.
Earlier this year, the government sold a 9 per cent stake in Axis Bank to instituional investors.
In his maiden Budget in July, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley set a target of Rs 58,425 crore ($9.5 billion) to be raised through the sale of shares in state-run companies and minority stakes in private companies.
In March, the government raised Rs 4,400 crore through another ETF comprising shares of 10 state-run companies including ONGC, Indian Oil and Coal India.
(Reuters)

Theres no getting around facetime with your kidsJonathan Wai Researcher, Duke University
October 8, 2014
Soon we will celebrate my son’s first birthday. It has been a year of sleepless nights and frustrations, but also a year of many special moments, including a smile meant for me that I will never forget. I had no idea how much time, literally face-to-face, I would end up spending with my son, and how that would change me, psychologically and physically. When he was born, Susan Pinker, author of The Village Effect , sent me an excerpt from her book that she hoped would motivate me as a new father. The passage was on how face-to-face contact is critical to the formation of the brain circuitry of a developing baby, and that the “give-and-take of face-to-face interaction in infancy affects how a child’s genetic programming will play out.” Little did I know that this contact would not only alter the brain circuitry of my son, but perhaps also my own:
“Without close proximity to his infant, a father’s brain cells may take a hit, according to the work of two neuroscientists, Gloria Mak and Samuel Weiss. Though they work with mice, not humans, they’ve discovered that for any neural changes to take place in the fathers’ brains, they have to be in close physical proximity to their offspring; simply seeing their babies isn’t enough. When the neuroscientists allowed the dads to nuzzle their pups, the fathers’ brains formed new networks. But when the new fathers could only sniff them through a mesh screen, nothing happened. Neurogenesis depended on real interaction.”
Yet, as any new parent will attest, social interaction with an infant is not enough. And this is why some people say it takes a village to raise a child. The village is not only for the child, but for the parents as well. For example, despite being a strong introvert who works as a researcher and writer, I learned that for my personal health I needed to participate in face-to-face social activities with other adults. Susan suggested that I consider doing something sporty, arrange to have regular meals with a group of friends or family, or take my son to classes and activities where I could meet other parents. Given that we had just moved to another state and not yet built up a community, being new parents without a network of support—a village—already in place was extremely difficult. But this highlights something that Susan suggests is important for all of us: that in an era where we think sufficient social contact is equivalent to interacting on email, Facebook, and other social media, we need to put in the effort to build a village where we have contact with real rather than virtual people. She writes: “Electronic media can sway voters and topple newspapers, but when it comes to human cognition and health, they’re no match for the face-to-face.”
In fact, The Village Effect is more broadly about the importance of face-to-face social contact from infancy through old age and in health, education, and work. In health, she suggests that an important key to the longevity puzzle may be to have a community of social support. In education, by using the powerful story of Archimedes’ insight on the displacement of water in a bathtub, she highlights how too much screen time (e.g., the smart phone or notepad) or television noise can essentially displace much needed social interaction, whether it means encouraging the language development of an infant or talking about the day at the dinner table. In work, she discusses how in an era where tasks can be done from anywhere, there are still some important benefits to face-to-face interaction, especially for cohesion among teams. And yet, she also acknowledges that your personal networks can also be a detriment to your health. If you have friends who are overweight or depressed you might be influenced in that direction. And sometimes when you have a network of associates that you trust, that trust can be turned against you, which she highlights through stories of how people were cheated out of their inheritances by someone in their village that they trusted.
Yet despite the potential negatives of being embedded in a social village, through elegant storytelling and summaries of the relevant scientific literature, I came away from the book convinced that she is definitely on to something. She agrees that we should embrace the wonderful benefits that technology has granted us—and really there is no going back—but we should also remember that as humans we need other humans, and although not absolutely necessary, having a village of support can help our minds and bodies be both productive and healthy so we can get the most out of life.
In that spirit, here are six principles she outlines in her book that we can all consider using to work on building our face-to-face villages despite our busy lives and personal preferences:
Live in a community where you know and talk to your neighbors.
Build real human contact into your workday. Save email for logistics. Use phone or face time for more nuanced interaction.
Create a village of diverse relationships. Build in social contact with members of this “village” the way you work in meals and exercise.
Everyone needs close human contact. Adjust the ratio of your face-to-face to screen communication according to your temperament, just as you adjust how much and what you eat according to your appetite.
Make parent, teacher, and peer interaction the priority for preschoolers and young children. Combine live teaching with online tools for older children and teens.
As more of our interactions migrate to digital platforms, face-to-face contact in education, medicine, and child care has become a luxury commodity. As a fundamental human need, it should remain accessible to all.
Follow Jonathan on Twitter @JonathanLWai . We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:

Sensex ends down 25 pointsSensex ends down 25 points in choppy trade; Infosys plunges 4.7%
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Your next president probably isnt very popular back homeNew Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R), right, arrive at a campaign event for Walker at the Republican field office in Hudson, Wis., on Sept. 29. (AP Photo/Ann Heisenfelt)
The 2016 presidential campaign begins in less than a month, for all intents and purposes.
Unfortunately for many/most of the hopefuls, though, they won't exactly slide into the campaign riding high.
Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley (D) was the latest hopeful to see his numbers slide when, on Tuesday, the Washington Post released a poll showing him underwater in his home state: 41 percent approval versus 48 percent disapproval . His approval rating has dropped 13 points since February and is at its lowest point ever in WaPo polling.
Similarly, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) is in worse shape at home than he's been since 2011, according to a Quinnipiac University poll  this week. Forty-six percent of New Jerseyans approve of Christie, while 45 percent disapprove. That's in stark contrast to the post-Sandy days when Christie was hugely popular.
But in seeing their numbers drop, both of these men are in some pretty good company. Hillary Rodham Clinton has seen her national image deteriorate for months now, with a recent NBC/Wall Street Journal poll showing her at 43 percent favorable and 41 percent unfavorable. And basically none of the top 2016 contenders has an approval or favorable rating above 50 percent right now.
That's right, none of the people with the best chance at becoming our next president have pleased even half of their constituents. And many of them are more disliked than liked.
Here are the most recent polls on nine of the top hopefuls, along with the pollster whose numbers we used.
(Being sub-50 is a little more understandable for folks like Sens. Ted Cruz and Rand Paul, who haven't been in the Senate for very long and are still somewhat less-known. Both have above-water personal image ratings.)
Does that mean we've got a bunch of duds for candidates in 2016? Not necessarily. The current political environment is pretty tough for anyone who is well known. While approval ratings over 50 percent used to be the norm, it's more and more the exception to the rule.
But the fact that none of these candidates are excelling at home suggests we're in for a pretty tough campaign. If their own people don't love them -- often in electorates that are pretty favorable for some of these Republicans -- we're guessing the broader American electorate won't exactly fall in love with them.
Which, in 2016, probably means a race to the bottom.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

Gray Divorce on the riseBy Brigid Schulte October 8 Follow @BrigidSchulte
Age Variation in the Divorce Rate, 1990-2012. Susan L. Brown, I-Fen Lin, & Krista K. Payne
By the time my great-grandparents hit retirement age, my great-grandmother was living with one daughter. My great-grandfather with another. The two rarely saw each other, or spoke. They had, my mother explained, an “Irish Divorce:” two people living separate lives and in all ways strangers, disconnected from each other, sharing only an unhappy past and a pair of wedding rings.
In their era, as Irish Catholics, divorce was not only a social stigma, but a moral sin. And, like most women at the time, a legal divorce would have left my great-grandmother, who had spent her life raising children and caring for a home, penniless.
Today, not only is Pope Francis meeting this month with bishops from around the world at the Vatican to reassess and potentially soften the Catholic church’s position on divorce and annulment, but new research being released on Wednesday shows that Irish Divorce has become a thing of the past.
Since 1990, the divorce rate for Americans over the age of 50 has doubled, and more than doubled for those over the age of 65. At a time when divorce rates for other age groups has stabilized or dropped, fully one out of every four people experiencing divorce in the United States is 50 or older, and nearly one in 10 is 65 or older, according to a new report by Susan L. Brown and I-Fen Lin, sociologists at Bowling Green State University.
But what researchers said they found particularly puzzling – it wasn’t just remarried older people who were getting divorced – remarriages typically don’t last as long as first marriages. And it wasn’t just older people without a college education getting divorced – in younger generations, those with college educations are about half as likely to divorce as those with less education.
More than half of all gray divorces are to couples in first marriages. Indeed, 55 percent of gray divorces are between couples who’d been married for more than 20 years.
“We found that flabbergasting,” Brown said.
Many of the marriages that had dissolved were not marked by severe discord, she said. Rather, the couples had simply grown apart. Much like Al and Tipper Gore, who shocked the world – and their friends – when they announced they were separating in 2010 after four kids and 40 years of marriage.
In fact, Brown said the Gores’ marital dissolution – the couple have yet to actually divorce – was what sparked the research into gray divorce in the first place. What the researchers have yet to figure out is why so many more older Americans are divorcing. And divorce no matter the age group, the researchers note, tends to be initiated by women.
“It’s not as if marital quality has suddenly declined. Instead, I think we have higher expectations now for what constitutes a successful marriage. We expect spouses to be best friends and marriage a source of happiness and fulfillment,” Brown said.
“As women achieve more financial independence and autonomy, frankly, they can afford to get divorced,” she continued. “And after you’ve launched your children and retire, people may realize, ‘Boy, we don’t have much in common, and I could live another 20 years.’ That’s a long time to live with someone you may not be that into anymore.”
In other words, fewer older people are willing to put up with an Irish Divorce anymore. And now, women, in particular, don’t have to. Brown has also written about rising cohabitation rates among older Americans, and a boom in older American online dating sites for singles.
For those in good health and with financial resources, a gray divorce may mean an era of freedom and independence, Brown said. But for others, divorce at an older age increases the risk of falling into poverty.
On average, the researchers note, older divorced Americans have only 20 percent as much wealth as older married couples. And the net wealth of those who’ve been widowed over age 50 is more than twice the wealth for what the researchers call the “gray divorced.”
That raises some important questions.
“Now that they no longer have a spouse, divorced older people have less social support. Relationships with their older children could be compromised as a result of the divorce,” Brown said. “As they age and experience health declines, who’s going to take care of them? Especially if they’re not able to afford the level of care that others with more economic resources have?”
Gray divorce is not solely an American phenomenon.
Elena Stancanelli, a senior researcher at the Paris School of Economics, was equally shocked when she analyzed divorce data in France and discovered that French couples who’d been married for 35 or 40 years are now as likely to divorce as couples who’ve been married for five years.
“There are a lot of questions about why this is happening that I can’t answer. Children grow up and leave home. Couples have to re-negotiate household chores. They finally are able to spend more time on leisure, and maybe that leads to conflict,” Stancanelli said. “But whatever the reasons, I have come to the conclusion that the retirement years have become increasingly critical for marriage stability.”
Researchers like Brown wonder if the rising divorce rate among this older Baby Boom generation will hold true for younger generations, Gen X and Millennials. “As marriage becomes more selective, and more tied to education than in the past, that could help stabilize marriages,” Brown said. In other words, fewer are getting into the kind of arranged marriage that my great grandparents had.
And perhaps, said Stephanie Coontz, a historian who teaches family studies at Evergreen State College, these younger, more selective couples won’t pour all their time and energy into work and their kids, as Baby Boomers did, but save some time for each other. So when the time inevitably comes when work is over and the kids are gone, they won’t find themselves staring across a silent dinner table at a stranger.
Brigid Schulte writes about work-life issues and poverty, seeking to understand what it takes to live The Good Life across race, class and gender.

Oil stocks on fire; are they the best bet on Street as crude slips below $91Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Guest post: which EMs are vulnerable to US dollar strengthSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Zensar Technologies sign deals with UK-based...Insurability
(Parab said Zensar had recently…)
NEW DELHI: Mid-sized software solutions firm Zensar Technologies today said it has signed a multi-million dollar deal with a leading UK-based high street retailer.
The Pune-headquartered firm has been managing multiple systems for the retailer for 7 years and the new engagement involves a managed services portfolio consolidation, it said in a statement.
Zensar did not provide financial details of the contract. The company's Technologies Enterprise Transformation Services Head Nitin Parab said: "Zensar's business in Europe has seen a significant boost in the Retail sector with this large deal lending a shot in the arm in our core businesses."
It has been investing significantly in building its leadership in the Retail vertical, through an omnipresent approach to next generation retail and making investments in Omni channel technology for retailers, he added.
Parab said Zensar had recently announced the acquisition of Professional Access Ltd USA (PA), one of the largest Oracle ATG and Endeca partners in the world.
"It is an Oracle Platinum partner with presence in US, UK, Latin America , Middle East and Africa. PA works with several large and mid-sized retailers in these geographies to build and implement their e-Commerce strategies," he added.
Besides, Zensar - an RPG Group company - has also signed new contracts in the commerce space including, an American toy and juvenile products retailer, one of the largest check printers in the US, one of the largest chain of retailers in Mexico a speciality fashion and lifestyle retailer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coal India refuses to take over de-allocated blocksOct 08, 2014, 09.04 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Coal India refuses to take over de-allocated blocks
According to Coal India sources, the company believes it will be a tedious process to acquire running mines and allocate manpower.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coal India refuses to take over de-allocated blocks
According to Coal India sources, the company believes it will be a tedious process to acquire running mines and allocate manpower.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Coal India  on Wednesday declined the government proposal to take over all the de-allocated coal blocks. The state-owned miner said there is not point in taking over blocks as they will be auctioned later.  
According to CIL sources, the company believes it will be a tedious process to acquire running mines and allocate manpower.
The Supreme Court last month cancelled 204 coal blocks allotted between 1993 and 2008 . The apex court had then asked Coal India to take over coal block to avoid disruption.
Of the total 218 blocks, 14 coal blocks, which are state-run non-joint ventures, have been spared. Out of 42 operational coal blocks, 42 have been cancelled by the SC. Those exempted from this verdict include one block each allocated to NTPC  and  SAIL , and two to Sasan Ultra Mega Power Projects (UMPP).
The cancellation of coal blocks will come into effect from March 31, 2015.
Coal India stock price
On November 24, 2014, Coal India closed at Rs 347.40, up Rs 0.30, or 0.09 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 423.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 240.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 21.06 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.5. The latest book value of the company is Rs 26.04 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 13.34.
RELATED NEWS

READ IN: Little White Chapel EditionDo you Read In? Sign up today for the only morning tip sheet you need, delivered free to your inbox every day at 8 a.m.!
A1: The stories you need to read before your first conference call.
-- The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals on Tuesday struck down same-sex marriage bans in Nevada and Idaho, and similar bans in Alaska, Arizona and Montana may be next after Monday's Supreme Court decision not to hear appeals of rulings overturning bans in other states. The Ninth Circuit ruling means as many as 35 states and the District of Columbia could soon allow same-sex couples to marry, up from 19 states and D.C. before the Supreme Court decision this week. ( SCOTUSblog , Wall Street Journal )
-- President Obama will make a series of speeches focusing on different parts of the economy in the run-up to the midterm elections, the White House told Democratic senators last month. But he won't be delivering those speeches on the campaign trail; instead, Congressional Democrats are hoping he stays in deep-blue states to raise money for the party. ( New York Times )
-- Missouri authorities are making plans for possible further unrest in advance of a grand jury's decision over whether to charge Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson in the August shooting death of unarmed teenager Michael Brown. The grand jury is expected to decide in the next month whether to charge Wilson; if they decide not to, police worry about a new round of protests. Missouri police have been in contact with law enforcement officials in New York, Los Angeles, Florida and Cincinnati in recent weeks. ( Reuters ) A federal judge on Monday ruled the Ferguson police violated the Constitution by requiring protestors to keep walking, a policy the police department adopted on Aug. 18, nine days after Brown's death. ( CNN )
-- Thomas Duncan, the Liberian stricken with Ebola in a Dallas hospital, is unresponsive and remains in critical condition. Texas health officials are still keeping an eye on 48 people who had contact with Duncan before he was taken to the hospital on Sept. 28, including 10 whom health officials consider at "high risk." ( Washington Post )
-- WalMart, the biggest private sector employer in the country, said Tuesday it would raise health insurance premiums for its 1.3 million workers beginning in January by 19 percent, and it will end health care coverage for about 30,000 part-time employees who work fewer than 30 hours a week. Companies with more than 50 employees will have to provide health care to employees who work more than 30 hours a week under the Affordable Care Act, starting in January. Target and Home Depot have announced similar benefit cuts, citing the ACA. ( Reuters )
-- Front Pages: WaPo leads with Islamic State's goals of controlling water supplies in northern Iraq, next to a heartbreaking photo of the Giants scoring the game winner against the Nationals in San Francisco last night. NYT leads with frustration over Turkey's inaction against Islamic State. WSJ highlights market jitters after a big drop on Tuesday, and USA Today leads with a Susan Davis look at the possibility of runoffs in key Senate races after Election Day. Reno Gazette-Journal full page banner: "Nevada ban ends." Idaho Statesman four columns: "Appeals court lifts Idaho's same-sex marriage ban."
National Roundup: What's happening outside the Beltway.
-- WH'16: New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) is visiting New Hampshire for the fourth time since July, this time to campaign with gubernatorial candidate Walt Havenstein (R) in Berlin and Lancaster. ( New Hampshire Union Leader )
-- Virginia: A panel of federal judges on Tuesday declared Virginia's congressional maps unconstitutional because they concentrate so many African American voters in one district, limiting their influence in other districts. Democrats brought the case; the court ordered the state general assembly to draw new congressional maps by next April. Privately, several state Republicans acknowledged that a redrawn map could put at least one, and possibly several, Republican-held districts in play. ( Washington Post )
-- Massachusetts: Attorney General Martha Coakley's (D) unfavorable rating has spiked from 30 percent to 39 percent in just the last month, according to a new MassInc/WBUR poll, while businessman Charlie Baker's favorable rating has risen from 36 percent to 46 percent. Coakley leads Baked by a 41 percent to 39 percent margin, after being up 10 points in mid-September. ( RealClearPolitics , pdf)
-- New Hampshire: A new UNH survey shows tight races for both Granite State House seats. Rep. Carol Shea-Porter (D) leads former Rep. Frank Guinta (R) by a statistically insignificant 42 percent to 39 percent margin in the 1st district, and state Rep. Marilinda Garcia (R) leads Rep. Ann Kuster (D) by a statistically insignificant 41 percent to 37 percent margin in the 2nd district. Here's a fun crosstab: Both Democrats lead among Boston Globe readers by 25 points, and both Republicans lead among New Hampshire Union Leader readers by double digits. ( UNH , pdf)
-- Connecticut: Gov. Dan Malloy (D) and former U.S. Ambassador Tom Foley (R) are tied at 43 percent of the vote, a new Quinnipiac survey finds. Malloy has an 11-point edge among women, while Foley leads among men by the same margin. Independent Joe Visconti is taking 9 percent. Malloy's fav/unfav numbers are a terrible 41 percent to 51 percent, while Foley's are about even, 41 percent to 39 percent. ( Quinnipiac )
-- Alaska: Supporters of a ballot measure to legalize marijuana have outspent opponents by about a ten-to-one margin since the beginning of the year. The money, about $827,000 since the beginning of January, mostly comes from the Marijuana Policy Project, the D.C.-based group. ( Alaska Dispatch News ) Political scientists are skeptical that ballot measures can swing voters, but if that strategy works anywhere this year, it'll be Alaska. Along with marijuana legalization, there's a minimum wage hike on the ballot, too.
DC Digest: What's on tap today in DC.
-- President Obama participates in a conference call this afternoon with state and local officials to discuss domestic preparedness for a potential Ebola outbreak. This afternoon, he heads to the Pentagon for a briefing with military leaders on the fight against Islamic State militants.
-- Vice President Biden wakes up in San Francisco on day three of his West Coast swing. He'll head to Portland for two events with Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.), a fundraiser and a rally, before heading to Seattle, where he'll remain overnight.
-- The Pentagon has spent up to $1.1 billion on U.S. military operations against Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria since mid-June, including $62 million on Navy airstrikes and Tomahawk missiles. U.S. Central Command said 47 cruise missiles have been launched and Air Force fighters have dropped 1,000 munitions. ( Associated Press )
TV Time Out: Our exclusive look at who's advertising, and where.
-- California: Two groups with close ties to House Speaker John Boehner are making California's 7th district a big priority. American Action Network and the Congressional Leadership Fund -- which operate under the same roof -- will spend $2 million over two weeks on behalf of former Rep. Doug Ose (R) beginning Oct. 14. House Majority PAC and the DCCC will spend about $1 million for Rep. Ami Bera (D) over the same period. And Sacramento TV station owners will light cigars with twenties in celebration.
-- Michigan: The NRSC has cut about $850,000 in TV ad reservations intended to boost former Secretary of State Terri Lynn Land (R) after polls, both public and private, show Land trailing Rep. Gary Peters (D). ( The Hill )
-- Colorado: Freedom Partners is dropping another $1.5 million on Sen. Mark Udall (D), for an ad that starts with a great shot of Udall and President Obama together on the links (That's right, Obama plays with someone other than his best buddies). Bonus: Check out the Peter Hamby cameo at the end of the ad.
-- Battle for the Senate: In the first two weeks of September, 70.5 percent of all ads run on behalf of Democratic candidates were negative, while just 39.3 percent of ads run on behalf of Republican candidates were negative, according to the Wesleyan Media Project. Among outside groups, 91 percent of Democratic ads and 78 percent of Republican ads were negative. ( Wall Street Journal )
B1: Business, politics and the business of politics
-- Eleven months ago, the Washington State legislature passed the largest package of corporate tax incentives in U.S. history in order to keep thousands of Boeing jobs in-state. Now, Boeing is moving 2,000 engineering jobs to Missouri and Oklahoma and creating another 700 jobs associated with the 777X out of state, and lawmakers feel burned. "We've been had," said state Sen. Adam Kline (D).
-- The lesson for states: Include claw-back provisions. The Washington State legislature did not include any employment standards Boeing has to meet in order to qualify for the $8.7 billion in breaks. Nevada, on the other hand, did include minimum employment and investment standards a company has to reach before qualifying for breaks and subsidies in a recent deal aimed at attracting a major Tesla battery factory. ( Washington Post )
-- Market futures are up a bit after the Dow lost 272 points, or 1.6 percent, on Thursday. International markets are down across the board; the Nikkei lost more than 1 percent today. ( CNN )
C1: The long reads you'll need to check out before tonight's cocktail party.
-- A long Nicholas Confessore look at the politicization of school lunches in this week's NYT Magazine: The Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 started as a bipartisan accomplishment spearheaded by First Lady Michelle Obama, but as the administration began to carve out specific rules, it pitted high-powered interest groups against each other. Today, the School Nutrition Association, once supportive of the bill, is its biggest critic.
-- Potato growers and frozen-food lobbies attacked regulations issued in 2011, and a private company in Minnesota fought to protect a loophole that allowed them to equate two tablespoons of tomato paste as eight tablespoons of tomatoes. The interest groups partnered with House Republicans, who cast the bill as another intrusion of an overbearing government. Earlier this year, the School Nutrition Association refused Let's Move! executive director Sam Kass's request to speak at their annual conference in Boston, signifying an irreparable breach between the White House and their one-time ally. ( New York Times )
-- Reid's Take: What a classic example of a battle between special interest groups, and what a classic illustration of a White House that has so often tried to revamp the way those battles play out. Whether it was an effort to reorganize government trade offices or to take on entrenched bureaucracies at the Pentagon, Obama's efforts to realign D.C. have fallen victim to the ways of Washington, which were here long before he showed up and which will remain long after.
C4: The comics page, fun things to read when you're bored at work
-- Former President George H.W. Bush measures his coffee intake by the half-cup. He never drinks decaf, and he takes his coffee while reading the papers -- he specifically mentioned USA Today and the Portland Press Herald. Bush hates it when his coffee gets cold, so he used to keep a coffee warmer next to his bed at the White House and at Camp David. ( Boston Globe )
Attn Matt Drudge: Things conservatives will get outraged by today.
-- Two Honolulu city council members have dropped plans to rename Sandy Beach, just north of Diamond Head, after President Obama. Council members Stanley Chang and Ernie Martin introduced plans to rename the beach, popular with body surfers, last week, but they rescinded the proposal after what Martin said were cultural and historical concerns. ( Honolulu Star Advertiser )
-- The Seattle City Council has voted to replace Columbus Day with Indigenous Peoples' Day. Italian-American groups objected to the change, but tribal leaders celebrated the holiday aimed at honoring Native American contributions to the U.S. The Seattle School Board and Bellingham, about an hour and a half north of Seattle, will both celebrate Native American heritage on Columbus Day. ( Associated Press )
Attn HuffPo: What outrages liberals today
-- Rep. Michael Burgess (R-Texas), like all House Republicans, voted against the Affordable Care Act. In fact, he did so 30 times. Now, he wants the Department of Health and Human Services to use Section 4002 of the ACA, which establishes the Prevention and Public Health Fund, to fight Ebola. The fund gives the HHS Secretary $2 billion a year to fight public health crises. "[H]ow about we take these $2 billion and we fight this darn disease?" Burgess said on a Texas radio show. ( ThinkProgress )
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

Heres everything you need to know about the new US passportsFinally catching up. (Creative Commons/Beatrice Murch)
SHARE
Zainab Mudallal @Zainab_Mudallal
October 8, 2014
For global travelers, a passport is a golden ticket. And starting in 2016, US passports will be getting an overhaul and catching up with the rest of the world’s protocol. It’s a lot to take on: US passport holders have increased by more than ten-fold over the past two decades. If your passport is due for a renewal, or you’re finally giving into your travel bug, here are some of the changes coming your way.
The information page 
Emulating most countries across the world, US passports will embed a data chip that makes your personal data machine-readable. The chip, embedded in the information page, will be protected by a polycarbonate coating that helps prevent your book from getting wet or bending when you sit on it, or drop it off the Eiffel Tower.
Numbered pages
The US is going back to its old ways and putting numbers on its passports pages, whether you get the standard 28-page book, or opt for the 52-pager (for no additional cost). This addition will help people keep track of their remaining pages, especially since some countries won’t accept passports that have fewer than four pages remaining. But there’s a catch.
No more additional pages
The US is one of the only countries that still issues extra pages  to frequent travelers, stapling an additional 24-page—or even 48-page  (pdf, page 4)—into their passports to make room for stamps and visas—even though the US deems foreign passports with additional pages not valid for travel. Too bad for the harried traveler: Extra pages are more costly than a renewal (they now cost $82), but less of a hassle to acquire, with same-day results most of the time.
 

No move to raise govt staff s retirement age: Ker CMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FPIs in selling modeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Forces fully ready to respond to Pak provocation: India tells UN as ceasefire violations continuePrint
An injured man is brought on a stretcher for treatment at the government medical college hospital following firing by Pakistani troops across the India Pakistan border at Jora farm in Jammu. (Source: AP photo)
Press Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: October 8, 2014 6:24 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 6:46 pm
India and Pakistan have sparred at the UN over ceasefire violations along the LoC with India making it clear that its armed forces are “fully ready” to respond to “ provocation”.
India also said that the onus of creating a positive environment for normalisation of relations is on Pakistan.
War of words between the two countries over the situation at the Line of Control took place on Tuesday at the UN General Assembly where India said that it was a “matter of deep regret” that Pakistan violated the ceasefire, in which eight people were killed and several others injured.
“It is a matter of deep regret that Pakistan has violated the ceasefire and their unprovoked firing has led to loss of civilian lives on Indian side…Firing on innocent civilians by Pakistan will only hamper normalisation of relations.
“The onus of creating a positive environment is on Pakistan which is utterly failing to do so,” senior official at the Indian Mission to the UN, Devesh Uttam said on Tuesday in his right of reply to Pakistan’s remarks.
Relatives of Rajesh Kumar, who was killed in mortar shell firing allegedly from the Pakistan’s side, weep inside their residential house at Masha da kothe village, in Arnia Sector. (Source: AP photo)
The Indian official stressed that everyone must be “assured” that India’s armed forces and paramilitary forces are “fully ready and they will respond to provocation”.
The Indian diplomat was responding to comments made by Pakistan’s Permanent Representative to the UN Masood Khan when he raised the issue of Jammu and Kashmir during the 21st plenary meeting of the General Assembly here on Tuesday.
Khan said that long-standing festering issues “cannot be swept under the carpet,” reiterating Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif’s address to the UN General Assembly last month that the core issue of Jammu and Kashmir has to be be resolved through negotiations and in accordance with the wishes of its people.
Voicing concern over the recent escalation of the ceasefire violations along the LoC by Indian security forces, Khan called on the Indian Government to immediately cease fire to preserve tranquility at the border.

Amitabh Bachchan tells tales of brother Ajitabh on TVBig B got nostalgic and shared fond memories of his relationship with his younger brother, said a source from the set.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 6:11 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 6:16 pm
Sibling love on “Kaun Banega Crorepati” moved its host Amitabh Bachchan so much that he shared some fun anecdotes about his brother Ajitabh with the audience.
On the ‘Jodi Special’ episode of the show, when Delhi-based brothers Achin and Sarthak Narula, who hit the jackpot of Rs.7 crore, shared about their brotherly bond, Big B also got nostalgic and shared fond memories of his relationship with his younger brother, said a source from the set.
He said it was Ajitabh who had clicked his first photograph when they were in Kolkata and incidentally, that was the same photograph, which he had circulated to all producers when he decided to become an actor.
He also said that his brother was the one who encouraged him to enter Bollywood and he is really grateful to him for his unconditional support.
“Kaun Banega Crorepati” is aired on Sony Entertainment Television.

Andy Murray  Novak Djokovic dominate; Stan Wawrinka bows out in ShanghaiRafael Nada suffered a 6-3, 7-6(6) loss to Feliciano Lopez (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Shanghai | Posted: October 8, 2014 5:57 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 10:03 pm
An ailing Rafa Nadal added his name to the list of upsets at the Shanghai Masters after the Spaniard suffered a 6-3 7-6(6) loss to Feliciano Lopez in Wednesday’s second round, as fourth seed Stan Wawrinka and in-form Kei Nishikori also made early exits.
World number one Novak Djokovic kicked off his title defence with a 6-3 6-4 win over Dominic Thiem, while Andy Murray did his hopes of grabbing a spot at the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals no harm with a 7-5 6-2 win over Jerzy Janowicz.
Nadal has been diagnosed with appendicitis which will require surgery and while the world number two tried to play through the pain he was clearly not at his best.
“For sure (I don’t feel) perfect,” said Nadal. “It’s the same way that I felt before. A little bit more dizzy now. But that’s it. Nothing that I have to worry about. When you lose a match, it is not the moment to talk about obvious things. I lost. Feli played better than me.”
Nadal said he had plans to have the surgery to remove his appendix at the end of the year.
“My thoughts is continue with Basel, Paris and London,” he said.
“It is true that in the past few months, I did not have the best of luck. I didn’t have the best of luck since Wimbledon. I was playing a good year, very positive year. After that I was unlucky with the wrist, what’s going on now. Now there remains three more tournaments for me.”
With five spots still up for grabs at the season-ender in London, Australian Open champion Wawrinka, who fell at the first hurdle in Tokyo last week, suffered the same fate in China with a 5-7 7-5 6-4 defeat to Frenchman Gilles Simon.
“Two weeks I didn’t win matches,” the Swiss said on the ATP’s official website. “But you have to accept that and see what was the problem. I don’t think I lost my game. I think I’m playing okay. I just had two really bad matches.”
American Jack Sock produced another upset when he defeated Japan’s Nishikori 7-6(5) 6-4.
It was the American’s first win over a top 10 opponent and brought Nishikori’s hot streak to an end. The Japanese came into the tournament after wins in Kuala Lumpur and Tokyo.
Djokovic, who is undefeated in 26 matches in China, had too much class for up-and-coming Austrian Thiem.
“I had to be on alert from the start because he was serving already 215 kilometers per hour in the first service game,” said Djokovic. “He was serving big, playing big.”
Briton Murray made short work of an out-of-touch Janowicz and will next meet David Ferrer after the Spaniard survived a tense encounter against Martin Klizan.
The fifth seed found the going difficult against his Slovak opponent before grinding out a 4-6 7-6(4) 6-4 victory continued…
It is true that in the past few months, I did not have the best of luck. I didn't have the best of luck since Wimbledon

Modi for governments that concur with each otherComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses a BJP election rally in Sonipat on Wednesday. (Source: PTI photo)
Propounding a new theory, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday sought a majority for BJP in Haryana Assembly elections so that the same party can rule both at the Centre and the state in the interest of development.
“The Centre and the state can be close to each other (an apparent reference to the geographical proximity of Delhi and Haryana), but if the government at the Centre and the state are on the same wavelength (apparently run by the same party) the results will be different,” he said addressing a public meeting here on his third leg of campaigning for the October 15 polls.
“Mujhe pass pass wali sarkar nahin, sath sath wali sarkar chahiye (I need governments that concur with each other),” he said, making an obvious reference to the need for governments of the same party at the Centre as well as in the state.
“I am working on the idea of ‘Team India’ where the Centre and the state will jointly take the country further on the development path. We are not enemy of the states, but we want to strengthen them so that the entire country gets strengthened,” he said.
Referring to governments other than those run by BJP in states, he said few are concurring (saath saath) in nature.
However, Modi said if a government that is elected in Haryana does not permit him to enter here, how will it be possible (to help Haryana in development).
He urged the electorate to choose a government in the state so that he is able to serve them.
“Elect a government of absolute majority in Haryana,” he told the gathering.
Laying emphasis on Centre-state ties, he said, “Till now, 1 plus 1 was two as the state stood next to the Centre. I want to change this mathematics so that 1 plus 1 becomes 11. I want to create that strength. This will help India become 11 times powerful and it would not take any time to change the fortunes of the country”.
He said that he was eager to help Haryana as it is close to Delhi.

Rekha to appear on Kapil Sharmas comedy showPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 5:49 pm
Bollywood screen diva Rekha is all set to appear on ‘Comedy Nights with Kapil’, her first TV appearance in a decade, to promote her upcoming film ‘Super Nani’.
The 59-year-old actor, who was last seen on chat show ‘Rendezvous with Simi Garewal’ in 2004, will appear as a guest on the Kapil Sharma’s popular show this weekend.
“One of my favourite picture… Zanju (Kapil’s adopted pet Zanjeer) playing with Rekha ji,” Kapil posted on twitter along with the picture of the actress.
On the show, Rekha revealed that she started her career in showbiz as a six-month-old child.
“My first screen appearance had no dialogues. I was only six-month-old. I had an older boy playing my elder brother, who fed me ice-cream and all I had to do was enjoy the ice-cream he fed me!,” she said.
‘Super Nani’ is based on Gujarati play, ‘Baa Ae Maari Boundary’. It gives a strong message to all the women that their power lies within themselves and all they need to do is discover and use it.
Also starring Sharman Joshi, Randhir Kapoor and Anupam Kher besides Rekha, the film is slated to release on October 24 with ‘Happy New Year’.

With a bullet: Ebola  Botox  and shifting forEMAIL
(Joe Raedle/Getty Images)
“Gosh,” you might be thinking. “What’s a good way to profit from the Ebola outbreak, which has killed about 3,500 people and possibly spread to Spain?” Wall Street is one step ahead of you, pushing up the price of hazmat suit maker Lakeland Industries 91% this year .
Costco profit rose 13% in the third quarter on stronger sales and fee revenue.
Warren Buffett says he’s puzzled by the slow rebound in home construction . “You would think that people would be lining up now to get mortgages to buy a home,” Buffett said today at a conference hosted by Fortune magazine in Laguna Niguel, Calif. He might want to talk to former Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke about that.
Here’s a look at the mortgage refinance index, which has, indeed, flatlined . (Via Calculated Risk ).
Valeant and Pershing Square are going to raise their offer for Allergan, maker of Botox , to $191 a share, or $60 billion in cash and stock.
Wall Street companies earned $8.7 billion in profit the first half of the year, a 13% decline from the same period a year earlier. The main reason: The companies broke the law in the runup to the financial crisis , resulting in massive fines.

Cheaper gas & spending trends
The biggest chain restaurants are voluntarily cutting caloriesA salad from Olive Garden. (Matt McClain/The Washington Post)
Menus of America, you've been slimming down.
The largest chain restaurants in the United States, including McDonald's and Applebee's, have significantly reduced the calories in their newest items, according to findings published in October's American Journal of Preventive Medicine.
From 2012 to 2013, researchers from the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health analyzed nearly 20,000 menu items from 66 of the 100 largest American chain restaurants using MenuStat project data, a census of menus. They found a nearly 60-calorie average drop (about 12 percent) for new items.
New entrees, children's items and beverages had the biggest decrease in calories.
But overall, average calories didn't change on these menus. And most of the changes were to items that don't make up the core of a restaurant's business; for example, there wasn't much change in burgers at burger joints or pizzas at pizza places.
The voluntary reduction in calories is probably a result of impending federal regulations requiring restaurants to disclose calorie counts, said Sara Bleich, the study's lead author and an associate professor at the Johns Hopkins school. Some localities, such as New York City, already have required restaurants to do that.
"Because these are some of the largest chains in the country, from a revenue perspective, chances are many of them have been impacted by the local regulations. That transparency has pushed them to think more carefully as they introduce new menu items, as they do every year" with fewer calories, she said. "It's just so shocking to consumers when they see these numbers, if they see a salad has 900 calories."
While 60 or 70 calories might not seem like a lot, that drop can have a major impact over the long run, Bleich said. For instance, on an average day, children and adolescents have a 110- to 165-calorie "energy gap," meaning they are overeating and/or under-exercising. "This is a way to chip away at that," Bleich said, noting that about one-third of adults and children eat at fast-food restaurants on a typical day.
Bleich said the reduced calories may even have a bigger impact on American diets than the disclosure of calorie-count information, because labeling items as "healthy" may lead some consumers to skip those items.
"Behavior is very resistant to change," she said. "The beauty of what we're seeing is consumers aren't being made aware of it, that some things they might purchase are just a little bit lower-calorie."
RELATED:
The Center for Science in the Public Interest’s Xtreme Eating Awards went to nine "winning" chain restaurant meals especially high in calories, fat, sugar and salt. The Cheesecake Factory got three of them. (Tom LeGro/The Washington Post)
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

We ran Indias top ministers assets by a financial planner. He is worried about ModiFinance minister Arun Jaitley is the richest member of the cabinet. (Reuters/Adnan Abidi)
SHARE
Shruti Chakraborty @shruti_14789
October 8, 2014
The Prime Minister’s Office has published the assets and liabilities of the union council of ministers. As we reported when the new cabinet was sworn in, members of this cabinet are poorer  overall than the one that it replaced, even though 17 of the 22 ministers are crorepatis (net worth of more than Rs1 crore or $162,926).
The poorest member is urban development minister Venkaiah Naidu, with net assets of Rs22 lakh ($35,834.98), while the richest is the former lawyer Arun Jaitley, who holds the key defence and finance portfolios and is worth Rs72 crore ($11.7 million).
But the men and women holding the reins to India’s growth and future have not done a good job of planning for their own retirement or optimally investing their assets.
“It stands out that none of these ministers have much investment in equity and equity-related assets,” said Suresh Sadagopan, founder of Ladder7 Financial Advisory, who analyzed the declared assets of Narendra Modi, Arun Jaitley (defence and finance), Rajnath Singh (home), Sushma Swaraj (external affairs), Smriti Irani (human resource development)  and Maneka Gandhi (women and child development) for us. He offered the advice with the disclaimer that he was working with limited information and only what is in the public domain. Professional financial planners need to know personal goals before they can offer advice.
 “If this is all he (Modi) has, he will find it very difficult to sustain himself” 
Except Gandhi, the others are holding their assets mostly in traditional instruments. The interest income from some of the traditional instruments is taxable and the returns are not good enough, keeping inflation in mind, to support someone during retirement, Sadagopan said.
The asset portfolios of ministers are heavily loaded with property and jewellery. Neither are very good stores of value, Sadagopan said. “The property market is not very developed in India for investments. The location of the property and the development of surroundings areas can affect their value unexpectedly,” he added.
Narendra Modi
The value of Narendra Modi’s residential property has grown exponentially. The property he bought in Gandhinagar for Rs130,488 ($2,125) in 2002 is now valued at Rs1 crore ($162,904). He has Rs17 lakh ($27,690) in a fixed deposit and Rs4.3 lakh ($7,005) in National Savings Certificates and in Insurance policies. “There are no regular cash flows from the savings invested in an insurance policy. Also, the interest would vary between 3.5% and 7%. Depending on what kind of NSC it is, the return will be between 8.5% and 8.8%. If this is all he has, he will find it very difficult to sustain himself,” Sadagopan said.
Rajnath Singh
He has agricultural land worth Rs50 lakh and a residential property worth Rs1.4 crore ($228,040.82). Singh also has a revolver and two guns besides jewellery worth Rs4.8 lakh ($7,819). He also has Rs60.71 lakh ($98,912) in banks and Rs70,000 ($1,140) in hand. “Rajnath Singh’s savings seem like a cause for worry. The return on agricultural land is marginal. Even if you are doing agriculture, you can only get 5-10% return on it,” Sadagopan said. He may not liquidate the guns and will probably live in the residential property. “Fixed deposits and savings accounts are not the best way to help the savings grow significantly,” Sadagopan said. His portfolio seems “fraught with danger”, he added.
Smriti Irani
Smriti Irani has total assets of Rs 4.15 crore ($676,055). Out of this, Rs 4.9 lakh ($7,980) is cash in hand. She also has a small amount invested in mutual funds and shares. “We don’t know her requirements but typically this much cash in hand is not suggested,” Sadagopan said. There is too much dependence on land and property in her portfolio. “While her case isn’t bad, she could reallocate the bank balance and the amount in Kisan Vikas Patra into higher yielding assets. Depending on her risk appetite, she could put her money in debt funds,” he added. Irani has Rs26.2 lakh ($42,671) as bank balance and Rs29 lakh ($47,242) in Kisan Vikas Patra. She has two residential properties in Mumbai and Goa and five plots of agricultural land in Maharashtra.
Sushma Swaraj
Her net assets are Rs2.7 crore ($439,843). Of this, Rs1.4 crore ($228,097) are in fixed deposits. She looks like someone who is very risk averse from her declared assets, Sadagopan said. He adds that the fixed deposits could be reallocated depending on her risk appetite. She could invest in a debt fund if she is not comfortable with the higher risk of equity, he recommended.
Arun Jaitley
Jaitley, a successful lawyer, is the richest minister in the cabinet. His net assets are Rs72.10 crore ($11,745,443). He has vehicles worth more than Rs3 crore ($488,778), bank balance of Rs75 lakh ($122,195) and Rs1.3 crore ($211,726) as cash in hand. While retirement shouldn’t be a concern for Jaitley, his asset portfolio is slightly skewed, Sadagopan said. “He seems to have overdone the investment in land (Rs35.2 crore) and he should reallocate it. The bank balance could be brought down as well and Rs1.3 crore of cash in hand should be reallocated. While there is enough allocation in growth assets, he could invest more in equity,” Sadagopan said.
Maneka Gandhi
Maneka Gandhi is well funded. Her total assets are worth Rs37.68 crore ($6,139,059). She has residential property worth Rs18 crore ($2,932,288) and commercial property worth Rs 6.9 crore ($1,124,044). She has fixed deposits worth Rs6.3 crore ($1,026,183) and Rs97.3 lakh ($9,158,488) in bank deposits. “Maneka Gandhi is the only one who also has significant investment in mutual funds and shares. Her asset allocation is good,” Sadagopan said. 30% of her savings are invested in growth assets, which puts her in a good position in terms of returns. She hasn’t declared how much money she gets from the rent on the commercial property.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Fully ready to respond to Pak provocation: India tells UNThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cong in Kerala to seek suitable action from high commandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Exim Bank extends $7.76mn line of credit to Cuban BankThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mulayam attacks Modi at SP s national conventionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Good time to buy Brokers eye 11 stocks for investmentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

NMDC s iron production in H1  FY 15 up 12.3%Oct 08, 2014, 06.12 PM IST  | Source: PTI
NMDC's iron production in H1, FY'15 up 12.3%
According to a filing with bourses yesterday, the miner said the production and sales for the same period during the last fiscal stood at 12.86 million tonne and 13.76 million tonne respectively.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NMDC's iron production in H1, FY'15 up 12.3%
According to a filing with bourses yesterday, the miner said the production and sales for the same period during the last fiscal stood at 12.86 million tonne and 13.76 million tonne respectively.
Post your opinion here
 
State-owned  NMDC has said its iron production during April-September in the current fiscal was up 12.3 percent to 14.44 million tonne, while sales showed 15.2 percent growth to 15.85 million tonne.
According to a filing with bourses yesterday, the miner said the production and sales for the same period during the last fiscal stood at 12.86 million tonne and 13.76 million tonne respectively.
The statement said the iron ore production from its mines in Chhattisgarh stood at 10.05 million tons and the same was at 4.38 million tons from Karnataka mines. Meanwhile NMDC said the prices of iron ore would remain same for the month of October.
'Lump Ore' will be available at Rs 4,600 per ton and 'Fines' will be billed at Rs 3,160, the filing said. The NMDC scrip closed at Rs 161.60, up 0.91 percent, on the BSE today.
RELATED NEWS

Nothing has changed..its all left to the whims and fancies of these so...Platinum Member
54 Followers
The volumes today were similar to what we saw yesterday and the stock went in complete opposite directions..70% (18 Lakhs) taken on delivery on NSE today as well..So i wouldn`t really attribute this to strong institutional hands and also 25 lakh shares is not even 0.0001% of the equity and as you know STRONG institutional hands have minimum 0.5-1% of the equity..Moreever I have been telling that releasing reports prior to the results just does not make sense and it only indicates some kind of trading strategy..It was surprising that Citi chose to remain mum on TCS...The argument about valuations being too expensive is very old one..The fact that we still give them enough weight is because they deserve to..Also don`t forget that our markets have been on steroids ever since Modi came to power but have any big ticket reforms taken place??..The answer is NO !!!.But the hope of things coming back to normalcy as time goes by is keeping the markets float at these levels still without correcting too much..Likewise Infosys is a story where there has been a sea change in the management and the markets are ready to give Vishal Sikka the benefit of doubt before they really decide to take a decision on the stock..He has already done a lot from instilling confidence in the employees by taking up internal ideation to getting competent people in place at crucial positions..Getting his ex SAP employees in key roles also is a big step in determinging the right strategy..Come Friday, the 10th I will be looking at 3 factors
1) Forward guidance (I am looking at the company sending a strong signal to the markets that they are here to make the company tread back on the growth path)
2) Dividend payout (Expect a much higher dividend compared to what they have been doing in the past and put the large cash reserved to better use)
3) Attrition rate ( Expect the rate to come down to 16% from the highs of nearly 20% last quarter)..
If all of these turn out to to be positive, i expect the stock to zoom 5-10% and all the shorts will be closed..Today`s selling was anyway an exaggerated reaction which IMHO was not warranted but who can really control markets..We have to take what comes our way..I see the stock rebounding back strongly tomorrow and close maybe above 3750 also..34 more hours and we all shall know where the stock is headed !!!
11.30 PM Oct 8th

Turk bro ! i have a small query in mind... what is i sell bonus shares...Platinum Member
215 Followers
I assume you bought recently and want to sell within 365 days and in the mean time the bonus happened. Normally you would have paid 15% on the gains of the total JBMA holding.
Because of the bonus, you would pay 15% on the gains still, but this time only for 50% of your holding. For the balance 50%, you will pay 15% on the CMP@Sell i.e. the whole of sell amount.
That`s not the way you mention (30%) but you can calculate and find a factor vis-a-vis the original tax obligation. Assume a CMP@Sell that provides 100% gains on your buy price for ease of calculation.
1.59 PM Oct 9th

What is the lot sizeCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

A blind buy for target of 680 just wait exide is far behind from amara...New Member
2 Followers
Yes; once expansion process is completed, ARBL will fly higher.   Please note that the enemies of Amararaja have  again started appearing as "Guest artists" and also under new names trying to inject negative remarks to the investors. A correction in share price is always healthy and good for investors.
10.39 AM Oct 9th

Indian Air Force strengthening capacity  says its chiefOct 08, 2014 at 05:20pm IST
Indian Air Force strengthening capacity, says its chief
7
0
Hindon: Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha on Wednesday said the Indian Air Force is strengthening its capacity and the situation in the neighbourhood requires "operation readiness".
"Our air defence capability is being further strengthened by the induction of modern sensors and weapon system," the Indian Air Force chief said while addressing the 82nd Air Force Day celebrations.
"The global security environment has witnessed paradigm shift and the deteriorating environment in our neighbourhood is a matter of concern for us," Raha said while laying stress on readiness.
Air Chief Marshal said the Indian Air Force is strengthening its capacity and the situation in the neighbourhood requires "operation readiness".
#indian air force #air chief marshal #sachin tendulkar
"The nation reposes great trust in professionalism... It is our responsibility to ensure high operational readiness to respond swiftly," he said.
The Air Force Day celebrations, held at the Air Force Station here on the edge of the national capital, was also attended by army chief General Dalbir Singh and navy chief Admiral R.K. Dhowan.
Cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar, who is an honorary group captain in the IAF, also attended the event. Tendulkar donned the air force uniform and was accompanied by his wife Anjali.
One Bar to Vayu Sena Medal, 19 Vayu Sena Medals for gallantry, 15 Vayu Sena Medals, and 30 Vishisht Seva Medals were also awarded to air force officers and personnel on the occasion.
The celebrations were marked by air display, which had a spectrum of transport and fighter aircraft of the IAF, including Mi-17V5, Hercules C-130, AN-32, Jaguar, MiG-21 Bison, MiG-29 Baaz, Mirage 2000 and Su-30 MKI.
The air show, which left the spectators spell bound, involved different formations and display of flares by the aircraft. The classic 80-year-old, single-engine propeller Tiger Moth aircraft won hearts when it flew past the parade ground, coloured in bright orange.
Air display by the Sarang Team, with its four peacock painted helicopters, was an attraction of the show.
1

Bengal has to look for USP  other than industry itself: Shrachi Group MD'No clear framework to finance infra sector'
Pashupathy Gopalan, President and Managing director Asia, SunEdison says the 12th Five Year Plan requires close to a trillion dollars for the infrastructure space. The electricity industry needs $750 mn in the next 15 years. Gopalan was speaking at Business Today's Power Breakfast held at Trident Chennai in association with The Oberoi Group.
'Expect 7 mn units via sale domestically by 2020'
Nigel Harris, president, Ford India says he expects the industry to clock seven million units of sales domestically in an year by 2020. Harris was speaking at Business Today's Power Breakfast organised at Trident Chennai in association with The Oberoi Group.
Advertisement

Bengal govt has helped streamline the work for industries'No clear framework to finance infra sector'
Pashupathy Gopalan, President and Managing director Asia, SunEdison says the 12th Five Year Plan requires close to a trillion dollars for the infrastructure space. The electricity industry needs $750 mn in the next 15 years. Gopalan was speaking at Business Today's Power Breakfast held at Trident Chennai in association with The Oberoi Group.
'Expect 7 mn units via sale domestically by 2020'
Nigel Harris, president, Ford India says he expects the industry to clock seven million units of sales domestically in an year by 2020. Harris was speaking at Business Today's Power Breakfast organised at Trident Chennai in association with The Oberoi Group.
Advertisement

Bengal has gradually declined in businesses: Titagarh Wagons MD'No clear framework to finance infra sector'
Pashupathy Gopalan, President and Managing director Asia, SunEdison says the 12th Five Year Plan requires close to a trillion dollars for the infrastructure space. The electricity industry needs $750 mn in the next 15 years. Gopalan was speaking at Business Today's Power Breakfast held at Trident Chennai in association with The Oberoi Group.
'Expect 7 mn units via sale domestically by 2020'
Nigel Harris, president, Ford India says he expects the industry to clock seven million units of sales domestically in an year by 2020. Harris was speaking at Business Today's Power Breakfast organised at Trident Chennai in association with The Oberoi Group.
Advertisement

This Scientist Has A Surprising Idea For Protecting Football Playersreddit
Dr. Ainissa Ramirez (Chion Wolf/WNPR)
You don't have to be a scientist to enjoy watching football, but being one certainly changes your perspective on the game.
Just ask Dr. Ainissa Ramirez , co-author of the 2013 book Newton's Football: The Science Behind America's Game .
As the materials-scientist-turned-science-evangelist makes clear in this wide-ranging interview with HuffPost Science editor David Freeman, football spotlights a series of fascinating science-themed questions--from why the ball is shaped like that (an "prolate spheroid") to why helmets don't offer much protection against concussions, to the daunting physics of on-field collisions.
To hear the full interview with Ramirez--and learn Ramirez's surprising proposal for how to protect players against concussions--click on the podcast link above.
The interview was originally broadcast on Sharon, Connecticut radio station WHDD/Robin Hood Radio . Scroll down for more Science Insider interviews.
More:

Here s The Letter Calling On Facebook To Help  Servant -Like Bus Driversreddit
Facebook's bus drivers are treated like "servants" who shuttle the company's "noblemen" employees to and from work every day, according to a letter sent to Mark Zuckerberg last week.
The letter , written by Rome Aloise, principal officer of the Teamsters Union branch in Northern California, calls out Zuckerberg for the unfair treatment of Facebook's shuttle bus drivers, who are seeking union representation.
"While your employees earn extraordinary wages and are able to live and enjoy life in some of the most exclusive neighborhoods in the Bay Area, these drivers can't afford to support a family, send their children to school, or, least of all, afford to even dream of buying a house anywhere near where they work," Aloise's letter reads. "This is reminiscent of a time when noblemen were driven around in their coaches by their servants."
Facebook's drivers are employed by a contractor called Loop Transportation. Aloise's letter asks Zuckerberg, the CEO of the social networking company, to encourage Loop to recognize a union representing Facebook's bus drivers so they can collectively fight for a "fair contract that allows these drivers to earn a livable wage and support their families in dignity."
Facebook did not immediately respond to a HuffPost request for comment Monday.
According to The New York Times, Facebook's drivers make between $18 and $20 an hour . There are about 40 drivers who operate the Facebook shuttles that transport workers from San Francisco to the company's campus in Menlo Park.
Many Silicon Valley janitors, security guards and bus drivers are employed by contractors, rather than by the region's tech giants directly. While this model cuts costs for the billion-dollar companies, it often means lower wages, worse benefits and less protection for the workers.
Last week, a year after Google security guards protested their low wages, the company announced it would be severing ties with its security contractor and employing its guards directly instead.
Here's the Teamsters' letter in full (emphasis added):
October 2, 2014

New Eddy tablet review: Ideal learning tool for kidsPrint
As of now, Eddy is among the best options available in India in this segment.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: October 7, 2014 5:06 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 5:52 pm
As the father of a tech savvy three-year-old, I have my job cut out keeping him off the seamy side of the Internet and also ensuring he does not have an overdose of technology. My son has been using tablets and smartphone since he was one and the devices have worked wonders on him. He is still in play school, but can already write three and four letter words. While he started out on my iPad, earlier this year he got hooked to the Eddy tablet from Metis Learning. The good thing about the Eddy was that you can limit the time your child spends on the tablet. Now, Metis has tied up with Intel to bring a second version of the tablet.
What’s new: The tablet is now powered by an Intel Atom Processor Z2520 and runs Android 4.2.2 OS overlaid by the proprietary Athena OS. The scratch-proof and impact resistant 7-inch multi touch capacitive IPS screen now comes with UV-ray protective layer. The tablet has an internal storage of 16 GB and can be expanded up to 32 GB.
Price: Rs 9,999 (available only on Amazon)
Performance: My son has been using the first version for well over eight months and never once has he come to me complaining about the tab not working, or getting stuck somewhere. Being a digital native and having spoilt by Apple, he is much more impatient than me when  it comes to technology. I gave him the new Eddy to see his reaction. While he didn’t realise that this was the same as his Green iPad — (the first Eddy came with a green bumper to protect it from kids) — he did not bat an eyelid before plunging right into the apps. There were a lot of apps he was familiar with, as well as a lot of new ones. He was switching between the apps seamlessly. At least from a child’s point of view there is nothing to complain about the performance of the tablet and I don’t want to bring a dad’s point of view here. That is irrelevant.
Software: Eddy has a customised OS layer called Athena. This is a child-friendly, icon heavy interface where there is no learning involved. The apps are segregated into Language, Reference, Our World, Creativity & Fun as well as Maths. Each section carries over a dozen apps and you can easily add more. When you open an app, you get the regular Android navigation panel below.
The good things
Customisation: The best thing about Eddy is that it can be customised per child. So you can have multiple accounts if there are multiple children in the house. Each of these accounts can have specific settings, where you can limit the use of a certain type of apps and push the use of others.
Parent zone: The parent zone is the business end of this tablet and lets you take control of how your child uses technology. I could easily add and remove apps from each of the different sections. It also gives a good report card of what your child has been up to. Plus, there is the option to block or promote subjects.
Android Zone: For those who think spending Rs 9,999 to buy a tablet just for the toddler might be an extravagance, the Eddy comes with an Android mode that lets you use it like any other 7-inch tablet. Here you might have issues with the older Android version of the tablet. But just remember this tab is not about the OS or the spec sheet, but about your child.
Charge: The first eddy had a pin charger, which has now been replaced by a micro-USB charger. So you don’t need to take your charger along anymore.
The not so good
In its bid to make the screen stronger, Metis seems to have made it a little bit less responsive. While children might not have a problem dragging the alphabets a little bit harder, you might feel frustrated doing so.
Strictly looking at the device from a child’s angle, I don’t think there is any need for a camera in this tablet. It might be a good idea to take the camera out and make it cheaper so that more children get to use this device.
Verdict: If you want to be a responsible parent who offers you child more than a free run with Temple Run, then you should invest in a device that is a learning tool as well as fun companion for children. As of now, Eddy is among the best options available in India in this segment. The company claims the first version was sold out and we think the second version could also be headed the same way.

Wall Street is hurting ... sortaWall Street is hurting ... sorta
By Gregory Wallace   @gregorywallace October 7, 2014: 5:11 PM ET
 
Crowning Wall Street's top athlete
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Wall Street is feeling a bit of Main Street's pain.
It's all relative, however.
The securities industry is still hauling in multi-billion dollar profits, its employees are impressively well-paid, and bonuses are growing again.
But "the good old days" aren't entirely back in the financial world. The industry isn't immune from the economic downturn it sparked. Profits aren't what they once were, jobs have been lost and financial regulators are bringing the heat.
The New York State Comptroller took the temperature of Wall Street and released a "check up" report on Tuesday. Here are five key takeaways:
Profits are down: The securities industry, the broker-dealer piece of big banks and trading firms, made $8.7 billion in the first half of 2014.
That's a big chunk of change -- bigger than the GDP of some countries -- but it's 13% less than last year. Last year was a down year, too: 30% less than the year before.
It's not entirely cause for alarm. Three out of the last five years are Wall Street's three most profitable years.
The profits show the industry is responding to the changing landscape. Trading is less profitable, but revenue has remained stable as the firms focus on their wealth management and brokerage businesses.
Regulatory costs are up: Why are profits down? One significant reason is the huge sums banks have agreed to pay out to financial regulators for misdeeds during and leading up to the financial crisis.
By one estimate, the six biggest banks have paid out about $130 billion.
The report notes significant settlements involving Bank of America ( BAC ) and Goldman Sachs ( GS ) will likely be reflected in earnings for the second half of this year.
10,500 people lost their jobs: The Great Recession triggered job losses across the economy, and Wall Street is down from the pre-crisis days.
About 10,500 securities jobs, or about 15%, have been lost, according to the report. Headcount in the broader banking industry is off about 4%.
Related: Three lessons investors can learn from Derek Jeter
Average salary is $355,000: For those who do have a Wall Street job, the securities industry still pays the best.
While the average salary of $355,000 hasn't grown much in the last three years, bonuses have, climbing 15% to $164,530. That's "the largest average bonus since the financial crisis," the report noted.
1 in 9 jobs in New York City: Wall Street is just as important to New York as ever. One in nine jobs in the city "are either directly or indirectly associated with the securities industry," according to the comptroller.

US-Based Subramanian Unlikely to be Chief Economic Advisor: ReportFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
New Delhi: US-based economist Arvind Subramanian is unlikely to become India's chief economic adviser after the Prime Minister questioned a request to appoint him, news agency Reuters reported today, citing an unnamed source.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley would soon send a new list of names to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and a final decision would be taken by the two men, said Reuters.
It's not clear if Mr Subramanian's name will be on the new list. The development economist worked closely with Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan when both were at the International Monetary Fund.
Mr Subramanian, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, was informally recommended to the post by the Finance Minister more than a month ago. Mr Jaitley was discharged yesterday from hospital after a long illness.
Traditionally, the chief economic adviser is responsible for producing the annual Economic Survey - a document on the state of economy that underpins the drafting of the budget - and a mid-year economic update that is presented to parliament.
Recently, Mr Subramanian criticised the Indian government's decision to derail a WTO deal struck last year to streamline trade procedures by tying it to a separate controversy over food subsidies.
He also criticised Mr Jaitley's maiden budget in July for being too optimistic in its revenue forecasts.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

China services sector growth weakens slightly in Sept: HSBCOct 08, 2014, 08.56 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
China services sector growth weakens slightly in Sept: HSBC
The services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
China services sector growth weakens slightly in Sept: HSBC
The services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
Post your opinion here
 
Growth in China's services sector weakened slightly in September as new business cooled, a private survey showed on Wednesday, reinforcing signs of a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy that could prompt more stimulus measures.
The services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
A reading above 50 in PMI surveys indicates an expansion in activity while one below that threshold points to a contraction.
A sub-index measuring new business fell to 53.2 in September from a 19-month high of 53.9 in August, but sub-indexes measuring employment and outstanding business both inched up, painting a mixed picture.
"Overall, the services sector held up in September, despite the downward pressure seen in the manufacturing sector. We think risks to growth in the near term are still on the downside, and warrant accommodative monetary as well as fiscal policies," said Qu Hongbin, chief China economist at HSBC.
An official survey released last week showed that the services sector grew at its slowest pace in eight months in September after new orders shrank for the first time since the 2008 global financial crisis, exposing more weakness in the world's second-largest economy.
The services sector made up 46.1 percent of gross domestic product in 2013, surpassing the secondary sector – manufacturing and construction – for the first time, as the government aims to create more jobs and boost domestic consumption.
DOWNSIDE RISKS
Last week, a pair of surveys showed China's manufacturing sector held up in September but remained subdued in a sign that the economy is still struggling to recover its growth momentum -despite recent policy support.
Steps unveiled since April included reserve requirement cuts for selected banks and faster investment in railways and public housing. But much of their broader impact may have been offset by a cooling property market and tighter credit as banks grow more cautious about lending as the economy cools.
In a bid to avert a deeper slide in the housing market, China's central bank and banking regulator relaxed lending rules for second-home buyers on Sept. 30 by giving them a 30 percent discount on mortgage rates and cutting their down payment levels to 30 percent from 60-70 percent.
"We think the easing lending condition is more impactful compared with unwinding of previous housing purchase restrictions. As such, we expect the systemic risk arising from property sector to be contained," OCBC said in a research note on Wednesday.
Other economists are not so sure. A glut of unsold and unoccupied homes and buyers' expectations of further price declines could temper any rebound.
The central bank said on Sunday it will use various monetary tools to maintain adequate liquidity and reasonable growth in credit and social financing.
Analysts expect more policy measures will be needed to help achieve the government's growth target of around 7.5 percent this year, although any dramatic stimulus looks unlikely as reform-minded top leaders have shown greater tolerance for slower growth.
The government is due to release September data on trade, bank lending, investment and factory output in the coming week or so, leading up to third-quarter GDP on Oct. 21.
"The upcoming September data release will likely show a tentative improvement in real economic activity, but unlikely be
strong enough to prevent full third-quarter growth from falling to 7.1 percent year on year, adding pressure on the government to further intensify policy support," Tao Wang, China economist at USB, said in a note.
The economy expanded by 7.5 percent in the second quarter on-year.
RELATED NEWS

Asian markets weak; Hang Seng  Nikkei downOct 08, 2014, 08.03 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Asian markets weak; Hang Seng, Nikkei down
Asian markets were trading lower on Wednesday. Nikkei plunged 1.4 percent and Straits Times declined 0.5 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Asian markets weak; Hang Seng, Nikkei down
Asian markets were trading lower on Wednesday. Nikkei plunged 1.4 percent and Straits Times declined 0.5 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Asian shares declined on Wednesday following a global rout overnight with focus on Shanghai as markets resumed trade following a week-long holiday.
Disappointing data from Germany, the euro zone's largest economy, hit sentiment overnight. The country reported a shocking 4 percent monthly drop in industrial production for August, the worst reading in over five years.
Furthermore, the International Monetary Fund downgraded its assessment of the global economy. It now expects growth of 3.8 percent next year, down from its July forecast of 4 percent due to weakness in Europe and emerging markets. The fund also said there's a 1-in-3 chance of the euro zone falling back into recession.
Those growth concerns saw Wall Street's three major indices drop more than 1.5 percent each with the S&P 500 hitting an eight-week low. European shares tumbled more than 1 percent each with Germany's Dax index closing at its lowest in nearly two months.
Taiwan's Taiwan Weighted fell 0.31 percent or 28.32 points at 9,012.49. Hong Kong's Hang Seng shed 0.76 percent or 178.95 points at 23,243.57.
Japan's Nikkei plunged 1.36 percent or 214.37 points at 15,569.46. Singapore's Straits Times declined 0.53 percent or 17.16 points at 3,226.83.
South Korea's Seoul Composite was flat at 1,972.28. China's Shanghai Composite was up 0.13 percent or 3.11 points at 2,366.98.
(with inputs from cnbc.com)

Yum Cuts Profit Outlook on China TroublesKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Caps recall Chandler Stephenson  send down Liam OBrienBy Alex Prewitt October 7 Follow @alex_prewitt
Chandler Stephenson, right, is headed back to Washington, but it’s only temporary  (John McDonnell/The Washington Post).
Bear with us here, because things are about to get complicated, and ultimately, 48 hours from now, exactly nothing will have changed.
First, let’s start with Tuesday afternoon, when Coach Barry Trotz began his media luncheon news conference by discussing the state of the roster, and whether they had any further moves to make before the 5 p.m. NHL deadline.
“There’s not really anything we need to do,” he said. “We’re going to probably have to manipulate something here just for a day or two in terms of salary cap stuff. I think we’re all fine.”
Next comes the matter of said manipulation. According to an individual with knowledge of the situation, forward Liam O’Brien, the surprise of training camp who just s igned his three-year, entry-level deal , has been demoted to Hershey for center Chandler Stephenson. The change has already been made on the team’s roster page .
Now, based on the praise heaped onto O’Brien this week, and Trotz’s insistence that the 20-year-old forward has “a good chance to be in the lineup,” the move is likely temporary. O’Brien will practice Wednesday in Hershey and Stephenson in Washington that same morning, the source said, but both are expected to switch back by Thursday, in time for the Capitals’ season-opener versus Montreal.
“He’s played well,” general manager Brian MacLellan said of O’Brien. “He’s earned a chance.”
Considered one of Washington’s top organizational prospects, Stephenson moved from the Western Hockey League’s Regina Pats to Hershey last season and is expected to contribute with the Bears.
An email request for clarification has been made to assistant general manager Don Fishman, Washington’s collective bargaining agreement guru, because anything that involves flip-flopping players over two days as a method of working around the salary cap must be rather convoluted. We’ll update whenever that’s provided.
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Lil Jon and Lena Dunham team up to take on what Madonna and Chuck D pioneeredBy Jessica Contrera October 7 Follow mjcontrera
Founded by a record executive, a campaign worker and a political strategist, Rock the Vote has been encouraging the youth to go to the polls since 1990. This year, the non-partisan youth engagement group’s PSA for midterm elections has a very 2014 take, in which…
1) We all get Lil Jon’s “Turn Down For What” stuck in our heads again. Except this time it’s “Turn Out For What,” allowing celebrities to name drop issues they care about.
2) The celebs are not a group likely to be seen in the same YouTube video for any other occasion: actors, a fitness trainer, a dancer, indie musicians, a model, a reality star and Whoopi Goldberg (her own category).
3) We get a glimpse into the minds of the Rock the Vote execs and what they think it takes to draw millennials to the polls: reproductive rights, prison reform and not to be taken lightly, marijuana legalization.
“Long before President Obama went on Behind Two Ferns to talk about the Affordable Care Act, Rock the Vote was pioneering the concept of using pop culture to drive interest in participation,” says Rock the Vote spokesperson Audrey Gelman.
The art of the “get out the vote” video is something Rock the Vote has had down since the beginning, when it first started making celebrity-laden TV commercials that aired on “Yo! MTV Raps.” Back then, the channel couldn’t get advertisers to buy air time on its first-ever hip hop show, so they gave the spots to Rock the Vote for free.
Luckily, the internet has saved these gems for nostalgic viewing pleasure — and for examination of what issues Rock the Vote once thought the kids would run to the polls for.
1990
In their inaugural video spot (also during a midterm election) Rock the Vote’s co-founder Jeff Ayeroff asked Madonna and music video director Paula Greif to get involved. He didn’t give directions and they came back with this: Madonna in a red swimsuit and some guys in jorts remixing “Vogue” to tell us “freedom of speech is as good as sex.”
1992
Robert Downey Jr. and Sarah Jessica Parker have been positioned in front of a cloth backdrop to motivate you to go to the polls over this important issue of their time:
“Our own government is trying to tell you what you should and shouldn’t pop into your tape deck!”
1996
“Power, real power” that’s what Chuck D of Public Enemy wants you to know you have.
2000
This PSA targets Latino voters, trying to motivate them to register to vote by mixing the conflict in Vietnam and music from Santana.
2008
This is around when Rock the Vote begins started packing more celebrities into each video for maximum impact. The idea: appeal to everyone.
2009
As the Affordable Care Act was working its way through Congress, Rock the Vote attempted to motivate 20-somethings to give a care about heath care. Who better than the stars of “Scrubs,” talking about their nipples?
2012
Or, the year that it didn’t matter what celebrities said, as long as there were celebrities. The first PSA is just a bunch of generic statements like “we will be brave” and “we will matter” without any mention of the issues. Then a follow up on Funny or Die , where instead the explanations turn to “Ryan Gosling” and “makes your  hands stronger for tweeting.”
And we’re back to 2014. As co-founder Ayeroff puts it,  “The way the message is delivered has changed, but the message has stayed the same.”  Go vote. In case one viewing wasn’t enough:
Jessica Contrera is a staff writer at the Washington Post.

Town of Cicero drops charges against fast food protestersCrime Activism Fast-Food Wage Protests
Illinois town drops charges against Fight for $15 protestors
The town of Cicero has dropped charges against the more than two dozen protesters participating in a nationally coordinated event demanding higher wages for fast food workers in September.
The protests were part of a national day of protest in the continuing fight to raise industry wages to $15 an hour. The protests mainly consisted of sit-ins on busy streets, which led to nearly 500 people being arrested or detained around the country.
Caption Chicago fast-food workers protest
Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune
Joe Sinoes joins about 300 protesters as they picket outside McDonald's and Burger King on 87th Street at the Dan Ryan Expressway.
Joe Sinoes joins about 300 protesters as they picket outside McDonald's and Burger King on 87th Street at the Dan Ryan Expressway. (Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Chicago fast-food workers protest
Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune
About 300 protesters picket outside McDonald's and Burger King on 87th Street at the Dan Ryan Expressway.
About 300 protesters picket outside McDonald's and Burger King on 87th Street at the Dan Ryan Expressway. (Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Chicago fast-food workers protest
Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune
About 300 protesters picket outside McDonald's and Burger King on 87th Street at the Dan Ryan Expressway.
About 300 protesters picket outside McDonald's and Burger King on 87th Street at the Dan Ryan Expressway. (Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Chicago fast-food workers protest
Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune
Protesters celebrate after taking to 87th Street at the Dan Ryan Expressway.
Protesters celebrate after taking to 87th Street at the Dan Ryan Expressway. (Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Chicago fast-food workers protest
Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune
Brian Stepney, 20, center foreground, joins other fast-food workers in blocking 87th Street at the Dan Ryan Expressway.
Brian Stepney, 20, center foreground, joins other fast-food workers in blocking 87th Street at the Dan Ryan Expressway. (Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune)
Photos: Chicago fast-food protests
Photos: Chicago fast-food protests
Chicago cited 19 people for their participation. They received a $110 fine, which was paid by the Workers Organizing Committee of Chicago, the group that organized the local protests.
Cicero charged protesters with reckless conduct for allegedly disrupting traffic and "placing themselves in harm's way," a misdemeanor.
Ray Hanania, a Cicero spokesman, said the town and its president felt that despite the disruption the protest caused, the protesters cooperated fully with police and therefore shouldn't be punished.
“Our priority was public safety and we feel we achieved that,” Hanania said.

Beyond Growth Hacking: How Progressive Management Philosophies Grew My Businessreddit
Excluding the very small percentage of companies that seem to get it right almost instantaneously in the growth department - think Google and Facebook - the rest of us have had to work at growing our businesses much harder and more strategically to grow sustainably. The most important lesson I've learned over the years is that a team's strength and success stems from progressive management philosophies that emphasize personal responsibility over a top-down hierarchy.  Whether it's unlimited paid leave, professional development budgets, cultivating personal brands or innumerable similar progressive policies that treat team members as responsible adults and send, ahem, traditional managers into paroxysms of anxiety.
At the core of progressive management philosophies is the culture of empowerment: a pervasive sense of autonomy over how a team completes its tasks, its ownership of outcomes and its ability to affect change within the organization. In other words, a culture of empowerment means everyone controls their own destiny. When everyone is empowered, team members are confident, outspoken, and passionate about their work, and they deliver amazing results. This empowerment builds slowly at the beginning, but by doing away with worry about managers and knowing leadership begins with the team, a company's power dynamic is fundamentally changed, and fear is replaced by a palpable, crackling energy to do big, seemingly impossible things.
Individual empowerment makes team members happy in a variety of ways. Aside from the added confidence in every aspect of their lives, there is a strong increase in productivity, quality of work and retention across the board. The team's happiness is infectious and will impact clients, from the "good vibes of spreading happiness" to the bottom line of higher quality of work.
While there are innumerable ways to cultivate empowerment, I believe these are the most important:
• Feedback. Ask for input on a regular basis, and provide feedback channels that are accessible, non-argumentative and genuine.
• Invest in your team. Encourage your team's participation in conferences, for them to give a guest lecture or have a professional come in to teach everyone how to market themselves on social media. By encouraging your team to work "out in the world," their pride, recognition and achievements are returned 10-fold when working with your clients.
• Accept that your team knows more about your work than you do. Have confidence in their decisions and knowing they are doing what is best for the company as a whole.
• Company perks. Offer incentives such as working from home and unlimited vacation days -- but make sure you're offering incentives they actually want and use. No matter the specifics of the benefits you offer, team members appreciate the gesture and feel more involved when they are deciding different factors about their work style that best suit their individual needs.
• Constantly exemplify, pursue and praise empowerment. Hold regular conversations about the value of empowerment and how it's maintained.
• Always hire people better and smarter than you. This requires a great deal of self-awareness and humility. If possible, make strategic hires of people that share the overall company culture, as well as similar interests to the rest of the team.
• Language is everything. Notice how I don't use the word "employee." This is deliberate, because your use of language reveals how you think about yourself, your work and the people around you. At best, employee is perceived as technical and stale; at worst, it's disempowering. (And never, ever refer to someone as a "resource"!) Employees are people and part of a team that you help lead. Everything you say or do should reinforce their importance and value.
Empowered team members can also be your best "sales tool." Confident, secure teams feel more responsible for the success of the company and are your greatest advocate in building relationships with your clients, as well as serving as your greatest proponent outside of the workplace, generating organic leads for the business. The majority of our business leads come from word-of-mouth based on the excellent work our employees produce, contacts they make at conferences or from the ideas they bring to our clients - such as their strategic concepts on how to better a project, which then leads to future work on the account.
Encourage your entire team - whether it's the leaders that naturally flock to the front or those that need a little push as they prefer to stand on the side lines - by talking to them, showing genuine interest in their ideas and perspectives, and letting them oversee their own path. You will be amazed at the enormous strides you'll make towards sustainable growth.
Follow Todd Ross Nienkerk on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ToddRoss
More:

Wonga ad banned for not showing loan costWonga TV ad banned for not showing cost of borrowing
By Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8a78e68-4e2f-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Trapped in a cycle of credit boomsWe are trapped in a cycle of credit booms
By Martin Wolf
The eurozone seems to be waiting for the Godot of global demand to float it off into debt sustainability
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1a9f058e-4d43-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AbRam  Nysa  Kiaan: What do these names meanBollywood Celebrity Couples Who Chose Unique Names For Their Kids
Bollywoodshaadis.com –  Tue 7 Oct, 2014 1:45 PM IST
Share 0
The trend of keeping unique and sometimes unusual baby names started off in Hollywood and very soon, this trend caught in India too. Our wonderful Bollywood celebs have also started moving away from the obvious names for their kids, and have started looking for inspirations at different cultures across the world. Let us take a look at a few such unique names of celebrity kids, and also tell you what they mean.
Shahrukh Khan and Gauri Khan
Gauri and Shahrukh have three lovely kids- Aryan, Suhana and AbRam. Aryan means a ‘warrior’ and Suhana means ‘charming’. Explaining the unique name of his third child, Shahrukh has been quoted saying, “His name is based on a variation of Prophet Abraham. And I liked the connotation that it is kind of a secular name (with the word ‘Ram’ in it).”
Also Read:  4 Parenting Lessons to Learn from Shahrukh Khan
Imran Khan and Avantika Malik
Young parents in Bollywood, Imran and Avantika, found a beautiful Swahili name of their daughter. Imara means ‘strong and resolute’. The couple has also added both their surnames to their daughter’s name, Imara Malik Khan.
Fashion Photo Gallery:  Bollywood Divas who Flaunted their Baby Bumps in Style
Shilpa Shetty and Raj Kundra
Shilpa and Raj wanted to give a symbolic name to their little bundle of joy. They named him Viaan, which means ‘full of life and energy’.
Recommended Read: Stunning Bollywood Divas who are Daddy's Little Girls
Aishwarya and Abhishek Bachchan
Power couple, Aishwarya and Abhishek, decided to stick to their Indian roots and chose a beautiful Sanskrit name for their daughter. Aaradhya means ‘to be worshipped’ or ‘someone who is worth worshipping’ in Sanskrit.
Hrithik Roshan and Sussanne Khan
Sussanne and Hrithik Roshan chose two unique Indian names for their boys. Hridhaan means a person with a ‘big heart’ whereas Hrehaan, which is a variation of the Arabic word Rehan, means ‘God’s chosen one’.
Recommended Read: Best Fashion Ideas to Dress Up Your Kid for the Wedding Season
Aamir Khan and Kiran Rao
Aamir and Kiran, who went the IVF-surrogacy way to have a child, named their son Azad Rao Khan. He has been named after Aamir’s great granduncle Maulana Azad, who was a famous freedom fighter. Azad, of course, means ‘free or liberated’.
Recommended Read: Bollywood Celebrities Who Did Not Conceive Naturally
Sanjay Dutt and Manyaata
Manyaata and Sanjay took inspiration from Persian and Hebrew to name their twins. Shahraan is derived from Shah (royal), and raan (knight), which means royal knight or warrior. And, his daughter Iqra’s name means ‘to educate’ in Hebrew.
Farah Khan and Shirish Kunder
Farah, who gave birth to triplets back in 2008, named her children- Anya, Diva and Czar. Anya means grace in Russian and infinite in Sanskrit; Diva, means divine in Latin and Czar, is the Latin word for an emperor.
Recommended Read: 5 Ways to Spice Up Your Marriage after Kids
Akshay Kumar and Twinkle Khanna
Akshay and Twinkle decided to opt for Indian names as well for their two wonderful children. Aarav means ‘in high regard of’ whereas Nitara means ‘having deep roots’.
Kajol and Ajay Devgan
Kajol and Ajay were inspired by Greece while naming their first born child Nysa. Nysa means a ‘new beginning’ or ‘ambition’. Their second child was named Yug, which means ‘an era’ in Hindi.
Both Akshay and Ajay are known to be the most doting gathers from Bollywood. Read: Parenting Lessons from 7 Inspiring Bollywood Dads
Madhuri Dixit and Sriram Nene
Madhuri and Sriram chose Irish names for their boys. Raayan means ‘gates of paradise/heaven’ in Arabic, and means ‘little prince’ in Sanskrit, and ‘graceful’ in Jewish. Aarin means 'mountain strength'.
Recommended Read: 4 Bollywood Celebs Who did not have Kids after Marriage
Raveena Tandon and Anil Thadani
First names of Raveena and Anil’s kids, begins with the letter R, just like their celebrity mother. Their daughter’s name is Rasha which means ‘the first drops of rain’. And, their son’s name is Ranbir which means ‘brave warrior’.
Don't Miss: 10 Bollywood Moms Who Can Inspire Any Woman
Farhan and Adhuna Akhtar
Farhan and Adhuna named their children Akira and Shakya. Akira is a Japanese name that means ‘bright and intelligent’; this is also the name of Farhan’s favourite director, Akira Kurusawa. Shakya means a ‘circle of energy’.
If you want to know how Farhan Akhtar met Adhuna, then  Read: How Love Happened at First Sight for These 8 Bollywood Couples
Arjun Rampal and Mehr Jessica
Arjun and Mehr’s daughters’ name have been inspired by Sanskrit and the Quran. Mahikaa, in Sanskrit means ‘earth’; and Myra, which is taken from the Quran, means ‘swift and light’.
Karisma Kapoor and Sunjay Kapur
Names of Karisma and Sunjay’s two children have a Latin origin. Samaira means ‘Goddess of Beauty’, the same name also means ‘enchanting’ in Arabic. Their son, Kian’s name means ‘grace of God’.
To see which B-Town Kids made it to our Style List, View: Most Stylish and Glamorous Celebrity Kids
Konkona Sen Sharma and Ranvir Shorey
Konkona and Ranvir were so inspired by Salman Rushdie’ book, “Haroun and the Sea of Stories” that they chose to keep their son’s name based on the same. His name, Haroon, means ‘hope’ in Sanskrit. It also stands for ‘protector or chief’ in Arabic.
Natasha and Fardeen Khan
Their daughter’s name is Diani Isabella. Diani is a Portuguese word that means ‘divinity’, and Isabella is Fardeen’s favourite name. The couple chose to give their daughter two names so that she can choose the name she likes the best in the future.
Recommended Read: Touching Private Proposal Moments of Bollywood Couples
Maria Goretti and Arshad Warsi
Maria and Arshad did not want to choose a name that would denote any religion. That is why; they gave their children alliterative names. Their son is called Zeke Zidaan, which means ‘shooting star’ in Aramic; and their daughter, Zene Zoe, which means ‘beautiful’ in an African language.
Emraan Hashmi and Parveen Shahani
Emraan and Parveen have chosen such a beautiful name for their first child, Ayaan. The name means ‘gift of God’ in Arabic. It also means ‘someone who is religiously inclined’.
Recommended Read: 6 Famous Bollywood Celebrities Who Dragged their Kids to Court
Malaika Arora Khan and Arbaaz Khan
Malaika and Arbaaz chose an Arabic name for their son, Arhaan. The name means ‘the ruler’, and is derived from Arabic language.
Amrita Arora and Shakeel Ladakh
Amrita and Shakeel chose two beautiful names for their children. Rayaan means a ‘door to paradise’ and Azaan means ‘powerful’.
Celina Jaitley and Peter Haag
Celina and Peter decided to go with an Indian name and a western name for their twin boys. One of them is named Viraaj, which means ‘king’ or the ‘sun’ in Sanskrit, whereas Winston means ‘joy stone’.

Maharashtra polls: In face of Modi  the big gun  Sena cousins declare ceasefireIn face of Modi, the big gun, Sena cousins declare ceasefire
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |       October 8, 2014 11:22 am
Comments
The tactical shift within Shiv Sena and MNS aims to send a message to the cadre that their political survival in the state may be under threat because of the likely high tide of a Modi wave. Source: PTI
Estranged Thackeray cousins, Uddhav and Raj, have set aside their mutual bitterness to present a united front against the Modi-inspired BJP in Maharashtra’s October 15 elections. The tactical shift within Shiv Sena and MNS aims to send a message to the cadre that their political survival in the state may be under threat because of the likely high tide of a Modi wave.
The BJP’s decision to go it alone in the state has forced Uddhav and Raj to redraw their poll plans but the leaders have stopped short of declaring an alliance.
Political analyst Suresh Jondhale told The Indian Express that there is no question of an alliance at this moment.
“But one cannot rule out a post-poll alliance where Sena and MNS will work together… today they are both attacking Modi to prepare a common agenda,” he said.
The Sena — which has high stakes in almost 120 seats across Mumbai, Thane, Nashik, Pune, Amravati, Akola, Buldhana, Aurangabad, Parbhani, Raigad and Sindhudurg-Ratnagiri — is afraid of BJP making a dent in these support areas. Similarly, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, which also draws its strength from Mumbai, Kalyan-Dombivali, Thane, Nashik and Pune, wants to safeguard its turf.
“We will give a befitting reply to those trying to undermine the state. And we have always welcomed anybody working for our people,” Uddhav told a rally last week.
Raj Thackeray told The Indian Express : “I will work with all those who are willing to safeguard the rights of Maharashtra and Mumbai.”
“MNS is not the real rival. Our main rival is Modi. If BJP spreads its tentacles across Maharashtra, it threatens the political dominance of Sena in the state,” said a senior Shiv Sena leader.
It is learnt that after the Sena-BJP split late last month, Uddhav took the initiative to call Raj. Political managers in Sena now warn that “Uddhav Thackeray’s campaign against Modi will further intensify”.
In 2009, Shiv Sena won 45 seats of 169 it had contested. The MNS won 13 seats. In Lok Sabha elections, all of MNS’s 10 candidates lost badly, with a mere 0.13 per cent of votes. This was a massive decline from 4.6 per cent votes it polled in 2009 assembly elections.
The primary concern for Raj Thackeray is to ensure that the tally of 13 MLAs is retained. And he reckons that Modi’s surge, if it works, would make the this goal hard to achieve. “I can clearly see Modi’s gameplan is to wipe out regional parties” continued…

Future Group accuses Flipkart of undercuttingFuture Group's Kishore Biyani, vendors accuse Flipkart of undercutting to destroy competition
Shambhavi Anand & Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 01.44PM IST
Tags:
Arvind Lifestyle Brands
(Online vendors alleged…)
MUMBAI | NEW DELHI: A day after Flipkart recorded its biggest single-day sale of $100 million, top online retailers came under fire from offline rival Future Group as well as vendors using online marketplaces for selling products at below cost price on the back of foreign funding.
While the country's largest listed retailer Future Group accused online marketplaces such as Flipkart of adopting anti-competitive strategy by selling products below cost price, merchants who sell through these online marketplaces alleged that these sites are causing vendors to bleed by compelling them to sell products at lower than their buying prices.
"How can someone sell products below its manufacturing price? This is legally not allowed in the country. Someone can do such undercutting only to destroy competition. Just because they have foreign funding, they can't kill local trade like that," said Kishore Biyani , founder of Future Group.
He said there will be a movement by brands and retailers that will criticise these online retailers.
Future Group on Tuesday took a potshot at Flipkart's Big Billion Day sale of Monday by releasing an advertisement saying no deal can win the trust of a billion people and one has to earn it. "You can't take the nation for granted even for a day," said the ad, adding that Future Group stocks enough for everyone to buy and gives genuine offers and sales.
Policy to Regulate Pricing
Online vendors alleged that Flipkart and other big e-retailers are enjoying venture capital and FDI funds and are compelling vendors to sell at big discounts. Vendors also have to bear expenses such as delivery, shipment and return, reducing their margins even further.
"Online portals are causing the vendors to bleed by selling products at prices which are lower than the buying prices of the vendor," said Rahul Suri, convenor at the Online Vendors Association of India .
The association plans to create a forum for online vendors and develop a clear online vendor policy to regulate pricing and avoid such price disparity.
Manoj Kumar, who sells electronic goods online, said, "Online stores with their unfair business practices are killing the normal business of a vendor.
A laptop which I buy at Rs 58,000 was being sold on one of these marketplaces at Rs 51,000. There is no way I can match that offer." Vendors said that for the Big Billion Day Sale Flipkart had asked them to give discounts of 50% or more.
Flipkart did not respond to ET's email queries on these allegations as of press time.
Future Group Formula
Flipkart's latest initiative is reminiscent of Big Bazaar , the country's largest supermarket, when it started the concept of huge discounting across product categories around public holidays eight years ago that sometimes led to some of its outlets downing their shutters temporarily as the crowd became uncontrollable.
Currently, Future Group is running a 12-day sale that took off on October 1. "While it's too early to gauge festive demand, early indications in terms of sales has been average and there hasn't been any major impact from online sales," Biyani said.
Won't Match Online Offers
Brick-and-mortar retailers said the online sales are not at the cost of their festival season demand, and most of them have no plans to match the online offers.
"We are currently running a festive period offer, where upon shopping for a minimum value, customers get assured gift vouchers redeemable on their subsequent purchase. We have also tied up with banks to offer additional incentives to card holders," said Kabir Lumba, managing director at Lifestyle International , which expects strong double-digit growth in the festive season.
Nirzar Jain, VP, mall at Oberoi Realty, said most brands will be sold at full price. "While there will be usual offers and deals, the period will be about selling latest merchandise," he said.
J Suresh, MD of Arvind Lifestyle Brands , said, "We don't see any impact in apparel as Diwali generally brings new buyers in the stores which online players aren't targeting so aggressively. Also, we have an advantage of newer collections which isn't discounted even online."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys Down; Citi Downgrades Ahead of ResultsYou are here: Home Market
Infosys Down; Citi Downgrades Ahead of Results
Reuters | Updated On: October 08, 2014 10:44 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Shares in Infosys fell nearly 3 per cent to Rs 3,712 on Wednesday. Citigroup downgrades Infosys to "neutral" from "buy."
It says Infosys shares trade at around 17 times its 1-year forward earnings after outperforming the market and adds "positives are adequately discounted."
Infosys will declare July-September quarter earnings on Friday.
The investment bank also cuts Tech Mahindra to "sell" from "neutral" and downgraded MindTree to "sell" from "buy".
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Best and worst from Nationals-Giants  NLDS Game 4Washington Nationals players expressed a mixture of pride and regret after their loss to the Giants on Tuesday, with some already looking forward to spring training. (Whitney Leaming/The Washington Post)
Best and worst moments from Washington’s season-ending 3-2 loss to the Giants in San Francisco.
Worst bottom line: For the second time in three years, the Nats had the best record in the National League and couldn’t get out of the first round of the playoffs. I don’t particularly care to read any big-picture narratives about why that happened just yet — and I really don’t care to read comparisons between the Nats and the Caps — but it’s a crushing result for what has been this city’s best team.
Worst middle of the lineup: There will be plenty of lamentations about what happened in this series, from the decision to pull Jordan Zimmermann in Game 2 to the Aaron Barrett implosion in Game 4 to the curious deployment of Ryan Zimmerman. But the death knell was likely this: Jayson Werth went 1 for 17, and Adam LaRoche finished 1 for 18. When your third and fourth hitters get two hits in 35 at-bats, you’re in trouble.
— Derail (@CainMcCoy) October 8, 2014
Worst NLCS: When the Nats lost in heart-breaking fashion in the 2012 playoffs, the NLCS no one wanted to watch featured the Cardinals and the Giants. After St. Louis finished off the Dodgers on Tuesday and the Giants got past the Nats, well, it’s happening again. Worst strikeout call: Home plate umpire Hunter Wendelstedt called Ian Desmond out on this check swing in the top of the ninth. Whether or not you think that was a swing — and you surely can’t decide based on a screengrab — that’s the first base umpire’s call to make, especially in a season-ending situation.
nope pic.twitter.com/Oukarm88ZE — Ape-O’-Lantern (@xmasape) October 8, 2014
Worst slop: Here’s where it gets ugly. The Giants got their runs the broken-down-shopping-cart way: on a bases-loaded walk and a bases-loaded wild pitch. The latter came courtesy Aaron Barrett, who had one of the worst seventh innings this earth has seen, walking Hunter Pence to load the bases before uncorking the game-losing wild pitch. Oh, and one more thing.
Best trick play: In one of the most bizarre plays any of us has ever seen, Barrett then air-mailed an intentional walk pitch to Pablo Sandoval, before miraculously tagging out Buster Posey at the plate after Wilson Ramos hustled to the backstop. This is the stuff of tee ball, not the MLB playoffs. Well, I guess there are no intentional walks in tee ball. This is the stuff of rec league slow-pitch softball. Like, the really awful kind, with no umpires and creeks running through left field. It worked, but it gave the game a glow of farce, of comic relief, of non-seriousness. That’s not how a season like this should have ended.
What. On. Earth. https://t.co/dQNLi612ua
— Kyle Weidie (@Truth_About_It) October 8, 2014
Nats with the baseball equivalent of a fumblerooski. — Ape-O’-Lantern (@xmasape) October 8, 2014
What an exciting Little League World Series!
— Spencer Ackerman (@attackerman) October 8, 2014
Best reversal: Say, Rafael Soriano got a pretty big out for the Nats after all that Barrett weirdness, needing only one pitch to end the inning. The eighth inning was terrifying — a runner at second base with one out — but no one scored then, either. Come to think of it, Soriano also did well for himself during the 18-inning marathon. Still, where were Tyler Clippard and Drew Storen through all of that? Which reminds me. Worst decision to put a rookie reliever in the most important situation of the season: Matt Williams. Look, Barrett’s been great. But this isn’t about choosing between excellence in Jordan Zimmermann and excellence in Drew Storen. This was choosing a rookie, in an incredibly tense situation, while Tyler Clippard, Storen and Stephen Strasburg sat around in the bullpen. The amazing thing about postseason baseball is that you play every good card in your hand, flinging your best players into the fray, one after another. That moment was made for one of the team’s very best pitchers. That’s not Barrett, not yet. Worst path to home: Buster Posey got thrown out at the plate twice in this series, both times within moments of the Giants coming back to tie the game or go ahead. Of course, the Giants ultimately won both those games. Best No. 6 hitter: Uh. Bryce Harper? I guess? Maybe. He got Washington on the board with an RBI double in the fifth after taking two tough pitches with a two-strike count. Then he hit his third home run of the series, taking Hunter Strickland way out of the stadium to tie the game in the seventh. The entire thing looked absurd, kids blasting Wiffle balls comically high up on some suburban rooftop. That also meant Washington’s final three runs of the season came off Harper’s bat, dating from Game 3.
Let’s go clubbing with Bryce. https://t.co/JiiAC7XMsz — Kyle Weidie (@Truth_About_It) October 8, 2014
. @BHarper3407 ’s 7 #postseason extra-base hits are the most by any player before the age of 22. Mickey Mantle, @MiguelCabrera each had 6.
— MLB Stat of the Day (@MLBStatoftheDay) October 8, 2014
Best celebration: Jayson Werth was happy to see Harper in the dugout. So he attempted to jiggle his innards whilst dancing a polka. It turned out to be the last happy moment of the season.
LETS GO NATIONALS! https://t.co/VHzxD3doPi — Jayson Werth Gnome (@JWerthGnome) October 8, 2014
Best censors: Quick work, Fox Sports 1 engineers. Quick, but extended, work. Man, what were the Nats saying in their dugout after that Harper homer? Musta been naughty.
Harper celebrating so hard FOX had to mute the broadcast. https://t.co/yhefXfbgHC
— Chris Mottram (@ChrisMottram) October 8, 2014
Best catch: Hunter Pence robbed Jayson Werth of extra bases at the wall in the sixth. This was the last batter Ryan Vogelsong would face.
Hunter Pence, wall. Wall, Hunter Pence. https://t.co/UEzZWS1dJv — SI MLB (@si_mlb) October 8, 2014
Best fan reaction: That made fans happy. Especially this fan. At least, I think he’s happy. (Via @cjzero )
Worst missed opportunity: In the fifth inning against a tiring starter, Washington had Bryce Harper on second with no outs. Wilson Ramos couldn’t move him over, and despite a two-out walk, Harper ended the inning still on second when Denard Span grounded out.
Best escape: The Giants had the bases loaded with one out in the fifth inning, already up by one. Then Tanner Roark and Jerry Blevins at least temporarily saved the season. Roark got Pablo Sandoval to pop up harmlessly on a 2-0 change-up. Blevins came in and struck out Brandon Belt. He retired the Giants in order in the next inning. After being a question mark for the postseason roster, Blevins pitched 3 1/3/ innings without allowing a walk or a hit.
Worst beginning: The Nationals were no-hit through four innings. By Ryan Vogelsong. Meaning Ryan Vogelsong did not allow any hits to the Nationals through four innings. No runs, either. No runs OR hits. Against Ryan Vogelsong. The last two times the Nats faced Vogelsong, they got 13 hits and nine runs in a bit more than 11 innings. This time, they finished with two hits and one run in 5 2/3 innings.
Ryan Vogelsong had a rough September. He was 0-4 5.53 in 5 starts and hasn’t pitched since 9/26
— Dave Jageler (@DaveJageler) October 8, 2014
Worst smoothly functioning infield machine: The Nats’ opted for wacky infield defense multiple times. In the fifth inning, Adam LaRoche threw home on a grounder with runners on first and third, but no one was running home. That loaded the bases. And in the second inning there was all sorts of weirdness. First a pop-up got seized by the wind, and so what seemed like Anthony Rendon’s ball suddenly wound up in LaRoche’s glove. Then a groundball up the middle bounced crazily past Gio Gonzalez. And then a bunt from the pitcher….well, that deserves its own entry. Worst bunting defense: Three times in this series, ordinary bunts became disasters. The Giants were sparked in Game 1 when Adam LaRoche went to second on a bunt but failed to record an out. The Nats won Game 3 after Madison Bumgarner threw the ball to San Jose on a Wilson Ramos bunt, scoring two runs. And the Giants got their first runs in Game 4 when Gio Gonzalez and Anthony Rendon couldn’t decide who was fielding a Ryan Vogelsong bunt in the second inning, and so no one did, loading the bases. San Francisco wound up with two runs. (That meant of the first 15 runs scored in this series, six involved misplayed bunts.)
(Via FS1)

Bookies predict a 110-115 seats for BJPBJP
(Only a late, very intense…)
MUMBAI: The city's bookies, who accurately predicted a single party majority for BJP in May's national polls, believe that star campaigner Narendra Modi's late campaign entry may cost BJP a single party majority (145 or more seats in a 288-member assembly) in Maharashtra.
Bookies are predicting a 110-115 seat range for BJP. That tally is far ahead of predictions for four other rivals. Congress, NCP , and Shiv Sena, bookies predict, will each win between 40 to 50 seats, while MNS will be a poor fifth with a prediction range of 15-20 seats.
But had Modi entered campaigning earlier, bookies say, BJP stood a good chance of a single party simple majority. Only a late, very intense burst of Modi-style campaign may just take BJP past the 145 mark now. But bookies consider that event unlikely.
The Prime Minister's campaign time is divided between Haryana and Maharashtra and he's to address 15 more rallies in Maharashtra before electioneering ends on October 13.
Votes for the October 15 elections will be counted on October 19 and Mumbai's bookies reckon Shiv Sena is BJP's likeliest post-poll ally, despite a bitter pre-poll parting.
However, should BJP's tally come close to the 145 mark, the party may court Independents, bookies say.
Shiv Sena to be the Likeliest Ally of BJP After Election
Mumbai's bookies reckon Shiv Sena is the BJP's likeliest post-election ally, despite a bitter pre-poll parting. However, should BJP's tally come close to the 145 mark, the party may court Independents, bookies say. Interestingly, bookies are complaining about political workers putting pressure on them to provide predictions that seem to favour particular parties.
After their accurate predictions for the national polls, Mumbai bookies have acquired extra credibility. Most pollsters had given the BJP less than a simple majority in general elections.
The Congress and Nationalist Congress Party, although fighting separately, will be hit by anti-incumbency and also suffer because of the split in minority votes, according to bookies. They also see no role for either party in government formation, post-polls. And Shiv Sena's going alone won't give it a bigger bargaining chip, bookies add.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Samsung  Apple to spend Rs 200 crore on promoSamsung, Apple jostle for advertising space; duo to spend Rs 200 crore on promotions
ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 07.14AM IST
(According to trade partners…)
KOLKATA | MUMBAI: The stakes couldn't be higher for Apple and Samsung this Diwali as they unleash their newest devices — the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will be ranged against the Galaxy Alpha and Note 4.
Both companies will hurl almost everything they have in their advertising budget into a short, sharp burst of promotions as they seek to influence buyers seen to be emerging from slump-induced austerity — car sales for instance have picked up in the last five months. Diwali falls on October 23.
As much as Rs 200 crore will be pumped into ads for the four products. According to trade partners and media planners, Samsung has lined up around Rs 100-120 crore on a big-bang launch of the two devices.
Q3 Earnings to Plunge 60%: Samsung
Apple is going to spend around a70-80 crore along with its two telecom partners, Reliance and Airtel. Experts say this is among the highest amounts spent on new launches in India fs consumer goods industry. The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch screen, the same as the Galaxy Alpha, while the 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch display compared with the Note 4 fs 5.7-inch size.
The South Korean company has booked front-page jackets in all leading newspapers and primetime spots on television channels well in advance, forcing Apple to focus more on digital media and below-the-line activities such as in-store branding and product demonstrations that will be extended even to some small, neighbourhood stores.
Apple's media agency and company officials are also negotiating for prime space in leading newspapers. gSamsung has progressively increased their booking of advertisement spots during Diwali and they have indeed picked up huge ad inventory, h said a senior sales executive at a leading broadcaster with multiple television channels across genres.
To be sure, Samsung needs to push products harder to gain an edge over Apple because of the US company fs skill at creating a media splash and generating public interest in its products. Meanwhile, Samsung also needs to counter the slowing demand for high-end phones, given the perception that newer devices in the high-price band only offer incremental advances. That trend has been bolstered by Chinese companies such as Xiaomi offering phones with advanced features at lower price tags. Such phones also include those made by Motorola and Micromax besides the recently launched Android One handsets.
In fact, parent Samsung Electronics warned on Tuesday that its thirdquarter earnings would plunge 60% from the year before because of competition from Chinese rivals, Bloomberg reported.
"It appears that Samsung has been cutting prices to maintain market share but has lost market share anyway," analyst Richard Windsor told Bloomberg. "If market share continues to fall... Samsung will come closer to joining the long-suffering ranks of every other Android handset maker."
Samsung will also be keen to avoid the fate of Nokia, once the world's leading cellphone maker, which was unable to cope with competition as iPhones and devices made by the South Korean company gained popularity. In 2013, Apple spent $1.29 billion (or 0.6% of sales) globally on marketing campaigns compared with Samsung's $14 billion (5.4% of sales), although this includes spending for the latter's vast range of electronics goods such as televisions and appliances.
At the premium end, Samsung's last major release, the Galaxy S5, failed to generate high demand. According to the latest figures from market tracker IDC, Samsung's share of the Indian smartphone market dipped from 31% in the second quarter last year to 29% in the same period this year. As per estimates, Apple is the market leader in the Rs 30,000-plus smartphone segment in India, controlling almost half the market followed by Samsung with around 25% share.
"In the premium segment, Samsung is facing intense competition as most of the international device vendors have aggressively revised their pricing strategies," said Karan Thakkar, senior market analyst, client devices, at IDC. "On the other hand, in the affordable segment, most of the international brands are challenged by Indian and Chinese vendors, who attach a value-formoney proposition. The latest price reduction by Samsung for most of its products is one step to retain the leadership position."
A senior executive with a leading retail chain said Samsung would price the Alpha and Note 4 cheaper than Apple's two new devices to get the attention of consumers.
"Since Monday, after Apple announced the India launch of the new iPhones, the Samsung sales force has been meeting all trade partners to boost confidence in the two new models. In the same way it wants to bombard consumers with far more communication than Apple for topof-the-mind recall," he said. Samsung and Apple will be deploying the bulk of their ad budget for the year in a short period, a reflection of how critically both sides regard Diwali sales.

Cyclical Stocks Gain after IMF Raises FY15 GDP EstimatesYou are here: Home Economy
Cyclical Stocks Gain after IMF Raises FY15 GDP Estimates
Reuters | Updated On: October 08, 2014 11:32 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Indian domestic cyclical stocks gained on Wednesday. IMF increased India's GDP growth estimate for FY15 to 5.6 per cent from 5.4 per cent, while cutting its global growth forecast.
The revised forecast by IMF gives more confidence about the much talked-about cyclical recovery in the domestic economy - Investors.
State Bank of India gained 1.2 per cent, while Larsen & Toubro rose 1.8 per cent.
Auto maker Mahindra & Mahindra advanced 1 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Bill Gates praises Narendra Modi s toilet campaignBill Gates praises Narendra Modi's toilet campaign
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 12:12 IST
Microsoft Co-Founder Bill Gates
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates is all praise for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's emphasis on building more toilets in the country.
Gates on Monday posted on his blog that "this is not the kind of issue that most politicians like to talk about. But I would guess that in the short time he has been in office, Prime Minister Modi has done more to raise the awareness of the need for toilets than any other leader since the country gained independence".
On Tuesday, Gates again appreciated Modi's efforts to bring sanitation into focus. "Narendra Modi has India talking about toilets and that's a great thing," Gates said in a tweet which was retweeted by Modi.
Gates further blogged, "It may seem surprising when you think about all the innovation coming out of India, but 630 million people there defecate in the open because they don't have access to a commode. Worldwide, the number is 2.5 billion people."
Gates wrote about his meeting with Modi in New Delhi last month, when he and his wife Melinda focussed on toilets, vaccines, bank accounts and health clinics in their more-than-an-hour long discussions.
"Creating good sanitation options for people-a safe place to poop-is a big focus of our foundation. So, when Melinda and I met the Prime Minister in New Delhi last month, toilets were high on the agenda, along with vaccines, bank accounts, and health clinics.
We came away impressed by his commitment to fighting poverty and improving health for India's poorest people." Gates added,
"This is an exciting time, not just for India, but for everyone who cares about giving the poorest people a chance to lead healthy, productive lives. With all the attention and innovation going on in these areas from health to financial services, we have a fantastic opportunity to make an impact. Its inspiring to see India moving to the forefront of these efforts."
Gates said that Modi has "pledged to cut through red tape, stamp out corruption, revive the economy and restore pride." But "he has also been quite outspoken on a subject you hear much less about: open defecation," the US billionaire further stated.

Vodafone  Idea roll out plans for festive seasonTelecom companies like Vodafone, Idea, Tata Tele roll out cheaper plans for festive season
Deepali Gupta, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 02.46AM IST
Tags:
cheaper plans
(Sistema Shyam, which operates…)
MUMBAI: Reliance Communications , Tata Teleservices, MTS, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular are rolling out cheap data plans and freebies, hoping to add more new customers this festival season.
Anil Ambani-headed RCom is offering double data limit on some 3G recharges, unlimited use of Facebook, Whatsapp and Twitter, free talk-time equivalent of a 2G data recharge, and double talk-time on some voice recharges.
Sistema Shyam, which operates under the MTS brand, and Tata Teleservices are offering a discount on dongles if customers opt for a post-paid plan.
Vodafone India, which is trying to make a mark in the Karnataka circle, is offering a free dongle (data card) with a two-month subscription on a post-paid data plan with a Rs 650 monthly rental.
Idea Cellular is offering 16GB data and a subscription of Idea TV free for four months to customers who pick a smartphone from the over 20 handsets the company is selling.
"Conversation with consumers has been flipped over and now voice is the add-on service, not data, as was the position last year," said Kamlesh Bhatia, research director, Gartner.
Analysts say that making data central to the plans compels consumers to use it as it is the primary service for which the plan has been purchased. These offers are part of telecom operators' strategy to increase the contribution from data to their overall revenue. Compared with voice, data is a higher revenue margin business and is expected to lead telecom operators' growth through 3G and 4G.
Among telcos, it is the smaller operators who are more aggressive with discounts, as they aim capture new consumers and make a shift in consumer profile compared with incumbents.
"If you see, in voice generally there is no decrease in price, but they (operators) are still willing to do the price war on data. Top players are not willing to give so much discount," said Romal Shetty, national head of telecom at KPMG India .
Bundling offers is a way to increase loyalty of customers the world over. However in India, after CDMA operators burnt their fingers on it in the 2003-2005 period, the concept never really picked up.
However, a senior executive at one of the top operators said it is no longer sufficient to sell data, as it is the utility that must get discovered.
"The search is on for the next big use case for rural India," he said, adding that in these areas, people say entertainment is available on TV, music on radio and news on both.
Social networking is not as well penetrated, or the immediate need for it perceived.Bhatia of Gartner said instant messaging is the tool that will net in more users.
"Even SMBs (small and medium businesses) are starting to use it as a collaborative tool. There is social networking, but instant messaging is the app of the future."
Shetty observed that even though the festive season tends to attract highest revenue for operators, the actual voice calling is not as significantly impacted. It is the higher proportion of SMS and other services that drives consumption.
This year, with the furore around online retail offers, even that will be a driver for data consumption during the season, he added. Online retailer Flipkart said it sold Rs 600 crore of products in Monday's flash sale, and that mobile devices accounted for a sizeable portion of sales.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fertiliser Stocks Gain; Government Likely to Announce NIP TodayYou are here: Home Market
Fertiliser Stocks Gain; Government Likely to Announce NIP Today
NDTV | Updated On: October 08, 2014 12:06 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Shares of fertiliser companies gained on Wednesday. Sources told NDTV that the government is likely to notify the new investment policy (NIP) in the urea sector today.
Fertilizers and Chemicals Travancore gained 7 per cent, Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers was up 3.4 per cent while Chambal Fertilizers traded with over 2 per cent gains.
The NIP has already got approval from Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs' on August 8, 2014.
The government aims to attract investment in the urea sector for addition of production capacities through revamp and expansion of existing units. The government has shortlisted 10 private companies to expand capacities. These companies have to start the production within 3 years.
Currently the total urea requirement in India is around 33 million tonnes, out of which around 22 million tonnes is produced locally and the rest is imported. In order to reduce the import of urea, the government is planning to increase its production in India.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 12:01 (IST)

Oil Companies Surge After Brent falls to 27-month LowShares of oil companies surged on Wednesday after Brent falls to 27-month low on global growth, oil glut concerns.
Refiners benefit from lower oil because of higher margins, while explorers benefit from reduced subsidy burdens.
Hindustan Petroleum Corp surged 4.4 per cent, Indian Oil Corp rose 3.7 per cent while Bharat Petroleum Corp was up 3.6 per cent.
Oil and Natural Gas Corp gained 1.7 per cent, while Oil India was up 0.3 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Chicago lawmakers get tough on spoofingChicago prosecutor gets tough on ‘spoofing’
By Gregory Meyer and Kara Scannell in New York and Neil Munshi in Chicago
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/922cddec-4e92-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tech Mahindra  Infosys Sink as IT Stocks FallYou are here: Home Market
Tech Mahindra, Infosys Sink as IT Stocks Fall
NDTV | Updated On: October 08, 2014 15:44 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
The IT sub-index on the Bombay Stock Exchange fell as much as 4 per cent on Wednesday amid profit taking and on the back of relative strength in the rupee, which has stayed in a broad range despite a global rally in the US dollar.
Over the last one month, the BSE IT index has been flat as compared to a 4 per cent drop in the broader Sensex. The outperformance over three-month period is even more striking. The BSE IT benchmark is up 12 per cent since July 9 as compared to a 3 per cent gain in the Sensex.
The weakness in IT stocks come at a time when Infosys, India's third largest company, is scheduled to report its September quarter earnings on Friday.
A downgrade by global brokerage Citigroup also impacted several frontline stocks. Tech Mahindra was the top Nifty loser, down over 5 per cent, as Citi cut the stock to "sell" from "neutral" with a target of Rs 2,375. Citi estimates Tech Mahindra to report an ebitda growth of 5 per cent in fiscal year 2014-15. "It is difficult to justify the premium to HCL Tech," Citi added.
Infosys fell around 5 per cent as Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "buy." Citi says Infosys trades at around 17 times its 1-year forward earnings after rising by 15 per cent in the last three months. It added that "positives are adequately discounted."
The brokerage says Infosys faces the risk of volatility in earnings. The company will report its September quarter earnings on Friday. Citi has a target of Rs 4,065 on the stock.
The brokerage also downgraded MindTree to "sell" from "buy", leading to a 4 per cent drop in the midcap stock.
Citi said HCL Tech and Wipro are its top bets in the IT sector. Tech Mahindra ended 4.74 per cent lower at Rs 2,395, while Infosys closed 4.73 per cent down at Rs 3,650. Wipro closed 4.45 per cent lower at Rs 591, while HCL Tech shares ended down 3.48 per cent at Rs 1,669.
TCS, India's biggest outsourcer, also ended 1.59 per cent lower at Rs 2,688, underperforming the broader Sensex which fell 0.10 per cent.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 15:44 (IST)

PM Modi promises to transform  scam Haryana into skill HaryanaOct 08, 2014 at 01:25pm IST
PM Modi promises to transform 'scam Haryana into skill Haryana'
6
0
Mahendergarh: Promising to transform "scam Haryana to skill Haryana", Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday asked the people of the state to elect a Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government with clear majority with an aim to strengthen the state's ties with Delhi to transform its fortunes.
Stressing on the importance of Centre-State ties and 'Team India where the PM stood as a team with CMs, the Prime Minister said till now the Centre and the state stood next to each other but were not close enough and he wanted the two to stand with each other to create a force to reckon with.
"Till now, 1 plus 1 was two as the state stood next to the Centre. I want to change this mathematics so that 1 plus 1 becomes 11. I want to create that strength. This will help India become 11 times powerful and it would not take any time to change the fortunes of the country," he said.
Stressing on the importance of Centre-State ties, the PM said till now the Centre and the state stood next to each other but were not close enough.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #narendra modi #haryana #battle for the states
Calling Haryana the state of scams, he said, "I know that you are sad that Haryana is know as a state of scams. There are scams and then scams within scams. Our opponents are all involved in scams. Do you want a scam Haryana? I want to create a skill Haryana. You have to decided if you want a scam Haryana or a skill Haryana."
Asking people to elect a BJP government that could lead the state on the path of speedy development, Modi lamented that in the last 25 years Haryana has not developed due to dynastic politics.
"If dynastic politics continues, would your fortunes change? If Haryana has to live with dignity, we need it to be freed from dynastic politics. For the last 25 years, four-five families have controlled Haryana and the common man's life has become difficult,' he said.
He also said that it us up to the people if they want Haryana free from corruption. "Do you want to see Haryana freed from bahubalis (musclemen) and the corrupt? Then you will have to choose a new path. The only way left now is to elect a BJP government with full majority," Modi said.
1

Mulayam Singh Yadav re-elected as SP chiefComments
Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav was on Wednesday elected as the party national president for the ninth consecutive term on the opening day of its national convention.
Mulayam has been elected as the national president for ninth term unanimously, party's national general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav said.
Mulayam would remain the party president for the next three years, he said.

Govt open to extending export subsidy to UP sugar mills: Ram Vilas PaswanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

In Haryana  Narendra Modi calls for a  four-coloured  revolution to take country forwardE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

In pics: Indian Air Forces glory dayComments
The Indian Air Force (IAF) was officially established on October 8, 1932. Leaving in its wake a history of glory, the air warriors celebrated their 82nd anniversary on Wednesday at the Hindon air base in New Delhi.
The flypast comprised aircrafts like the MIG-21, MIG-29, Sukhoi-30 MKI, Globemaster, Hercules and Mirage 2000 which performed various daring maneuvers like dolphin, cross over, lower, closer and double crisscross mid-air, enthralling the audience.
"The IAF plays a major role in not only combating external and internal threats but also contributes immensely in aid to civil authorities. We remain deeply committed to our important nation building responsibilities," said IAF chief Arup Raha.
The ceremony also played host to retired cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, the first sportsperson to be conferred the honourary rank of Group Captain, along with his wife Anjali Tendulkar.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi also paid tribute to the force. "On Air Force Day, I salute our air force personnel. They are our pride and their bravery, commitment and dedication continues to inspire," he said in an official statement on the 82nd Air Force Day.
This is what today's ceremony looked like:
People watch as Indian Air Force's C-17 Globemaster III with Sukhoi Su-30MKI fly during the Air Force Day at air force station, Hindon near New Delhi on Wednesday. (AP Photo)
Sarang helicopters perform during the 82nd Air Force Day ceremony at Hindon on Wednesday. (AP Photo)
An eagle flies close to the Indian Air Force (IAF) Sarang helicopters as they perform during the Air Force Day at Hindon near New Delhi on Wednesday. (AP Photo)
IAF's C-17 Globemaster III with Sukhoi Su-30MKI fly in formation, displaying aerial demonstration at Hindon on Wednesday. (AP Photo)
IAF personnel march during the Air Force Day parade at the air force station in Hindon on Wednesday. (AP Photo)
IAF helicopters give the guard of honour to IAF chief Arup Raha at Hindon on Wednesday. (HT Photo)
Former Indian cricketer and honorary Indian Air Force Group Captain Sachin Tendulkar, with wife Anjali Tendulkar salutes as IAF personnel march during the Air Force Day parade at Hindon on Wednesday. (AP Photo)
IAF chief Arup Raha honours Sergeant Sudhakar Yadav's wife. He was killed in Uttarakhand chopper crash during 2013 rescue operations. (HT Photo)
The IAF Air Warrior drill team displays rifle handling skills the air force station in Hindon on Wednesday. (AP Photo)
Visitors take pictures in front of the IAF C-130J aircraft at Hindon on Wednesday. (AP Photo)
True to what they claim, IAF continues to touch the sky with glory.
(With inputs from Saurabh Trivedi)

KEC International stock ends 2% up on receiving Rs1029 crore orderThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Examining Williamss bullpen usageBy Adam Kilgore October 8 Follow @adamkilgorewp
(Photo by Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post)
With one out in the ninth Tuesday night, Ian Desmond tried to check his swing on Santiago Casilla’s two-strike breaking ball in the dirt. Home plate umpire Hunter Wendelstedt called Desmond out without an appeal. It appeared Desmond had held back, and in the batter’s box he fumed.
“As I was turning around to talk to Hunter, I think I took my helmet off, and the first thing that came to my head was, ‘Don’t get thrown from this game because we’re going to tie it up and they’re going to need me,’ ” Desmond said. “It’s a testament in a moment like that that popped into your head. You can’t fake that. I believe in this team. We believed in each other all year long. It’s a hell of a fight. We came up short.”
The Nationals’ comeback never came . But two runs may have been good enough, at least for extra innings, if not for the Giants’ rally in the seventh inning, which happened with the middle of the Nationals’ bullpen on the mound.  The seventh-inning became a conflagration as Manager Matt Williams stuck to his script.
Start with the bottom line, not even considering game situations and typical routine and the magnitude of the moment. In the game that ended the Nationals’ season, Williams used five relievers:
Tanner Roark, a fifth starter who won his job in spring training, had excellent season and was pushed to the bullpen by the Nationals’ star-studded rotation; Jerry Blevins, a specialist who emerged an ace against lefties and a dominant force in the season’s final weeks; Matt Thornton, an experienced lefty who excelled after the Nationals added him in August on a waiver claim; Aaron Barrett, a rookie who thrived all season against right-handers and spent August in Class AAA; and Rafael Soriano, a closer for four and a half months who was demoted from his role after a horrendous second half.
Williams left three rendered three pitchers as spectators:
Tyler Clippard, the most consistent setup man in baseball over the previous five years; Drew Storen, the leader in bullpen ERA this season; and Stephen Strasburg, the team’s anointed ace who, by all pregame indications, was available to pitch in any relief role.
Roark and Blevins were successful, and they were the plain choices. Because Gio Gonzalez exited for a pinch hitter, the Nationals needed a long reliever. That’s why Roark is on the roster, and throughout the season he was clearly one of Nationals’ best pitchers.
Blevins got the Nationals’ out of a bases-loaded jam by striking out Brandon Crawford – Williams employed him at just the right time. Blevins even got the Nationals through the sixth, a bonus that, if anything, should have allowed Williams more flexibility late in game.
In the seventh, Williams proved in inflexible. He arrived at his bullpen usage because he stuck with orthodoxy in a moment that demanded urgency. He never considered using Clippard and Storen earlier than usual because he wanted to save them for the eighth and ninth, like he would have in any game in the summer.
“Because those are our seventh-inning guys,” Williams said. “That’s how we set this up. We had two lefties at the top of the inning, and if we got to the righties, we were going to Barrett. That’s what he’s done for us all year long. We’re certainly not going to use our closer in the seventh inning.”
Even within his typical usage, Williams made curious choices. He started the inning with Thornton to face lefties Gregor Blanco and Joe Panik. After Panik singled with one out, Buster Posey came to the plate.
This season, Barrett held right-handed hitters to a .192 average and a .529 OPS. They hit just one home run against him in 112 plate appearances. He had faced Posey twice in the regular season, and Posey went 0 for 2. The pitch Posey fares worst against, according to Pitch FX data, is the slider. That’s Barrett’s calling card.
Williams stuck with Thornton, who had allowed right-handed hitters a .236 average and a .634 OPS. He had faced Posey once in his career and walked him.
Posey roped a single into center to put two runners on base. With one out, Williams called on Barrett to face Pence. He could have tried to coax the game’s final eight outs with Clippard and Storen, right then and there. He could have simply used them for an inning a piece with the knowledge that Strasburg could handle the ninth and several extra innings if the score remained tied.
Instead, Williams put the Nationals’ season hands in the hands of Barrett. He walked Pence on six pitches.
“I thought I made some pretty good pitches, battled back 3-2, and I guess tried to do a little too much there on a 3-2 pitch and ended up walking him,” Barrett said. “I was trying to slow myself down as much as possible. It was a great atmosphere, obviously. I was trying to do a little too much. I didn’t want to walk him there. I was trying to challenge him, but it happened.”
The bases had been loaded, but the score remained tied. The Nationals needed a double play to escape – Williams could have even gone to Craig Stammen, a sinker specialist who mowed through the Giants for three innings in Game 2. But no one was warming. The inning belonged to Barrett.
That remained true even as Pablo Sandoval, a switch hitter, walked to the plate. This season, Barrett allowed lefties to hit .275 with a .750 OPS. As a left-handed batter this season, Sandoval hit .317 with an .824 OPS. In the biggest game of the season, in a tie game with the bases loaded in the seventh inning, the Nationals had that matchup.
Sandoval never had a chance to do damage. Barrett spiked a fastball that bounced past Wilson Ramos, and the go-ahead run crossed. Barrett sailed an intentional ball past Ramos as he tried to finish the at-bat against Sandoval.
The ensuing review gave Soriano enough time to warm up, and Barrett’s night ended after he walked both batters he faced. Williams had used all his lefties, and so he brought in Soriano – who had held lefties to a .218 average with a .614 OPS this season – to face Brandon Belt. Soriano retired Belt on one pitch.
Soriano’s success against left-handers begs the question: Even if you’re intent on saving Clippard and Storen, why not just have him face Sandoval?
“Aaron’s been doing that job for us all year long,” Williams said. “He’s a strikeout guy. He’s got the ability to strike that guy out. Unfortunately, it was a wild pitch. That happens. But he’s been our guy that we’ve gone to in the middle of orders with every team that we’ve played all year to get a big strikeout or get a big out.”
Barrett had a great year, and the Nationals used him in big spots from opening day, when he pitched a scoreless ninth in a tie game. But the reason Barrett received those spots during the year was because in the flow of the regular season, bullpen roles are meaningful and using your best relievers in the highest leverage spots every day would tax them to the point of ineffectiveness. In an elimination game, those concerns fly out the window.
The Nationals did not lose the series solely on Williams’s bullpen strategy. Far from it. They lost the series because their bats disappeared. The Nationals hit .164/.222/.258. Bryce Harper delivered four of their extra-base hits. Anthony Rendon swatted seven of their 26 hits. The middle of their lineup no-showed – Adam LaRoche and Jayson Werth combined to go 2 for 35 with four walks and no-extra base hits.
“I wish we could have a re-do on this whole series,” LaRoche said. “I feel like we didn’t see the team during the last few days that we had for six months. Just didn’t click. We had stretches during the year where we’d go through this. Lose a few games but we’d find a way to pick it right back up. In a five-game series, you don’t have time to do that.”
The playoffs, indeed, are not like the regular season. It requires drastic measures. It requires different strategy than the convention that fuels a team for 162 games. It requires a different approach than what Williams used in Game 4.
FROM THE POST

2 Americans  1 German win Chemistry Nobel2 Americans, 1 German win Chemistry Nobel
Reuters
Reuters A screen showing the names and pictures of the laureates of the 2014 Nobel Prize for Chemistry, is pictured at the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in Stockholm October 8, 2014.
Stockholm, Oct 8:  
American scientists Eric Betzig and William Moerner and Germany's Stefan Hell won the 2014 Nobel Prize for chemistry for the development of super-resolved fluorescence microscopy, the award-giving body said on Wednesday.
The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences awarding the 8 million crown ($1.1 million) prize said the three scientists' research had made it possible to study molecular processes in real time.
"Due to their achievements the optical microscope can now peer into the nanoworld," the academy said in a statement.
Betzig works at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Ashburn, United States, while Moerner is professor at Stanford University. Hell is Director of the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry in Germany.
Chemistry was the third of this year's Nobel prizes. The prize is named after dynamite inventor Alfred Nobel and has been awarded since 1901 for achievements in science, literature and peace in accordance with his will.
The chemistry prize has often lived in the shadow of physics and its star scientists such as Albert Einstein, though it was the field that was arguably closest to the heart of Nobel's own work developing dynamite and other explosives.
As winners of the chemistry prize, the laureates enter an exclusive club of researchers such as nuclear pioneer Ernest Rutherford and Linus Pauling, the only person to win two Nobels on his own - for chemistry in 1954 and peace in 1962.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Sensex closes flat; healthcare stocks plungeOct 08, 2014 at  04:31pm IST
Sensex closes flat; healthcare stocks plunge
1
0
Mumbai: A day after it fell around 300 points on negative global cues, a benchmark index of Indian equities markets provisionally closed on Wednesday's trade flat down 25.18 points or 0.10 per cent as healthcare, information technology (IT) and technology, entertainment and media (TECK) stocks fell.
However, healthy buying was observed in capital goods, bank and oil and gas companies scrip.
The 30-scrip Sensitive Index (Sensex) of the S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), which opened at 26,229.67 points, closed trade at 26,246.79 points (provisionally), down 25.18 points or 0.10 per cent from close at 26,271.97 points.
A benchmark index of Indian equities markets provisionally closed on Wednesday's trade flat down 25.18 points or 0.10 per cent as healthcare, information technology (IT) and technology, entertainment and media (TECK) stocks fell.
#sensex #rupee #nifty #business
The Sensex touched a high of 26,338.31 points and a low of 26,150.09 points in the intra-trade.
The S&P BSE healthcare index was down 459.37 points, followed by IT index which was lower by 372.14 points and TECK index lost 168.74 points.
However, capital goods index was up 224.49 points, bank index gained 189.76 points and oil and gas index was higher by 177.65 points.
The wider 50-scrip Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also closed trade marginally in the red. It was down 9.70 points or 0.12 per cent at 7,842.70 points.
0

New listing  de-listing regulations next month: SebiSebi to come out with new listing, de-listing regulations next month
Suvashree Dey Choudhury     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 17:31 IST
Photo: Reuters
The capital markets regulator Sebi on Wednesday said it will come out with new listing and delisting guidelines next month, revamping the existing listing agreements, and made it clear that corporates would have to adhere to it.
"We are moving away from the existing listing agreement to listing regulations. The listing agreement is an agreement with companies and exchanges. Now, it will have a force of regulations, there will be a hierarchy of regulations and will have higher force, then an agreement," Sebi chairman UK Sinha told reporters on the sidelines of a capital markets summit organised by the industry lobby Ficci in Mumbai.
Sinha also said the Sebi is close to finalising new delisting guidelines and will release them next month.
"The whole idea is to tell corporate India that we are now more serious about these regulations being followed," he said.
But the regulator did not elaborate on the punitive measures.
Sebi had earlier this year released a discussion paper on revamping the delisting agreements and to come out with listing/de-listing regulations, and had sought feedback on its proposals from various stakeholders.
"We are finalising new delisting guidelines as there are no trading in some stocks and promoters are finding difficult to delist the shares. We will announce guidelines under which delisting can happen in a fair way with investors' protection," he said.
Sinha also pointed out that the committee on review of insider-trading norms has submitted its report. The regulator is examining these recommendations before coming out with new norms in the current financial year itself.
Commenting on disclosure norms, Sinha said, Sebi has mandated exchanges that they have to inform the regulator of any violation by corporates.
"Earlier, it was a routine activity, but now we are getting regular reports. We have asked exchanges to increase the manpower, which they are doing now. We are also inspecting the exchanges on what action they are doing for violation of disclosure norms," he added.
The Sebi is working with Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the government for raising FII participation in government bonds and enhancing settlement pattern from T+1 to T+2.
On the recently notified guidelines for real estate investment trusts (REITs), Sinha said the regulator is in talks with the government to provide greater clarity on taxation norms applicable to these instruments and is hopeful the government will be willing to consider the same.
It is also considering electronic IPO (E-IPO) option in the current financial year, which will be based on T+3 or T+5 form, Sinha said adding the fund raising activities have turned positive as more enquiries have been received for raising funds in September.
The regulator is also working on a plan to allow small companies to use institutional trading platform (ITP) on stock exchanges to raise fresh capital.
At present, the ITP is used by SMEs and start-ups to list their shares without an initial public offering (IPO).
"We are going to make further changes in the SME platform to help more companies to raise money," he added.
Speaking on the broader market environment, Sinha said, "Our growth numbers are remarkable. In the past one year alone, the markets returned about 30 per cent."

Sensex closes at two-month low  Infy fallsMarket update: Sensex closes at 2-month low, Infosys falls
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 19:36 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Thursday closed over 25 points lower in choppy trade with IT stocks led by Infosys recording losses, but oil & gas, PSU, metal and banking shares rose, avoiding a steeper fall in the index. Wednesday's closing level was the lowest for the Sensex in nearly two months.
After opening in the negative zone at 26,229.67, the 30-share barometer slipped further to touch an intra-day low of 26,150.09 on continued capital outflows and selling by retail investors, tracking weak cues from overseas markets.
Buying in select blue-chip stocks wiped off initial losses and the BSE index rose to the day's high of 26,338.31. It finally settled 25.18 points (or 0.10 per cent) lower than its previous close, at 26,246.79.
It had lost 358.54 points in the previous two sessions on negative domestic as well as global factors.
The broader National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty ended in red with a marginal fall of 9.70 point (or 0.12 per cent) at 7,842.70.
The 50-issue NSE index moved between 7,869.90 and 7,815.75 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Brokers said sentiment was hit by persistent capital outflows, weak trends in global markets and the cut by by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in its global economy growth forecast for next year to 3.8 per cent.
Participants were cautious ahead of the earnings season beginning later this week with Infosys posting July-September quarter results, brokers said.
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 332.84 crore on Tuesday.
Out of the 30 Sensex scrips, Cipla, Dr Reddy, Hero MotoCorp, Sun Pharma, TCS and Wipro fell, while 19 others ended higher. Hindustan Unilever ended flat.
IT services major, Infosys plunged 4.70 per cent to Rs 3,650.20 a piece amidst reports that global financial services major Citigroup has downgraded the stock to 'neutral' from 'buy'. The stock dragged the BSE IT sector index by 3.44 per cent.
Healthcare index fell 3.27 per cent and Teck index by 2.83 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Oil & Gas index rose 1.69 per cent as shares of RIL, ONGC and GAIL caught buyers' fancy. PSU index up 1.61 per cent.

DDA extends housing scheme submission date t...DDA extends new housing scheme submission dateline to October 15
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 05.18PM IST
Tags:
C-DAC
(The 'DDA Housing Scheme…)
NEW DELHI: After receiving an overwhelming response to its new housing scheme and due to intervening festive season, DDA has extended the last date of submission of application form to October 15, a senior official of the housing authority said today.
The 'DDA Housing Scheme 2014', offering over 25,000 flats across various categories, was launched on September 1 and the last date earlier was October 9.
"We received a massive response to our scheme since its launch. But, many people came in person and requested for extension of the deadline as there was also an intervening period of festive season and 'pitra paksh' during which people were not able to apply," DDA spokesperson Neemo Dhar told PTI.
She said that out of 20 lakh brochures printed for the scheme, "about 17 lakh have been sold through our counters and various empanelled bank branches".
"Out of the sold forms, we have received about 3 lakh so far, with a lakh forms being received yesterday only. As has been a trend, about 75 per cent people submit form in the last three days, so we are anticipating a rush around the new submission deadline," Dhar said.
The Delhi Development Authority took the decision today and has for the draw, kept a "tentative date of November 5".
"The draw would be overseen by a three-member team headed by a retired high court judge. It would also have two IT professionals, one from IIT-Delhi and another from the National Informatics Centre (NIC) to supervise the draw," she said.
DDA in its last scheme (DDA Housing Scheme 2010') had commissioned C-DAC (Centre for Development of Advanced Computing) as a vendor to execute its draw, but so far it has not decided on the vendor for this year, she said.
The IT department of the DDA has also planned to ramp up its website during the closing scheme time and during the draw, to cope with the heavy traffic of online users.
The procedure for the draw has also been uploaded on the website.
"We have also opened up a suggestion/feedback box on our website," Dhar said.
The DDA website had crashed within a few hours of its launch on September 1, prompting authorities to upgrade its server to meet the "exponentially increased user traffic".
In its first two days, the website had received 18 lakh hits with 11 lakh hits on a single day.
It has so far received over 3.3 million hits since the launch of the flagship programme.
DDA recently had also posted an online video guide for filling up of the form.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ebola scare at Advocate highlights protocolsEbola scare at Advocate highlights protocols
Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn
Warren Skalski/For the Chicago Tribune
Warren Skalski/For the Chicago Tribune
By Tony Briscoe, Tribune reporter
Africa Hospitals and Clinics Diseases and Illnesses Ebola U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
An Ebola scare at an Oak Lawn hospital highlights protocol medical staff have in place to fight virus
When a patient with flu-like symptoms said he had recently traveled to Africa, health care workers at Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn were given their first opportunity to implement protocols for something they were prepared for but had never dealt with: a patient potentially infected with the Ebola virus.
The patient, in fact, hadn't been to Africa and didn't have Ebola. But the way the incident was handled mirrors concerns around the country since the first travel-related case of Ebola was reported in the United States.
Caption Ebola patient being treated in Nebraska has died
Medical officials said Monday, Dr. Martin Salia, an Ebola patient being treated in Nebraska, has died. Salia was diagnosed with Ebola in Sierra Leone and was airlifted to Nebraska on Saturday.
Medical officials said Monday, Dr. Martin Salia, an Ebola patient being treated in Nebraska, has died. Salia was diagnosed with Ebola in Sierra Leone and was airlifted to Nebraska on Saturday.
Caption Ebola patient being treated in Nebraska has died
Medical officials said Monday, Dr. Martin Salia, an Ebola patient being treated in Nebraska, has died. Salia was diagnosed with Ebola in Sierra Leone and was airlifted to Nebraska on Saturday.
Medical officials said Monday, Dr. Martin Salia, an Ebola patient being treated in Nebraska, has died. Salia was diagnosed with Ebola in Sierra Leone and was airlifted to Nebraska on Saturday.
Caption Sierra Leone doctor with Ebola evacuated to U.S.
Dr. Martin Salia, who contracted Ebola while working as a surgeon in Sierra Leone, is heading to the U.S. He was evacuated on a chartered flight early Saturday morning.
Dr. Martin Salia, who contracted Ebola while working as a surgeon in Sierra Leone, is heading to the U.S. He was evacuated on a chartered flight early Saturday morning.
Caption Duncan family reaches settlement with Texas hospital
The family of first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States, Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan, reached a settlement with Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital.
The family of first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States, Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan, reached a settlement with Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital.
Caption 18,000 Kaiser nurses strike over Ebola unpreparedness
18,000 Kaiser nurses strike over Ebola unpreparedness
18,000 Kaiser nurses strike over Ebola unpreparedness
Caption Smiling doctor released after having Ebola
An emergency room doctor who was the first Ebola patient in the nation's biggest city has been released from a New York City hospital and thanked the medical workers who treated him. He also called attention to the ongoing epidemic in West Africa. (Nov. 1
An emergency room doctor who was the first Ebola patient in the nation's biggest city has been released from a New York City hospital and thanked the medical workers who treated him. He also called attention to the ongoing epidemic in West Africa. (Nov. 1
"When you have world travel, there's always potential for disease," said Dr. James Malow, co-chair of the infection prevention team at Advocate Health Care. "The thing with Ebola is, there's a 50 percent mortality rate and no treatment."
Malow said the likelihood of an outbreak in the U.S. "is almost zero." But Advocate and other local health care systems are prepared to partner with federal, state and local officials "so in the unlikely event that a patient with Ebola shows up in Chicago, we can contain it (as) quickly as possible," Malow said.
cComments
@jjkelly1: That's the first thing I thought when I read the article. Costs of false treatment aside, it appears that Advocate Christ Hospital is prepared to respond appropriately for an authentic emergency of this nature. As for who will pay for this patient's visit, I think the...
pfuzell

Futures bounce modestly after sell off; Fed minutes dueS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Live Cricket Score: Samuels anchors West Indies to 321/6Marlon Samuels, with an unbeaten 126, equalled his highest — 126 vs Bangladesh — in One-day Internationals in Kochi on Wednesday (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Kochi | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:39 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:04 pm
West Indies put behind an acrimonious pay dispute with their Board to spank number one ranked India by a huge margin of 124 runs in the first one-dayer to take a 1-0 lead in the five-match series.
SCORECARD: IND vs WI
The Caribbeans, who were on the verge of boycotting the ODI, rode on Marlon Samuels’ career-best equalling 126 not out to post 321 for six and then shot out the Indians for 197 in 41 overs in a rather one-sided contest at the Nehru Stadium.
India paid the price for some mediocre bowling and shoddy batting as they were outplayed by the crisis-hit visiting team in all departments of the game to suffer a heavy defeat.
Indian bowlers gave away too many runs at the second part of West Indies innings to allow the visitors pile up a big total after being put into bat and then the much-vaunted home batsmen, except for Shikhar Dhawan (68), failed to fire on a batting pitch.
Most of Indian batsmen were out on poor shot selection and they could not stitch any substantial partnership in the face of some tight bowling by the visiting bowlers, the highest being the 49 in 8.4 overs for the opening wicket between Dhawan and Ajinkya Rahane (24). Dhawan’s scratchy 68 came from 92 balls with the help of nine fours.
Ravindra Jadeja (33 not out) was the other Indian batsman who scored more than 20 runs.
West Indies, even without their mystery spinner Sunil Narine, could tie down the top Indian batsmen who failed to get the runs when required.
Chasing a huge target of 322 for a win, India could not get to a good start as Rahane was run out in a bizarre mix-up in the ninth over with just 49 on board.
Rahane tapped the length ball off Ravi Rampaul on the pads between short fine leg and square leg and after taking the first run quickly, he wanted a second and continued to run hard. But, Dhawan went back after taking a step and both found themselves at the keeper’s end and Rahane had to depart for the dressing room.
Virat Kohli (2) continued his struggle for form and even on a batting pitch, he could not do much and got dismissed the next over after facing just five balls. Kohli defended a Jerome Taylor delivery which held its line on the backfoot with an angled bat and the outside edge flew to Sammy at wide slip for a low catch.
Ambati Rayudu (13) looked like he would settle down for a partnership with Dhawan but lasted just six overs before he was out in the 16th over.
India were in a spot of bother when Rayudu was out at 82 for three but the home side’s chances of a win was dealt a blow continued…
Samuels signalled his return to ODI cricket with a brilliantly crafted unbeaten century as West Indies put up a commanding 321 for six

BHEL bags Rs 7 800 cr contract for power pro...You are here: Home > Collections
BHEL bags Rs 7,800 cr contract for power project
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 05.53PM IST
Tags:
Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd
(Valued at around Rs 7,800 crore,…)
NEW DELHI: State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd today bagged a Rs 7,800 crore contract for setting up a 1,320 MW thermal power project in Tamil Nadu.
Valued at around Rs 7,800 crore, it is an EPC contract (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) from Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd ( TANGEDCO ), Bhel said in a statement.
The order is for setting up a 2x660 MW coal-fired thermal power project at Ennore Special Economic Zone in Tamil Nadu.
The power plant will be constructed on a reclaimed ash pond, calling for specialised civil design, utilising an otherwise barren land.
Bhel's scope of work in the project includes design, engineering, manufacture, supply, construction, erection, testing and commissioning for the EPC Package.
The equipment for the contract will be manufactured at Bhel's Trichy, Haridwar, Bhopal, Ranipet , Hyderabad, Bangalore and Jhansi plants, while the company's Power Sector - Southern Region will be responsible for civil works and erection or commissioning of the equipment.
Bhel scrip closed at Rs 201.95, up 2.10 per cent, on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt to look into e-commerce as conventional traders fume'Govt to look into complaints on Flipkart's big sale'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 17:56 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:54 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
The government has received “many complaints” from traders on e-retailer Flipkart’s massive discount sale on Monday that offered deep discounts but also threw open the question of lack of regulatory oversight over India’s booming e-commerce business.
“We have received many inputs. Lot of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it,” commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman said on Wednesday.
Read: ‘Marked up’ prices, server crash spoil Flipkart party
Flipkart’s ‘The Big Billion Day’ overburdened its servers within two hours of the sale being opened and many users complained of landing on error pages and seeing their sale process being interrupted, amid accusations that discounts were offered on inflated prices.
“There are many complaints. We will study the matter... Whether there is a need for a separate policy or some kind of clarification is needed, we will make it clear soon,” said Sitharaman, who is also the minister of state for finance and corporate affairs.
Read: Flipkart has got mail, 16 'open letters' to the e-commerce giant on Big Billion Day
The Confederation of All India Traders has also sought a probe into the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies to find out how they are offering huge discounts during the festive season.
Flipkart on Tuesday wrote a formal apology to its registered customers for the technical and transaction troubles faced on Monday, when attempting to purchase goods on the website.
The company earned the ire of disgruntled shoppers by offering some supposedly discounted items at prices higher than what rivals such as Amazon and Snapdeal were offering.

Rupee Ends at 61.39  Rising for 3rd Day on Debt-Related Dollar InflowsWhy Rupee Hit Nine-Month Low against Dollar
Mumbai: The rupee gained for a third straight session on Wednesday, largely on the back of heavy foreign fund buying of domestic debt while the International Monetary Fund's upward revision in the country's growth outlook also aided sentiment.
The IMF raised India's growth forecast for the fiscal year to March 2015 to 5.6 per cent from 5.4 per cent, while trimming its global growth forecast.
Most emerging Asian currencies, however, fell on Wednesday with Indonesia's rupiah at its weakest in more than eight months as concerns over slowing global growth hurt risk assets.
Traders are awaiting the minutes of the Federal Reserve's September policy meeting due later in the day for immediate direction.
"The IMF forecast for India is good, so there wasn't much panic seen in the domestic markets. Not many domestic triggers likely in the near-term, so expect rangebound trading in the rupee to continue," said Ashtosh Raina, head of foreign exchange trading at HDFC Bank.
"There were good dollar inflows seen in the market today, possibly debt-related inflows. Broadly 61 to 62 should hold on the rupee."
Traders are also awaiting the retail and wholesale inflation data due to be released next week for domestic cues.
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.3950/4050 per dollar compared with 61.43/44 on Tuesday. The rupee had touched 61.3025 on Tuesday - its strongest level since September 26.
Dealers said foreign banks were likely buying domestic debt on behalf of overseas funds on expectations the foreign investment limit in government debt will be raised soon.
Traders will continue to monitor shares for clues on the direction of foreign fund flows. Foreign funds have bought a net $13.95 billion in equities and $20 billion in debt so far in 2014.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.78 while the three-month was at 62.41.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 17:29 (IST)

ASK Group launches Rs 1 500 cr domestic real estate fundOct 08, 2014, 06.08 PM IST  | Source: PTI
ASK Group launches Rs 1,500 cr domestic real estate fund
This is the fourth real estate fund of the firm which it plans to invest in residential projects across six markets - Mumbai, Pune, Chennai, Bangalore, Delhi-NCR and Hyderabad.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ASK Group launches Rs 1,500 cr domestic real estate fund
This is the fourth real estate fund of the firm which it plans to invest in residential projects across six markets - Mumbai, Pune, Chennai, Bangalore, Delhi-NCR and Hyderabad.
Post your opinion here
 
Riding high on the improving sentiment in realty sector and investment opportunities arising thereof, private equity player ASK Group plans to raise Rs 1,500 crore real estate fund.
This is the fourth real estate fund of the firm which it plans to invest in residential projects across six markets - Mumbai, Pune, Chennai, Bangalore, Delhi-NCR and Hyderabad. "We are launching the new fund now considering the improved market sentiment as well as willingness of investors to invest with a group that has a focused investment strategy," ASK Group Managing Director and CEO Sunil Rohokale told reporters here.
The Rs 1,500 crore fund named ASK Real Estate Special Opportunities Fund II, which will be managed by ASK Property Investment Advisors, is the largest domestic real estate fund by any player in the country in last five years, he said.
"We intend to raise this through domestic institutions and high net-worth individuals. Our ability to repeat deals with existing partners has been a differentiator reflecting our understanding and strong relationships. We expect that nearly 50 percent of the investments will come from our existing investors," Rohokale said.
The company expects to complete the fund raising in the next 12 months, he said.
It has already raised two domestic funds, each of Rs 340 crore in 2009 and Rs 1,000 crore in 2011-12. It has also launched USD 200 million offshore fund. Out of the USD 200 million, the company has raised USD 50 million and of this, USD 11 million has already been invested in
various projects.
ASK Group currently manages real estate assets of more than Rs 2,100 crore. "With the launch of this new fund, we expect to achieve Rs 4,000 crore of real estate assets under management in the next 12 months," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Walk the talk on Pakistan  Mr PM  says Rahul GandhiMaharashtra: Shiv Sena ready to go with BJP's choice of CM
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Modi has done nothing to stop Pakistan shelling: Rahul Gandhi52
0
Mahad (Maharashtra): With shelling and firing by Pakistani troops continuing to claim civilian lives in Jammu and Kashmir, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday targeted Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying he has done nothing to stop it despite "many provocations".
"Before the Lok Sabha polls, Modi used to speak of adopting an aggressive approach towards China and Pakistan. Now, despite so many provocations, the PM is not doing anything for the last three months," he said, addressing his first campaign rally for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly elections at Mahad in Raigad district.
"When the Prime Minister was enjoying a swing with the Chinese President, thousands of their soldiers were occupying our land in Ladakh....," he said.
"When the Prime Minister was enjoying a swing with the Chinese President, thousands of their soldiers were occupying our land in Ladakh....," he said.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #rahul gandhi #bjp #congress
On Modi's recent US trip, Rahul said, "During the visit, the Prime Minister thought of how medicines on diabetes and cancer, produced by companies there, could be sold in India.
"As a result, medicines costing Rs 8,000 will be available in India for Rs one lakh," the Congress leader said.
He also hit back at Modi for his Congress-free India slogan, saying it was "impossible".
"BJP says it wants to make India Congress-free. They do not realise that ideology of Congress, India and Maharashtra is the same. It is not possible to make India Congress-free," he said.
"BJP feels that only one person (Modi) can take India forward. It does not talk of taking forward any ideology," he said.
Rahul conceded that BJP's "marketing" was good. "As far as poll campaign is concerned, I must say their marketing is good," he said.
In his speech, Rahul did not mention former ally NCP with which it parted ways just ahead of the election. When it was pointed out that the Congress nominee in the area was pitted against Shiv Sena, Rahul asked voters to defeat the rival Sena candidate.
"A vote for Congress is vote for fast development of Maharashtra. Prithviraj Chavan is a leader with a clean image. Maharashtra will progress under his leadership," Rahul said, apparently backing the former Chief Minister as prospective candidate for the top job if the party is voted to power once
again.

Bangladeshi garments to spin business in northeast India: Indian diplomat11
0
Agartala: Bangladeshi garment traders are keen on doing business in northeast India and the Tripura government is ready to provide logistical support to them, an Indian diplomat said here on Wednesday.
"Bangladeshi garment manufacturers and traders have approached us to do business in the northeastern states. Tripura Chief Minister Manik Sarkar promised to provide logistical supports, including land, for this purpose," India's Deputy High Commissioner in Dhaka, Sandeep Chakravorty, told reporters.
After meeting Sarkar, the Indian diplomat said: "Sarkar has a good understanding of Bangladesh. He readily agreed to provide land and other logistical support at the Bodjunjnagar industrial estate (in western Tripura) if the Bangladeshi garment traders want to do business in the northeast or set up their manufacturing units."
Chakravorty said that after returning to Dhaka, he will again meet the traders and industrialists involved in the garment industries to convey Sarkar's willingness.
#garments #bangladesh #tripura
Chakravorty said that after returning to Dhaka, he will again meet the traders and industrialists involved in the garment industries to convey Sarkar's willingness.
"Tripura would be an ideal place for doing business and setting up industries by the Bangladeshi investors as the northeastern state has surplus power and natural gas," said Chakravorty, now on a four-day visit to the state.
He will visit Sabroom in southern Tripura to see the progress of the proposed bridge over river Feni for accessing the Chittagong international port from India's northeastern states. The sea port is just 75 km from Tripura.
He will also visit Akhaurah, just two km away from Agartala city, to look at the 15-km-long proposed Agartala-Akhaurah rail link, work on which is scheduled to start early next year.
Tripura will be the second power surplus state in India within the next three-four months after Sikkim, once full generation starts from Palatana and Monarchak gas-based power plants.
State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) has commissioned its biggest 726 MW capacity commercial power project at Palatana in southern Tripura, 60 km south of Agartala.
The power generation from the first unit (363 MW) of the Rs.9,000-crore Palatana power plant began December 2013 and the second unit (363 MW) is expected to start generation by next month.
The state-owned North East Electric Power Corporation is setting up a 104 MW power project at Monarchak in western Tripura, 70 km south of Agartala, and just eight km from the India-Bangladesh border. The project is likely to start generation within the next three-four months.
2

Hope the border situation normalises in a few days: MoS PMO Jitendra SinghThe cleanup in cricket has started today: Lalit Modi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Monsanto Misses 4Q Profit ForecastsKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Zensar signs multi-million dollar deal with UK retailerOct 08, 2014, 06.14 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Zensar signs multi-million dollar deal with UK retailer
The Pune-headquartered firm has been managing multiple systems for the retailer for 7 years and the new engagement involves a managed services portfolio consolidation, it said in a statement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Zensar signs multi-million dollar deal with UK retailer
The Pune-headquartered firm has been managing multiple systems for the retailer for 7 years and the new engagement involves a managed services portfolio consolidation, it said in a statement.
Post your opinion here
 
Mid-sized software solutions firm Zensar Technologies  today said it has signed a multi-million dollar deal with a leading UK-based high street retailer.
The Pune-headquartered firm has been managing multiple systems for the retailer for 7 years and the new engagement involves a managed services portfolio consolidation, it said in a statement.
Zensar did not provide financial details of the contract.
The company's Technologies Enterprise Transformation Services Head Nitin Parab said: "Zensar's business in Europe has seen a significant boost in the Retail sector with this large deal lending a shot in the arm in our core businesses."
It has been investing significantly in building its leadership in the Retail vertical, through an omnipresent approach to next generation retail and making investments in Omni channel technology for retailers, he added.
Parab said Zensar had recently announced the acquisition of Professional Access Ltd USA (PA), one of the largest Oracle ATG and Endeca partners in the world.
"It is an Oracle Platinum partner with presence in US, UK, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. PA works with several large and mid-sized retailers in these geographies to build and implement their e-Commerce strategies," he added.
Besides, Zensar - an RPG Group company - has also signed new contracts in the commerce space including, an American toy and juvenile products retailer, one of the largest check printers in the US, one of the largest chain of retailers in Mexico a speciality fashion and lifestyle retailer.
RELATED NEWS

Drive a Nano at Rs 99/hourDrive a Nano at Rs 99/hour
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 06:14 PM IST
Tata Motors, India's largest automobile manufacturer has joined hands with Carzonrent, a car rental company to provide Nano on rental basis starting at Rs 99 per hour.
This self-drive service involving 200 Nanos (Twist variant) will be available only in Delhi-NCR spread across 43 locations. Consumers can also avail this service at a price of Rs 399 for a full day and Rs 6,999 for a month.
The rates are less than a third when compared to the rates levied on hatchbacks like Maruti Suzuki Swift which charges Rs 1,399 per day. The all-electric mini car Mahindra e20 comes at Rs 800 per day, offered by the same company in Delhi-NCR.
Rajiv Kr Vij, Managing Director & CEO, Carzonrent said,"Our endeavor is to make self drive a conscious option for everyday commuters, which is not only beneficial for them but also for the city and its environment at large. Our technological expertise also helps us keep a check on the vehicle, both in terms of engine and driver health, making it a safer and viable option. We believe this concept will change the way people look at city travel and in the long run, help address the traffic woes Delhi faces.
 

Rs 2.50/litre cut in diesel rate likely afte...You are here: Home > Collections > Litre
Rs 2.50/litre cut in diesel rate likely after state elections
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 06.24PM IST
Tags:
Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs
(Prices may be cut after Maharashtra…)
NEW DELHI: A Rs 2.50 per litre cut in diesel prices and a little less than Re 1 a litre on petrol is in offing as international oil rates fell to a 27-month low.
Prices may be cut after Maharashtra and Haryana assembly elections are completed on October 15, sources privy to the development said.
Benchmark Brent crude today slid by as much as $1.35 to $90.76 a barrel, its lowest level since June 2012. Prices have declined 18 per cent this year.
The drop in rates will result in profit on sale of diesel expand from Rs 1.90 a litre calculated based on average rate prevailing in the second half of September.
Despite wiping out of under-recoveries or the difference between retail selling price and its imported cost, on sale of diesel on September 16 and the subsequent resultant over- recovery to Rs 1.90, the government has not cut rates due to election code.
Petrol on the other hand, had been deregulated in June 2010 and rates have since then moved every fortnight in tandem with the cost. Petrol rates last cut by 54 paise on October 1 in line with international trend.
Sources said a petrol price revision will take place on its due date of October 15 as per the practice of fixing rates on 1st and 16th of every month based on average international prices in the previous fortnight.
It is unclear if diesel price review would also happen on the same day. Though desired diesel prices are also calculated as per the fortnightly formula, the commodity continues to be under government control.
Sources said the Oil Ministry is of the view that while the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) on January 17, 2013, allowed a monthly increase in diesel price of 40-50 paise per month to wipe out the under-recovery, it wasn't envisaged that there would be over-recovery.
Despite the over-recovery, diesel prices have not been deregulated or freed yet.
Softening international oil rates have meant that diesel under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery swelled to Rs 1.90 a litre on October 1 and is further projected to rise to Rs 2.50.
Oil industry wants diesel rates to be reduced to protect their market share which they otherwise would lose to private retailers who price the fuel in tandem with international prices.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1yMDsXkFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
IMF: Banks lack strength to support recovery
The global economic recovery will "strengthen modestly" through 2014 and continue into 2015, aided by central bank policies in the U.S. and other advanced economies that have expanded money supply, the IMF  forecasts.
Post to Facebook
IMF: Banks lack strength to support recovery The global economic recovery will "strengthen modestly" through 2014 and continue into 2015, aided by central bank policies in the U.S. and other advanced economies that have expanded money supply, the IMF  forecasts. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vQ52zh
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
IMF: Banks lack strength to support recovery
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 6:26 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
International Monetary Fund (IMF) Financial Counsellor Jose Vinals (center), with Deputy Division Chief, Monetary and Capital Markets Department Andrea Maechler, left, and Deputy Director, Monetary and Capital Markets Department Peter Dattels, right, answer questions at an Oct. 8 news conference on the Global Financial Stability Report.
(Photo: Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency)
57 CONNECT 63 TWEET LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Many banks in the world's large economies lack enough strength to support  global recovery from the financial crisis, a weakness that is shifting risk to other types of lending, the International Monetary Fund said in a report Wednesday.
The weakness poses a challenge for economic policymakers and could signal the need for some banks to seek mergers with other financial partners or pursue market exits, IMF officials said at a Washington news conference on the organization's latest Global Financial Stability Report .
An analysis of 300 banks based in advanced economies around the world found that banks representing nearly 40% of total assets aren't strong enough to supply the credit needed for recovery, the report estimated. That proportion soars to approximately 70% in the euro area, the report said.
As a result, the so-called shadow banking system — repo (repurchase agreement) markets, hedge funds and non-regulated markets — has taken on an increasing share of the lending risk, the report said.
Credit-focused mutual funds and financial exchange-traded funds have seen massive inflows and collectively have become among the largest owners of U.S. corporate and foreign bonds, the report said.
The share of credit instruments held by mutual fund portfolios has doubled since 2007, the report said, and now comprises 27% of global high-yield debt. The top 10 global asset management firms now account for more than $19 trillion in assets under management, the report said.
"That's not so good news," said IMF Financial Counsellor José Viñals. He explained that the shift to shadow banking has created "an illusion of liquidity in fixed-income markets" — credit and lending that could evaporate in times of financial stress.
Financial policies are key to address what the report characterized as a new global imbalance between economic and financial risk-taking.
Monetary easing by the Federal Reserve in the U.S. and other central banks has helped build the financial recovery, Viñals said. But accommodative monetary policies "cannot be the only game in town," he added.
Banks should adjust their business models to improve credit flow to the economy, the report said. Safe credit sources outside the traditional banking sector should also be promoted, accompanied by adequate regulatory safeguards, the report said.
The IMF also recommended that policymakers improve governments' oversight and in-depth knowledge of the shadow banking system, as well as other types of important financial firms outside traditional banking.
Ultimately, some banks need to merge with others, or pursue partnerships with non-banks, "because there may be too many banks in some parts of the world for the business that's available," said Viñals. "Maybe this is a situation where some banks need to exit."
Dow scores biggest gain of 2014 on Fed minutes
The IMF issued the report during its semiannual meeting, one day after the organization scaled back its predictions for global economic growth. The IMF projected the global economy would grow 3.3% this year, a dip from the 3.4% forecast in July. Growth in 2015 was projected at 3.8%, down from the 4% increase estimated earlier.
Investors reacting to that data and other financial news sent the Dow plunging Tuesday. But Wednesday's release of upbeat Federal Reserve minutes triggered a rally that by the trading close pushed the Dow, Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite index up with gains that ranged from 1.6% to 1.9%.
57 CONNECT 63 TWEET LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vQ52zh
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

http://usat.ly/1rWE86nFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Marc Andreessen gives $500,000 to diversify high tech
Silicon Valley investor Marc Andreessen and his wife, philanthropist and entrepreneur Laura Arrillaga-Andreessen, are giving $500,000 to three nonprofits working to bring more diversity to the tech industry.
Post to Facebook
Marc Andreessen gives $500,000 to diversify high tech Silicon Valley investor Marc Andreessen and his wife, philanthropist and entrepreneur Laura Arrillaga-Andreessen, are giving $500,000 to three nonprofits working to bring more diversity to the tech industry. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vQ55Lo
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
8
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Marc Andreessen gives $500,000 to diversify high tech
Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 4:36 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
Marc Andreessen and his wife, Laura Arrillaga-Andreessen, are giving $500,000 to non-profits working to close the gender and racial gap in the high-tech industry.
(Photo: Elisabeth)
1641 CONNECT 953 TWEET 322 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — Influential Silicon Valley investor Marc Andreessen and his wife, philanthropist Laura Arrillaga-Andreessen, are giving $500,000 to three non-profits working on the front lines to bring more diversity to the high-tech industry.
"Tech is not yet inclusive enough," Andreessen said in an exclusive interview. "There is no question that there is a huge opportunity to make it more inclusive and open it up to traditionally underrepresented groups, such as women and underrepresented minorities."
The grants send a strong signal about the growing momentum in Silicon Valley to close the gender and racial gap in the high-tech industry.
Andreessen is one of high-tech's best-known investors and entrepreneurs. He was one of the developers of Mosaic, the first widely used Web browser. And he co-founded Netscape Communications, the company that developed one of the first commercial Web browsers.
He now runs one of Silicon Valley's most prominent venture capital firms, Andreessen Horowitz, and sits on the boards of three of high-tech's biggest companies: Facebook, eBay and Hewlett-Packard.
His wife is a prominent philanthropist and author of Giving 2.0: Transform Your Giving and Our World.
They are backing three non-profits — Code2040, Girls Who Code and Hack the Hood — that have sprung up to increase the ranks of women and blacks and Hispanics in the high-tech industry and help them plug into Silicon Valley through valuable connections to companies and investors.
Lack of diversity could undercut Silicon Valley
Blacks and Hispanics are largely absent and women are underrepresented here — from giant companies to start-ups to venture capital firms. Recently released numbers from major high-tech companies show their workforces are overwhelming white, Asian and male.
"Laura and I basically set out to identify three groups doing an effective job," Andreessen said. "These grants are intended to boost their capabilities and help them scale for the next several years."
A big chunk of the money is coming from the Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering (known as the QEPrize) which Andreessen and four other innovators shared last year. Andreessen was recognized for his work on Mosaic.
Rather than attend the ceremony himself, Andreessen asked two students from Code2040 to accept the prize from Queen Elizabeth II on his behalf. The objective of the prize is to inspire young people to become engineers.
Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg on tech's diversity gap
In giving away the money, Arrillaga-Andreessen said she and her husband want to help create a "new generation of prize winners."
Philanthropist Laura Arrillaga-Andreessen and her husband Marc Andreessen are giving $500,000 to nonprofits working to close the gender and racial gap in Silicon Valley.
(Photo: Cameron Hirigoyen)
"Diversity and innovation go hand in hand, in my opinion; you can't have one without the other," she said.
Girls Who Code founder Reshma Saujani said the Andreessens are making a "real commitment to parity in tech."
She says the grant will help her organization build out its own technology platform, including an alumni network.
"This is not a token donation. This is really an investment and a partnership," Saujani said. "We see their grant not as an investment in our program but an investment in our future."
Code2040 founder Laura Weidman Powers says her organization — which helps top Hispanic and black engineers land internships with Silicon Valley companies — will set up an alumni program so that graduates can stay connected to Code2040 and the cause of diversifying the tech industry.
"The groundwork that we as an organization will lay over the coming year will have a huge impact on the students and on how they think of themselves as being part of the Silicon Valley network and ecosystem," Powers said.
Hack the Hood trains underprivileged kids to build websites for local businesses and supports them as they launch careers in tech. Google recently awarded Hack the Hood a half-million dollars in a San Francisco Bay Area non-profit competition.
The grant from the Andreessens will help Hack the Hood develop evaluation metrics to show funders their progress in expanding throughout the Bay Area and across the country, said founder and CEO Susan Mernit.
"We are busy planning our expansion in 2015 to make good on the promise to reach a greater number of kids," Mernit said. "We are working so hard; we are just so fortunate to have this kind of opportunity to keep building our program."
1641 CONNECT 953 TWEET 322 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vQ55Lo

http://usat.ly/1CUFhA9Rieder: Waging war on Internet nonsense
It's the perfect initiative for the era of the three-breasted woman
Post to Facebook
Rieder: Waging war on Internet nonsense It's the perfect initiative for the era of the three-breasted woman Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vK76bX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rieder: Waging war on Internet nonsense
Rem Rieder , USA TODAY 6:14 p.m. EDT October 6, 2014
Craig Silverman
42 CONNECT 33 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
It's the perfect initiative for the era of the three-breasted woman.
You know, the story late last month of the woman who supposedly had a third breast attached to make herself less attractive to men.
The ridiculous saga was — go figure — debunked, but not before it got plenty of attention on the Internet and on social media.
Well, Craig Silverman, who has spent much of his professional life countering erroneous journalism, is determined to do everything he can to help news organizations and news consumers alike separate fact from fiction.
That's why he recently launched Emergent , a website designed to track rumors and anonymously based stories as they, well, emerge on the Internet.
Emergent will analyze how news outlets are treating the stories and, most important, place them in one of three categories: confirmed true, confirmed false and unverified. And it will shift the classification as new facts come to the fore.
For example, when The Wall Street Journal reported Sunday that Hewlett-Packard planned to split into two companies, citing unnamed sources, Emergent classified the story as not verified. But when the development was confirmed, it shifted into the confirmed true category.
So why did Silverman, who has been researching this issue at Columbia University's Tow Center for Digital Journalism, create this new endeavor?
"There's a huge amount of misinformation spread online," he says. "A lot of things that are not true spread very quickly."
Years ago, if a news outlet broke a story, others would either ignore it or nail it down themselves before publishing. Today, in a world of fierce 24/7 competition, where everyone seems to think they need to have everything, and right away, if they are to stay relevant, it's common practice for news organizations to instantly post a story simply attributing it, to the outlet that published it. Then, hopefully, they work to make sure that it's true and then update their story.
But before the dust settles, a lot of erroneous information gets into play. And often stories from less-than-reliable outlets are uncritically disseminated. Remember the story that North Korea dictator Kim Jong Un had executed his uncle and onetime mentor by throwing him to a large pack of ferocious dogs? Completely bogus, but it got way further into to the mainstream than it should have.
Rieder: In which the news media go to the dogs
And all of these stories, not to mention a huge array of snippets of unverified information, are widely distributed on social media.
Silverman stresses that his new operation, which debuted in late September, is in its very early stages — "an initial prototype." He's on the Columbia payroll and has a research assistant there, but so far he's funding Emergent by himself.
Now he's turning his attention to the "sustainability piece." Possibilities include aggressive fundraising, becoming a stand-alone non-profit or finding a home at an existing news organization or foundation.
So how does Emergent work? With a mix of human and algorithmic intelligence. Silverman and company watch to see what rumor-fueled and unnamed source-based stories are rising to the surface. They put the stories into a database and assess how news outlets are treating them: as true, false or straight down the middle. They evaluate the headline as well as the story, because often the headlines lack the necessary qualifiers. And since headlines have so much impact, that's often how bad content enters the information bloodstream.
And, as mentioned above, Emergent decides how the overall meme should be categorized. And it watches how the stories evolve. Do news outlets update them as new information becomes available?
"News organizations often don't follow up," Silverman says.
Emergent also keeps an eye on at what stage stories are shared. Early findings suggest that the unverified first draft gets far more exposure than the debunking. Silverman hopes that ultimately, once Emergent catches on, people will check the site's conclusions before pulling the trigger and retweeting misinformation or sharing it on Facebook.
Silverman, who wrote both a blog and a book about journalism corrections called Regret the Error,  points out that many stories remain stuck in that unverified category. As Emergent grows, that will serve as an assignment desk for the new site. It will investigate on its own whether the stories are true.
So here's hoping Emergent gains traction. The war on disinformation needs all the help it can get.
42 CONNECT 33 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vK76bX
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

Fund raising via QIP surges to over Rs 26 000 cr in 2014Oct 08, 2014, 06.16 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Fund raising via QIP surges to over Rs 26,000 cr in 2014
The Indian companies have raised a total of Rs 26,354 crore in the first eight months of the year, more than double the amount garnered in the entire 2013, as per data compiled by capital market regulator Sebi.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Fund raising via QIP surges to over Rs 26,000 cr in 2014
The Indian companies have raised a total of Rs 26,354 crore in the first eight months of the year, more than double the amount garnered in the entire 2013, as per data compiled by capital market regulator Sebi.
Post your opinion here
 
Fund raising through the qualified institutional placement (QIP) seems to be gaining traction among Indian firms, with total amount mopped-up via this route crossing the Rs 26,000 crore mark this year.
The Indian companies have raised a total of Rs 26,354 crore in the first eight months of the year, more than double the amount garnered in the entire 2013, as per data compiled by capital market regulator Sebi.
During January-August period of 2014, funds were garnered through as many as 21 QIP issuance. According to industry estimates, the total funds raised this year could be more than Rs 30,000 crore. Market experts said that return of investor confidence in the equity markets has encouraged some of the large firms to mop-up funds through QIP route.
Interestingly, most of the funds were raked in through QIP issuances after the election verdict was announced in May, thus clearly showcasing the revival of investor sentiment, backed by a strong secondary market, experts say.
Among the firms which garnered funds via QIP segment this year included  State Bank of India (SBI), Yes Bank ,  Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications . The fund raising was in line with the BSE's benchmark Sensex gaining around 24 percent so far this year.
RELATED NEWS

Image of Asia: Olive Ridley Turtles Head Into SeaKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Key catalysts to watch
Spanish nurse says she has no idea how she got Ebola  as her family fights for their dogs lifeBy Abby Phillip and Abby Ohlheiser October 8 Follow @abbydphillip Follow @abbyohlheiser
As hazmat crews begin disinfecting the home of a Spanish nursing assistant who contracted the deadly Ebola virus, animal rights activists protest order to euthanize her dog. (AP)
Maria Teresa Romero Ramos, a Spanish sanitary technician who became the first case of Ebola transmission outside of Africa , said she followed all the appropriate protocols when entering the room of an Ebola patient at Carlos III Hospital, but she acknowledged that she may have made a mistake when removing her protective suit.
“I think the error was the removal of the suit,” she told Spanish newspaper El País by phone . “I can see the moment it may have happened, but I’m not sure about it."
Initially, Ramos told another Spanish newspaper El Mundo from her isolated hospital bed  that she had "no idea," how she might have become infected.
But on Wednesday, German Ramirez, a doctor in the Carlos III Hospital's Tropical Diseases unit, said Ramos recalled that she might have had contact with her face after leaving an Ebola patient's isolation room.
"During the course of the morning, we looked at actions taken when [the nurse’s aide] put on her protective suit," Ramirez said outside the hospital. "She has told us of the possibility that her suit had contact with her face.... It could have been an accident. It looks like it was the gloves."
Ramos became infected when she was treating Manuel Garcia Viejo, a priest who contracted the virus in West Africa. She entered Viejo's room only twice, once to change his diaper, and a second time to remove his belongings after he died on Sept. 25. She began experiencing symptoms of Ebola on Sept. 30, but was only admitted to the hospital Sunday. Tests confirmed Monday that she had contracted Ebola.
People treating patients with Ebola must wear full-body personal protective suits to prevent infection. But the process of putting on and taking off that equipment can also potentially lead to infection.
Ramos told El País that she might have made an error when she removed the suit after she cleaned the hospital room following the priest's death.
"What we've seen in the past among nurses in [West Africa] wearing [the personal protection suits] is very complicated," Daniel Epstein, a spokesman for the World Health Organization, said in an interview Tuesday. "Putting them on and taking them off requires a certain series of steps in a certain order.
"It's not that the suits fail; it's that people fail when they take it off."
The husband of a Spanish nurse diagnosed with Ebola appeals for the couple’s dog to be spared as authorities say it should be euthanized. (Reuters)
Meanwhile, Spanish officials received approval from a Madrid court to euthanize her dog, Excalibur. In a plea to sympathizers, the nurse's husband, Javier Limón, who is also in quarantine in the hospital, asked the public to persuade Spanish officials to spare the mixed-breed dog's life.
"Hello, I'm Javier, the husband of Teresa Romero. I'm in the hospital, and I'm asking the population to help me to save my dog Excalibur who they [Spanish health officials] want to kill," Limón said in a video message .
Protesters took to the streets of Spain in an attempt to save the dog, but he was euthanized on Wednesday at 6:30 p.m. (CEST), according to Javier Rodríguez, a spokesman for the Madrid health ministry, El Mundo reported.
The procedure was done by members of the veterinary faculty at the Universidad Complutense de Madrid, "so that he would not suffer," El Mundo added.
1 of 16

Tata Elxsi to hold board meetingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

1st ODI: India vs West Indies - PreviewThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tokyo Stock Exchange invites Indian companies to raise capitalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Jaiprakash Associates shares up over 3 pcThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India Offers $250 Bn Investment Opportunity In InfrastructureThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shiv Sena asks PM Modi to focus on border issuesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Surya Roshni enters appliances mkt; launches 15 productsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hfcl is a trustworthyness company the time will come when the share of...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I bought 320 shares at 21.30.will taking risk till 9 .if i would get ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Idea buy above 162.75 only.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Bhai shb aapka call 9mber denaCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Tibetan plateau becomes focus of intense climate studyUpdated: October 1, 2014 21:59 IST
Tibetan plateau becomes focus of intense climate study
K. S. RAJGOPAL
REUTERS Tibetans are seen near the Kharola glacier some 200km (125 miles) west
TOPICS
The Tibetan plateau has become the focus of intense meteorological study in a never-before attempt to understand its effect on climate locally as well as globally, notes Nature News.
This development follows close on the heels of the massive floods which hit Kashmir and Pakistan recently.
The $49-million Chinese effort, in which the plateau is being flooded with sensors, is aimed to help predict extreme weather — both in Asia and as far away as North America — and give scientists knowledge on how climate change affects these events.
Having a high altitude, the plateau receives more sunlight, gets hotter than land at sea level. Acting like a giant heating plate it pumps air upwards which disperses in the upper troposphere, influencing atmospheric circulation and thereby, climate.
The heat also intensifies monsoons, which are caused by land-ocean temperature differences which in turn cause pressure gradients.
Being the biggest and highest plateau in the world, it disturbs the troposphere unlike any other structure on earth. However, there are little data on the impact on climate.
The plateau’s remoteness, altitude and harsh conditions — it is often called the third pole because it hosts the world’s third-largest stock of ice — meaning that even basic weather stations are few.
Satellite data are also plagued by large errors owing to lack of calibration from ground observations.
But now, in central and western Tibet, researchers jointly funded by the China Meteorological Administration and the National Natural Science Foundation of China began, in August, to place temperature and moisture detectors in the soil and to erect 32-metre-high towers laden with sensors that measure cloud properties. In recent weeks, the team has begun deploying sensors mounted on weather balloons and unmanned aerial vehicles.
“The data should help determine the extent to which different types of land surface heat up the overlying air, and how this might vary in response to factors such as snow cover and vegetation changes,” Wu Guoxiong, an atmospheric scientist at the Institute of Atmospheric Physics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) in Beijing and a principal investigator of the project told Nature News.
“Climate models have the greatest uncertainties in Tibet and the Himalayas, and are especially weak at simulating monsoons,” Xu Xiangde, an atmospheric scientist at the Chinese Academy of Meteorological Sciences in Beijing and investigator on the project said to Nature News.

Finding a Long-Lost Ancestor on the Streets of Chicagoreddit
I have an autograph book that belonged to my maternal grandmother. Written on the inside cover is "Anna Gustavason, 162 Townsend Street, Chicago, Ill." I can't find 162 Townsend on any map, nor can I find her on any census record. She was in N.D. High School in Chicago in 1887.  She died in Orinoco, MN, in 1931. She was married to Christian Matthias Haas in Chicago. I would appreciate any help you can give me.  - Judy W.
________________________
Dear Judy,
When most people think of the things they'd like a genealogist to do for them, at the top of the list would be finding a long-lost ancestor, someone whose name they've heard, but who seems to have dropped off the paper trail completely, without a trace. Truth be told, finding a lost ancestor is one of the greatest gifts that a genealogist can give to anyone. While it's true that we find lost ancestors whenever we trace a person's family tree, nothing compares with finding a person whose name you know but whose identity is shrouded in mystery--like the life and times of your maternal grandmother, Anna Gustavason. So, we have chosen your letter among the many we have received, and decided that it is time that Anna should be found, and her descendants should be reunited with her.
Today, thanks to digitization and the Internet, there are some great tools available for discovering individuals lost even in the United States Federal Census records. (Yes, as incredible as it seems, that has happened more often than one thinks possible.) In your case, you were fortunate to have some facts to go on:  your grandmother's name, her street address at one point in her life, the name of her high school, and the date and place of her death. That is quite a lot of information, even if she seems to be invisible in the federal census. Always start with the few facts you know, and go from there.
Let's start with that address: 162 Townsend Street, in Chicago. With a quick search, you can find city maps online which identify both old and new locations--even places and streets in cities that no longer exist today. We'll outline a few of those options that helped us find your grandmother for you, starting with a "city directory."
City Directories
What is a city directory? Well, imagine a telephone book without telephone numbers. That is what a city directory was; residents of a city or town were listed in alphabetical order, just like they were in the phone books that followed. We can't stress how valuable these directories are when you are searching for a lost ancestor. These precursors to phone books list names of working adults, along with occupations and street addresses. Fortunately, many historical directories are now available online.  Not only are city directories a marvelous source for finding individuals, but they can be used to locate schools and other institutions in any given year.  We know that over the years, many street names changed. Chicago was no exception and, adding to the confusion, Chicago renumbered its streets in 1909!
We found an 1887 Chicago (Lakeside) directory on Ancestry.com. While there isn't a listing for a "Gustavason" at any Townsend address, there are several "Gustaveson" names (spelled with an "e" rather than an "a") included. Considering the fact that names are often misspelled, or spelled variously, in records, we continued to look for alternatives. There was a C.A. Gustavson at 91 Townsend. This may or may not be the individual we are looking for, but it is a logical place to start your search.
City Directories at Ancestry.com: Chicago 1887, No Gustavason listed at any Townsend address, however, there are several Gustavesons listed and a C.A. Gustavson at 91 Townsend.
Since we were looking at the 1887 Chicago Lakeside Directory, we thought it a good idea to see if we could figure out what "N.D. High School" might have been and where it was located. It would appear that N.D. stood for North Division High School, Wendell near North Wells (not far from Townsend Street).
The Chicago City Directory for 1887 found online.
The N.D school was opened in 1875 and underwent several name changes since then. It still exists, as a matter of fact, but now its name is Lincoln Park High School and its history can be found directly on the school's current website .
Map Search for Townsend Street
A search of the historical maps at David Rumsey Map Collection shows that Townsend Street was on the North Side of Chicago located near Goose Island.
Townsend Street is highlighted in green on this historical map, but it is apparent that there is no street in Chicago by that name on contemporary maps.
Chicago Street Name Changes
Chicago history expert Daniel E. Niemiec created a wonderful website where original Chicago street names and numbering changes can be found. According to the website, Townsend Street was changed to Hudson Avenue in 1936.
A quick look at a current Chicago street map confirms that Hudson Avenue is exactly where Townsend Street used to be--in what was a predominantly Swedish neighborhood.
Swedish Contributions to Chicago
During the Civil War Era, Chicago became a magnet for Swedish immigrants. The community jumped seven-fold--from a population of 816 in 1860 to 6,154 in 1870. Construction job opportunities attracted more Swedes (as well as other groups) when the city needed rebuilding after The Great Chicago Fire of 1871. By 1890, Chicago claimed to be the world's largest Swedish city after Stockholm and Swedes comprised the third largest immigrant group after the Germans and Irish.
Finding comfort in a common language, a common culture and often a common religion, immigrants tended to cluster together in cities. Their close proximity becomes evident when you are looking at city directories and census records. Yet, while it's a good idea start a search in an ethnic neighborhood, we should not confine our searches to those places. Work opportunities, friendships and love know no boundaries. It is quite possible that Anna met her future husband outside of her own neighborhood. Locating them in census records revealed that Christian's father was German-born.
Finding Anna and Christian in Census Records
When searching for anyone in census records (or anywhere else), we begin with what we know and work backwards in time. Since your previous searches hadn't yielded desired results, we guessed that indexed spellings were the culprits. So we began with the 1930 Census, trying alternative spellings, including "Anna Hass." There she was, as Anna G. Hass (her married name), born about 1872 in Sweden (having immigrated to the United States in 1874), living in Oronoco, Minnesota, in 1930. Other identifying information included the name of her husband, Christian M. (minister) and the names and birthplaces of her children. J. Calvin Hass, the eldest, was age 20 at the time the census was taken in 1930. He and his siblings Harriet (16) and S. Herrick (14) were born in North Dakota.
A detail from the 1930 U.S. Federal Census record on Ancestry.com highlighting the family of Anna Haas, listed as Anna Hass.
The information in the 1930 Census enabled us to locate the Haas family in the 1920 Census, living in Chester, North Dakota.  It appears that their eldest child, Alice G. Haas, was 15 years old, born in New Mexico. Their son Francis was 14 and was born in South Dakota, as were his younger siblings. Using children's ages and birthplaces, it is easier to trace the family's moves across the country.
The 1910 Census finds the Haas family living in Mapleton, North Dakota with children Alice C. (5) born in New Mexico and Francis N. (4), Christian W. (2) and John C. (0-12) born in North Dakota.
Further Research Suggestions
We also searched for Anna Gustavason in earlier census records. While there are some potential identifications, it is impossible to identify your grandmother positively without knowing more about the Gustavason family.
Are there other names or clues in the autograph book that might be useful in tracking her down?  Names of parents or siblings? Even tracking the names of friends who signed her autograph book might enable you to find her living near them in subsequent or previous census enumerations.
Our initial search did not yield a marriage record for Christian Haas and Anna Gustavason.
Because we found out that Christian's occupation was a minister, it's likely they were married in a church. While many church records have been digitized, many remain buried in the basement of churches.  One day, we hope to digitize as many records related to ancestry tracing that we can find, but that process is still under way.  The record of your grandmother's marriage may be in a written record among a church's archive, and perhaps wasn't ever registered at the county level. Does the Chicago marriage record to which you refer include any additional clues? When were they married? Witness names and the name of the clergyman who performed the ceremony can be quite useful in tracing a family's story.
As you can see, finding one clue about a lost ancestor can lead to many more discoveries. The process of tracing ancestry is a bit like walking up steps: take one step at a time. We hope that now that you have found your grandmother, Anna, you continue your search to uncover the rest of her story, and that of her ancestors.  Good luck, and keep us posted about your progress!
Do you have a mystery in your own family tree?  Or have you wondered what family history discoveries you could make with a DNA test? Send Henry Louis Gates, Jr and his team of Ancestry experts your question at ask@ancestry.com .
More:

Walmart wants to be  number one health-care providerWalmart wants to be 'number one health-care provider'
Walmart wants to be 'number one health-care provider'
The massive rebranding of Walmart just keeps branching into new areas. The big box retailer announced Monday it'll team up with DirectHealth.com to help you figure out health insurance.
The massive rebranding of Walmart just keeps branching into new areas. The big box retailer announced Monday it'll team up with DirectHealth.com to help you figure out health insurance.
The massive rebranding of Walmart just keeps branching into new areas. The big box retailer announced Monday it'll team up with DirectHealth.com to help you figure out health insurance.
This video is featured in these articles:

The jet-powered FedEx truckFrom junk cars, new bikes
Or not. Wright is channelling his energies into Wrightspeed , a developer of electric powertrains for trucks, based in the Silicon Valley city of San Jose, California. Though Teslas and the Ariel Atom-based X1 may seem light years removed from commercial trucks, an electrical current runs through them all. And with his medium-duty truck powertrains, Wright claims he is better positioned to accomplish something he never could with Tesla: the reduction of vast amounts of fossil-fuel use.
Wright’s weapon of mass deconstruction? A plug-in electric powertrain that turns gas-guzzling vehicles – lumbering garbage trucks, big delivery rigs and the like – into fuel-sippers. The vehicles also run cleaner, as measured in emissions per kilowatt hour, than conventional electric cars that rely on electricity produced by traditional public power stations.
“It was quite a change,” Wright says of his move from high-performance boutique electric cars with price tags north of $70,000 to slow-footed trucks. “But I was driven to figure out a way to get this technology to market and build a scalable business model. The market for high-performance cars is too small to get investors excited. It’s a good hobby business.”
The challenge, as Wright saw it, was determining a market large enough for the kind of impact he wanted to have. “The answer was trucks,” he says. “Trucks run much dirtier than cars. And they burn a lot of fuel.”
Wright says that on average, one truck for Wrightspeed client FedEx consumes about 4,000 gallons of fuel annually. (According to FedEx figures, the company operates a fleet of about 47,500 motorised vehicles.) And that is just one company; Wright notes the presence of roughly 2.2m medium-duty trucks in the US alone (defined as vehicles with gross vehicle weights of 10,001-26,000lbs).
The parcel company recently retrofitted and road-tested two trucks with the Wrightspeed system, and subsequently ordered retrofit packages for 25 more.
In another example, an Isuzu NPR, a medium-duty truck that achieves roughly 12mpg with a diesel engine, returned 44mpg after a retrofit by Wrightspeed.
Garbage trucks represent another opportunity. An average truck burns about 14,000 gallons of fuel per year in the US, at a cost of about $55,000 to the operator. Wright says a Wrightspeed powertrain could double a garbage truck’s fuel economy from fewer than 3mpg to 6mpg. “We can generate $35,000-a-year savings per vehicle through reduced fuel costs,” Wright says.
The secret sauce in Wrightspeed’s medium-duty electric powertrain – called the Route – is a tiny gas turbine. This microturbine, which functions not unlike those found in jet engines, spins a generator that then feeds the batteries. Kinetic energy captured under braking also is fed into the batteries. The microturbine can run on diesel, biofuel or compressed natural gas. Meanwhile stout electric motors mounted to four drive wheels provide the motivation. The Route system employs geared-traction drive, comprising a two-speed gearbox with clutchless shifting that delivers 125 to 250 continuous horsepower and 18,000 pound-feet of total axle torque. Top speed for a medium-duty rig running the Route? A peppy 75mph.
“The wheels are driven only by electric power. There’s no piston engine at all,” Wright explains. “The gas turbine drives the on-board generator, which makes it an unlimited-range electric vehicle. You don’t have to stop and recharge it like a conventional electric vehicle. That’s part of the magic.”
Turbines typically run cleaner than piston-driven engines because of the continuous combustion process, Wright adds. “And drivers love the powertrain because it’s so quiet. They don’t hear diesel-engine noise all day.”
Brake wear is another huge concern for fleet operators, because of the constant start-and-stop nature of their work. But with the Route system’s regenerative braking, merely lifting a foot off the accelerator slows the vehicle by reversing the electric power flow, effectively applying braking torque to the wheels.
Wright declined to specify the cost of a Route retrofit, but argued there were cost savings relative to typical powertrain replacements, which occur cyclically with many delivery trucks – sometimes two or three times during their life cycle, he notes.
Looking ahead, Wright says he has no interest manufacturing electric cars for consumers. As the Wrightspeed website puts it, “We like to make things go.”
Not as fast as an X1, mind, but certainly optimised for the long haul.
An earlier version of this story misstated the number of motors mounted to each drive axle. There are two per drive axle, one at each drive wheel, not one per drive axle.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

India s MphasiS shares down on HP revenue concernsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Wikipedia via Forbes.comThe latest weapon in the battle against bedbugs—luggage
Amy Langfield CNBC
Email
Bedbugs have not gone away, they've just found new places to hide.
It's been a few years since the media hysteria peaked—along with cases of  itchy people desperately dousing  themselves or furniture with flammable liquids —but the problem is as bad as  ever, according to industry officials. In the last few weeks, the pests have  been found practically everywhere, from New York City  subways to Naval Academy dorm rooms . And a survey last week by  pest-management company Orkin finds renters fear bedbugs over anything else. "Bedbugs have  increased dramatically as a public health pest throughout the country," the  Environmental Protection Agency reports. 
Wikipedia via Forbes.com
What's the latest weapon in the battle against bedbugs? Luggage.
Not surprisingly, the number of bedbug-fighting products has grown as well.  More than 300 different products are now registered by the EPA for use against  them (though that doesn't indicate an endorsement).
The latest weapon in the battle against bedbugs? Luggage.
"The Achilles' heel of a bedbug is heat. They die if it gets to 140  degrees," said James Bell, CEO of a company that makes luggage that  reaches temperatures hot enough to kill bedbugs and their eggs.
The ThermalStrike suitcases, which come in two sizes and  sell for $249 and $199, plugs into a 110-volt socket and heats up  its interior infrared panels to 140 degrees. The company recommends setting the  timer to eight hours for full effect.
Hotels have gotten better about eradicating bedbugs in recent years. A 2013 University of Kentucky survey of 251 pest management companies  across the United States found that only 75 percent of the companies had  responded to a bedbug case in a hotel or motel that year, down slightly from 80  percent in 2011. 
Video: Nov. 28: NBC's Dawn Fratangelo reports that New York City residents are losing sleep over an invasion of blood-seeking bedbugs.
"Hotels are very focused in bedbugs these days," said Missy Henriksen, vice  president of public affairs for the National Pest Management Association. Not  only do they monitor and inspect more closely, most have aggressive response  plans that call for clearing not just the room where the bugs are fund, but  rooms on both sides as well as above and below since the infestation can spread  through electrical sockets. 
Still, Michael Potter, an entomology professor who co-authored the Kentucky  survey, said travelers should remain wary. "Some hotels are being more  pro-active while others are still way behind in the learning curve," he told  CNBC. 
Experts suggest a number of ways to reduce bedbug infestations when  traveling, such as keeping your suitcase off the floor, closing it when not in  use, inspecting the hotel's bed, sheets and headboard upon arrival and putting  your clothes in a hot dryer when returning home. Advice on bedbug control can be  found on the EPA website.
While the self-heating luggage and other bedbug-killing treatments are not  certified by any government agency, the Federal Trade  Commission offers consumers some advice : "The tough truth is, bedbug  infestations are difficult to control, and no one treatment or technique has  been found to be effective in all cases. Be wary of any brand that claims to be  a silver bullet."
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Epilogue: Sports suspensionsBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 7 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
As you may have read by now, Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps was recently arrested for driving under the influence. Now, he has been suspended for six months on the grounds that his actions were “detrimental to the image or reputation of USA Swimming.” This is a rather different argument than the one that has circulated around the National Football League and domestic violence this summer and fall, in which the suggestion has been that by not suspending players in such cases, or handing out light suspensions, the league appears to be condoning such behavior.
Michael Phelps after winning the men’s 200-meter butterfly at the 2012 U.S. Olympic swimming trials. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
There are potential merits to both arguments. Arguably, the sports and entertainment industries are businesses based in reputation: Your employees need to be at least somewhat appealing as well as competent, or fans will be less eager to invest in them. And both fields also have powerful signaling capacities to suggest what is and is not acceptable, and what is and is not important. But it would be helpful for leagues and organizations like USA Swimming to talk openly about their reasoning for suspensions and transparent about their suspension guidelines.
And as they hash out these issues in public, I am curious: If organizations are going to suspend people for personal behavior, on what grounds should they do it? And what would your preferred punishments look like?
Kerry Washington is finally going to get to star in a romantic comedy , in which she will hopefully be wooed by someone more worthy than Fitzgerald Grant.
An interesting discussion of how arts organizations should think about maintaining their relationships with their existing audiences and growing new ones.

Igniting Entrepreneurship in Unexpected Places: An Interview With Sara Anjargolian of Impact Hub Yerevanreddit
About a year ago, I found myself sitting in the least desirable seat on the plane - the middle of the middle on a massive airliner directly in front of the restroom.  On my left was a man in a grey undershirt, understated in appearance.  Meanwhile his posture was one of dignity and pride.  As I took in the scene, other travelers on the airplane walked down the aisle, pausing to stare at the man next to me, continuing on their walk, and then turning around to stare again.  After two or three passengers stopped to stare, I couldn't help but ask, "Who are you?"
It turns out my neighbor was Raffi Hovannisian, the first Foreign Minister of Armenia and founding leader of the national liberal Heritage party, founder of the Armenian Center for National and International Studies, Armenia's first independent research center.  So what did Raffi and I have in common besides both ordering the lasagna dinner?
Raffi and I had a highly enriching conversation about a topic we both care about: social entrepreneurship.   Our dialogue ultimately led to my visit in Armenia a year later to soak in the social entrepreneurship scene and develop strategic partnerships for The Global Good Fund , the social enterprise I work for.
During my visit, I explored a variety of mediums and key societal leverage points that reinforce social entrepreneurship - from Junior Achievement to the Green Bean, the UN to USAID and the State Department, I discovered that Armenia - and Yerevan in particular - is ripe with opportunity for social entrepreneurs.  It's an emerging ecosystem, one that would benefit from global visibility of the social enterprise foundation that is forming. Particularly compelling are the individual stories of people, often from the Armenian diaspora, who are returning home to invest in societal impact through entrepreneurship.
I had the distinct pleasure of meeting one such individual, Sara Anjargolian, an attorney and multimedia journalist, whose story is inspiring and beautifully illustrates the power and potential of social entrepreneurship.
Sara grew up in Los Angeles, California, where there is a large Armenian community, and learned to speak the language and invest in the culture.  Sara was determined to eventually move to Armenia and contribute to the country's redevelopment.
Fast forward to today.  Sara and four co-founders - Vahe Keushguerian, Raffi Kassarjian, Audrey Selian and Narineh Mirzaeian - are launching Impact Hub Yerevan , Armenia's first physical space for entrepreneurs to foster innovation and collaboration. I had the pleasure of getting to know Sara, learning about her motivations to accelerate social change in Armenia and listening to her plans for Impact Hub Yerevan.
Here is our interview. I hope you enjoy what Sara shares.
Please tell me about your background:
Sure. I was born in London and spent the first six years of my life in Tehran. My father is Iranian-Armenian and my mother is Iraqi-Armenian (Armenians have lived as Christian minorities in countries like Iran and Iraq and around the globe for centuries). My parents met in the UK where they were both completing PhDs - my dad in electrical engineering and my mom in microbiology and cancer research. After my birth, we moved to Tehran where my father's family was residing. In 1980-81, as the Iranian revolution was reaching its peak, we moved to Los Angeles.
I grew up in suburban L.A., went to UCLA for my undergraduate degree in political science/public policy, and then went on to Berkeley's Boalt Hall for law school. My first job out of law school was with the Department of Justice (DoJ) in DC. After a few years with DoJ, I was itching for a grand adventure, so I applied for and was granted a Fulbright scholarship to Armenia.  I moved here in 2002.
My Fulbright research focused on analysis of due process and rule of law in Armenia. During my Fulbright, I also began to discover the power of visual imagery and multimedia journalism to raise awareness and inspire action. I stayed in Armenia after completing my Fulbright for two and a half years, straddling two exciting worlds - I worked with Bars Media (a documentary film studio in Yerevan) and served as Associate Professor and Assistant Dean of the American University of Armenia law department.
Around the end of 2004, I felt it was time to move back to Los Angeles and resume my legal career. I began working as a policy advisor to the Los Angeles City Attorney and had the opportunity to work on safety issues in neighborhoods around Los Angeles and formulate the City Attorney's policy objectives. I stayed with the City for about seven years and grew tremendously during that time, both as an attorney and as a professional, but something was missing. I had kept my ties with Armenia strong and spent all my vacation time returning to Armenia on short term projects.
Something about working in Armenia had stayed with me since my Fulbright days and in 2012 I decided to move back, this time with the intention of being part of the nation's growing civil society and the wave of social change taking root in the country.
Many of us living in Armenia today and our compatriots within the Armenian Diaspora have ideas for making the country and the world a better place, but where does one go to make them happen? This is where Impact Hub Yerevan comes in.
What inspired you to build Impact Hub Yerevan?
The time is right in Yerevan. It is a city of 1 million in a country of 3 million in a world of 10 million Armenians. The narrative of the country is itching to shift from "it cannot be done" to "yes, it can be done."
Now, 24-years after independence, a new generation who never knew the Soviet Union is dusting off the cobwebs of its parents' generations and is taking responsibility for its own fate. The 20- to 30-something generation in Armenia is bold, globally connected and locally invested, they refuse to accept the "that's just the way it is here" excuse. Moreover, although seven of the ten million ethnic Armenians worldwide live outside the Republic of Armenia, hundreds of thousands of members of the large and influential Armenian Diaspora engage with the country on a multitude of levels - investing financially, philanthropically, intellectually and emotionally.
Hub Yerevan is, therefore, in a unique position to draw on professionals from all over the world - from Buenos Aires, Los Angeles, Boston, San Francisco, Paris, Moscow, Beirut - just to name a few of the cities where sizable Armenian communities reside. Impact Hub Yerevan will serve not only the best and brightest innovators and creators inside the country, but will act as a bridge and a conduit between changemakers in the Diaspora and their counterparts inside Armenia.
We have an impressive founding team which includes Vahe Keushguerian , Raffi Kassarjian , Narineh Mirzaeian , and Audrey Selian , who is involved with the Advisory Committees of the Global Impact Hub. We are a team of individuals with a shared vision consisting of equal parts dream, skill and professionalism. Together we hold an unwavering desire to see the country prosper and possess a strong track record of personal and professional achievements. Take a minute to Google these folks, you'll be blown away by their backgrounds and accomplishments.
What are your goals for Impact Hub Yerevan? What benefits will emerge from building Impact Hub Yerevan, both in Armenia and locally in Yerevan?
Like a greenhouse for great ideas, Impact Hub Yerevan is where entrepreneurs and innovators grow their social impact projects and businesses from concept to implementation to impact. Within our shared workspace, the goal is to offer thought-provoking programming and educational events, to house and inspire a community of entrepreneurs, thinkers, creatives, community builders, investors, policymakers, developers, artists and many others - all collaborating toward a more successful Armenia and a better world.
The benefits?
1) Establish entrepreneurship as an essential social impact driver in Armenia and the Caucasus.
2) Educate and empower the next generation of social entrepreneurs with the knowledge and skills required in today's markets.
3) Put into action the top ideas, systems and technologies developed, thereby creating new companies, organizations and jobs, while firmly connecting Armenia with global networks of innovators and changemakers.
4) Connect and foster impact projects between social entrepreneurs/innovators in Armenia and their counterparts within the Armenian Diaspora.
5) Challenge over-dependence on the State and over-reliance on international aid and grants and encourage models with long-term financial sustainability.
You mention that Impact Hub Yerevan is based on the Impact Hub global structure, yet it will be simultaneously rooted in Armenia's local realities. Could you please explain this further?
A Nexis search for "social entrepreneur" yielded 389 english news stories in 2001 and more than 3,000 in 2011. Armenia is solidly riding this wave as well, not because it is the newest business school trend but because our very existence depends on it. In a place where economic options are limited and where an oligarchy has monopolized the major industries leaving little room for entry into key markets the choices left are either recreating oneself through entrepreneurship and innovation, or leaving the country.
In addition, another shift is occurring - Armenia's aid days are coming to an end. Throughout the 1990s crisis period and in the early 2000s, massive amounts of aid were poured into the country. Although humanitarian assistance was crucial during the early days of independence, it is imperative that Armenia now shift away from a focus on charitable initiatives and instead move towards sustainable development. The Armenian Diaspora's appetite for charity has been waning in recent years. Fatigued from pouring money into the country, Diasporans are shifting from blind giving and armchair philanthropy toward investable projects with an expectation of blended (social and financial) return.  These individuals seek to support initiatives that sustain themselves (and Armenia) in the long run. Toward this end, Hub Yerevan co-founder Audrey Selian has begun to establish a community of practice among investors who understand risk and the cost of change through Impact Circle Armenia - an informal online network of impact investors interested in exploring possibilities in Armenia and the region.
On the heels of these transitions, Impact Hub Yerevan comes into existence to provide an inspirational home and a plethora of resources for both our budding entrepreneurs taking ownership of the country, and for those who would like to invest in and support them.
Impact Hub is a innovation lab (in cities across the globe) for social entrepreneurs to collaborate. Why Armenia?
I would say that the main social objective in Armenia is industry creation coupled with a shift toward an empowering narrative of the country.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union, during the early years of independence in the early 1990s, the disintegration of all the major industries, the effects of a devastating earthquake, energy blockades by Turkey and Azerbaijan, and the Nagorno-Karabakh war paralyzed the country economically. Armenia hemorrhaged about one fourth of its population within the first decade.
Despite these challenges, we see great potential within Armenia. What it lacks in natural resources, it makes up in human brainpower. Armenia has the highest level of entrepreneurial activity among the three South Caucasus countries (per a 2013 World Bank report), a 99% literacy rate, and one of the highest number of per capita chess grandmasters in the world. Armenia's highly educated and innovative population is the country's greatest asset. Moreover, although Armenia is ethnically homogeneous, its national identity is made up of a rainbow of hybrid cultures resulting from its worldwide diaspora - French-Armenians, American-Armenians, Latin-American Armenians, Middle Eastern-Armenians, Australian-Armenians and Russian-Armenians. Each group identifies Armenia as its ancestral homeland, and brings to it a kaleidoscope of skills, perspectives and resources. Against this backdrop, the opportunities are significant - for job creation, for innovation and for entrepreneurship as a response to the shortcomings of public service delivery, and for scalable interventions that can be capitalized if the available funding finds the appropriate pipeline. This is where Impact Hub Yerevan comes in.
Yes we are a country with two closed borders and a frozen conflict - the Impact Hub Yerevan community will not be defined by those borders, or by any borders for that matter.
What do you think will be the biggest challenge when you launch Impact Hub Yerevan?
Social entrepreneurship is a new concept in Armenia. Our nation is transitioning from a heavy concentration of NGOs and charities dependent on grants toward an emerging ecosystem comprised of more sustainable social ventures. While there is positive movement toward social entrepreneurship, there is still a great deal of effort that needs to go into educating the general public on the importance of social entrepreneurship and innovation. To address this challenge, Impact Hub Yerevan aims to host a wide variety of educational and networking events for entrepreneurs and innovators as we build our community. Moreover, our Yerevan Hub community will be connected to over 50 Hubs worldwide. The knowledge sharing between Hubs is phenomenal, as intellectual property from one Hub is shared willingly across all Hubs.
For instance, throughout our onboarding process, Impact Hub Yerevan received a great deal of information and support from the Founders of the Hubs in Milan, King's Cross, and Prague, who have served as direct mentors and been extremely generous with their time and wisdom. Our Yerevan team has also visited numerous Hubs around the globe (Athens, San Francisco, Philadelphia, Singapore, Zurich, Geneva, Vienna, London and NYC to name a few), so we have a lot of great organizations to model after.
Please tell me about a few organizations that are making a positive impact in Yerevan:
There are so many fantastic organizations doing important work in Armenia, it's difficult to pick just a few. Specifically in the realm of social innovation and entrepreneurship I'll pick five: UNDP's Kolba Lab, Teach for Armenia, the Homeland Development Initiative Foundation, Saryan Tumanyan and Hive Start.
The first of its kind within the UNDP global network, Kolba is a social venture incubator aimed at identifying social challenges, testing ideas and nurturing ventures. Defining themselves as a community of troublemakers, thinkers and fixers, Kolba facilitates collaboration to address big social challenges by engaging talented people who get stuff done rather than hierarchies of people telling one another what to do.
Based on the Teach for All model which focuses on expanding opportunity around the world by accelerating the impact of social enterprises that are cultivating the leadership necessary for change, Teach for Armenia recruits young professionals with a record of achievement to expand educational opportunities for all children by teaching for two years in schools.
The Homeland Development Initiative Foundation's (HDIF) website banner reads "Jobs in Armenia. Jobs for Women. Jobs in the regions. Jobs using traditional skills. That's all." This tagline sums it up. HDIF's broad-scope goal is the initiation, facilitation, and nurturing of sustainable economic development initiatives in Armenia. Their benchmark is the creation of 1,000 employment opportunities within 5 years. While traditional handicrafts creation and sale is the main vein of the organization, opportunities in tourism and events such as festivals also provide a rich opportunity for sustainable economic ventures.
Founded in 2013, Saryan Tumanyan is a startup incubation initiative and currently home to five of Armenia's most exciting startups. Created to provide mentorship, education and networking opportunities, Saryan Tumanyan seeks to bridge the gap between local startups and international mentors, founders and investors.
Hive Start is the first Armenian virtual network and accelerator for startups and mentors from around the world. Designed to empower Armenian entrepreneurship and promote job creation, Hive focuses on seed investment, acceleration programs, online and offline events and sustaining a mentorship network for members.
I have had the good fortune of working with these organizations which I consider to be forces for positive change in Armenia and beyond.
Follow Carrie Rich on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GlobalGoodFund
More:

India start-up sector poised to take off© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9bd69672-4973-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NCPs western hopes tick awayComments
BJP supporters at Modi’s weekend rally in Tasgaon; split with Sena stands in party’s way. Source: Prashant Nadkar
At a time when the NCP faces its toughest election battle, political formulations in its traditional citadels of western and southern Maharashtra should bring it some hope. For, despite the saffron surge, the party appears set for a credible performance in the sugar belt.
Ever since its inception in 1999, the party’s mainstay has been this region, where senior NCP leaders control a majority of the cooperatives. This belt even withstood the Narendra Modi juggernaut to an extent, giving the NCP all four of its LS MPs.
The party looks well-placed to retain a large majority of the seats it won in 2009 even if it is unable to consolidate further. “The voters of western Maharashtra have always stood by Sharad Pawar. We have high hopes from the region and will see the maximum candidates elected from here,” said NCP spokesperson Ankush Kakade.
Anti-incumbency against the Congress-NCP government, however, is perceptible, as is Narendra Modi’s influence over voters. Still, as senior political analyst Vasant Bhosale says, “The likelihood of division of votes between the Shiv Sena and the BJP in the Maratha-dominated belt has bolstered the NCP’s prospects. Even the Congress could cash in.”
The saffron parties are seeking to make inroads in this belt, where the fight for the top two slots has traditionally been between the NCP and the Congress. “The absence of a strong grassroots network is a serious impediment for both saffron parties,” says Bhosale, pointing out that several candidates of the saffron camp were actually second-rung Congress or NCP leaders who have switched sides.
Caste politics could also come into play. The BJP and the Sena both lack a credible Maratha face. The BJP’s unease with this was visible in Narendra Modi’s invocation of Chhatrapati Shivaji and Bal Thackeray in his first election campaign in the region in Tasgaon, Sangli, on Sunday.
In southern Maharashtra’s districts of Sangli, Satara and Kolhapur, the NCP goes into the final leg of campaigning in pole position to stay number one. In the 2009 polls, the party won nine of the 26 seats in the sub-region. It also bagged the support of three independent legislators, all now contesting on NCP tickets. The Congress finished second, winning five seats and bagging the support of another independent legislator, who too has bagged the Congress’s official ticket this time. The BJP and the Shiv Sena managed four and three respectively.
On the ground, the NCP and the Congress both appear capable of retaining their positions. Several heavyweights including Prithviraj Chavan, Patangrao Kadam, Satej Patil and Sushil Kumar Shinde’s daughter Praniti (all Congress), and NCP heavyweight Jayant Patil, R R Patil, Shashikant Shinde and Shivaji’s descendent Shivendraraje Bhosale, are contesting from this belt.
Pune

Anil Ambani completes PM s clean India challenge  nominates Amitabh Bachchan  Hrithik RoshanOct 08, 2014 at  12:06pm IST
Anil Ambani completes PM's clean India challenge, nominates Amitabh Bachchan, Hrithik Roshan
28
6
Mumbai: Two days after Master blaster Sachin Tendulkar accepted Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Clean India Challenge, industrialist Anil Ambani has picked up a broom urging the nation to follow suit.
He was one of the 9 people nominated by the PM to take the 'Clean India' message forward. Ambani was seen cleaning the streets of Mumbai early on Wednesday morning.
He has in turn nominated 9 other people including actor Amitabh Bachchan, boxer Mary Kom and tennis super star Sania Mirza to take up this challenge. He has also nominated Shobha Dey, Shekhar Gupta, Prasoon Joshi, Hrithik Roshan and southern actor Nagarjuna for the challenge.
#clean india #clean up india #narendra modi #anil ambani
"This is my privilege and honor to be part of the PM Narendra modi call to the nation swachh Bharat Abhiyan. Many of my friends Bombay club who are participating in clean India mission," he said while he nominated nine other names for the challenge.
374

West Bengal Police identify 2 more suspected terrorist hideouts in Burdwan near the blast siteOct 08, 2014 at 12:59pm IST
West Bengal Police identify 2 more suspected terrorist hideouts in Burdwan near the blast site
43
0
Burdwan: The Burdwan Police has identified two more suspected terrorist hideouts in Burdwan within a kilometer radius from the site of the blast that took place on Thursday.
The first hideout, a rented house in the Baburbag area in the outskirts of Burdwan town, was inhabited by four people - two men and two women. All four inhabitants are yet unidentified. The house had been rented a couple of months ago.
The four have gone missing since the day the blast took place at the Khagragarh house. Evidences of burnt documents have been found outside the Baburbag house.
Two suspected militants Shakil Ahmed and Sovan Mandal were killed and another man Hasan Saheb was injured in the explosion on October 2.
#shakil ahmed #sovan mandal #hasan saheb #west bengal
The second suspected hideout is at the Lashkardighi area of Burdwan town. The police have sealed both the suspected houses.
Amidst demand for having an NIA probe into the October 2 blast at a house in Burdwan in West Bengal, government is treading cautiously and weighing political ramifications of the move before making a suo moto decision to hand over the case to a central probe agency.
Senior officials of the Home Ministry said a report of intelligence agencies and from the state government had been received and a decision whether to hand over the case to NIA would be be taken only by Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, who is at present campaigning in Maharashtra and Haryana assembly elections.
Two suspected militants Shakil Ahmed and Sovan Mandal were killed and another man Hasan Saheb was injured in the explosion on October 2. Grenades, chemicals used in making explosives, a book on how to trigger explosion, jihadi literature, a video on jihadi training and a map of important locations in Burdwan district were seized by the CID team from the house.
17

Halifax says house price growth slowingLondon house prices drop for first time in three years
By Sarah O’Connor, Economics Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7e4c250c-4ec0-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Global Economic Growth Worries Send Stocks LowerKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Bangalore: Body of the nine-year-old girl who slipped into drain found59
0
Bangalore: The search for the nine-year-old girl who slipped into an uncovered drain in Bangalore ended on Wednesday with the body of the girl being found at a drain near the Madiwala lake where the storm water drain ultimately culminates.
The body has been uncovered from the drain in a bad state. It has been taken to a nearby hospital for post mortem.
An eight-member team of Natural Disaster Response Force was looking for the girl in the lake. Massive rescue operations had been underway to locate the girl.
An eight-member team of Natural Disaster Response Force was looking for the girl in the lake.
#bangalore #drain #madiwala lake
Nine-year-old Geetha was walking on a pavement with her aunt in South East Bangalore when she slipped and fell through a gap on the concrete slap covering a drain. Heavy rains in the area had caused water logging and the child did not see the gaping hole.
In the past well, a six-year-old boy fell into an uncovered drain flooded with rain water at Lingarajapuram in Bangalore on May 31, 2009. His body could not be located. The same year in September, an 18-month-old boy fell in a drain near Madiwala. In May 2011 again, a 12-year-old boy fell into a storm water drain near Mysore Road.
5

CII HR summit emphasises on skill upgradationCII HR summit emphasises on skill upgradation
V.Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 8:  
The CII Southern Region HR Summit today highlighted the need for skill upgradation to brace for new challenges as India seeks to play a bigger role in the global economy.
Ramachandra N. Galla, Chairman of Amara Raja Group and Vice Chairman of CII Andhra Pradesh, said India has the potential to play a much bigger role in providing highly skilled professionals taking advantage of the demographic advantage of young population.
He said with over 750 million population below the age of 35 years, India has the advantage and needs to work towards capitalising this. This is possible by skill upgradation and a bigger role by companies who can bring about inclusive growth.
He spoke on establishing Amara Raja Batteries in Tirupati without local talent to handle the manufacturing capability and that it took about 10 years for business to gain momentum. He added that it called for a lot of effort from the company in training local people to gear themselves for the new work opportunities.
Nrupender Rao, Chairman of Pennar Industries and Vice Chairman of CII Telangana, said one of the biggest challenges for India is to improve productivity per employee. While the software professionals seem to have matched their counterparts in the West and possibly doing better in terms of output, the manufacturing sector lags way behind in India.
“To address this issue, we need to improve skills for existing employees and also re-skill and upgrade skills of human resource professionals,” he said.
Quoting management guru Peter Drucker, he said, “There is no underdeveloped country in the world, there are only under managed ones.”
With long term projections showing India as poised to emerge the largest economy in the world by 2050, outpacing both US and China, he said skill upgradation was the main issue that would take India through to achieving such growth.
Uma Devaguptapu, Convenor, CII Telangana HR panel, highlighted how the Indian Women Network is rapidly growing across the country and its presence is set to become pan-India soon.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Rent a Nano at just Rs 399/dayRent a Nano at just Rs 399/day
PTI
Carzonrent, Tata Motors inks pact to launch in Delhi/NCR region as part of `Myles City Drive’ initiative
New Delhi, Oct 8:  
Car rental firm Carzonrent and Tata Motors have inked a pact to launch an initiative in the Delhi/NCR region, under which customers would be able to hire a Tata Nano car for self drive at just Rs 399 per day.
As part of the ‘Myles City Drive’ initiative, Tata Motors would supply 200 Tata Nano Twist cars to Carzonrent fleet for self-drive service in the Delhi/NCR region.
“This association with Tata Motors is a step forward on Carzonrent’s endeavour to build long term partnerships with auto manufacturers to develop a dynamic ground mobility landscape in India,” Carzonrent Ltd Managing Director and CEO Rajiv Vij told reporters here.
Under the initiative, Delhi-based Carzonrent would also offer the Nano cars to customers on a hourly basis at Rs 99 and also for a whole month at a rent of Rs 6,999.
Customers would also be able to book the car online as well as rent directly from the company’s 43 operational centres across the Delhi/NCR region.
Vij said the Myles City-Drive with Nano Twist is aimed at empowering customers and to enjoy everyday life a little more.
Commenting on the initiative, Tata Motors Head Institutional Sales Deepankar Tiwari said: “Through this partnership we will reach out to a larger customer base and give them an opportunity to experience the Nano in a self drive avatar.”
Carzonrent, which started Myles (self drive) initiative last year, currently has a fleet of around 600 vehicles under the vertical.
“We started this initiative last year with a fleet of 14 cars. Now the self drive vertical has 600 cars and we expect it to touch 5,000 units by 2016,” Vij said.
The company currently offers various cars ranging from Mahindra e20 to Mercedes-Benz under the self drive initiative across 16 cities in the country.
Elaborating on the ‘Myles City Drive’, Vij said the company would first begin with Delhi/NCR and later expand to other parts of the country.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Focus more on firing at borders than poll rallies  Pawar tells ModiPawar slams PM for focusing too much on Assembly polls
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 12:31 AM IST
Nationalist Congress Party President Sharad Pawar, in a scathing attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi, said it is a matter of serious concern that Modi’s priority is Maharashtra polls and not the repeated ceasefire violations by Pakistan in border areas.
Pawar told Business Standard, “It is surprising that Modi is focusing on the BJP winning more seats when cross-border attacks from Pakistan are rising...”
It is ironical that Modi has no time to appoint a full-time defence minister for the country. Arun Jaitley is holding additional charge of defence ministry, along with finance and corporate affairs. I have no complaint about Jaitley; he is quite capable and efficient.”
Pawar said 17 attacks have taken place so far at the border area. “Yesterday (Tuesday) five civilians were killed, while army jawan Akshay Godbole, from Parbhani in Maharashtra, was killed in a land mine blast. When Pakistan is indulging in these attacks, Modi is busy addressing poll rallies in Maharashtra,” he said.
Pawar said there was nothing wrong in Modi holding rallies in the state for BJP’s success in the polls, but the timing is important. “I have seen former prime ministers, including Jawaharlal Nehru, Indira Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi, Narasimha Rao, A B Vajpayee and Manmohan Singh, addressing four to five poll rallies in Mumbai, Nagpur, Pune, Aurangabad and Nashik. They used to give a broad message. But, Modi is the first prime minister to visit villages and towns to address rallies,” Pawar said.
Pawar reiterated that Modi's preference for campaigning for state Assembly polls instead of dealing with cross-border attacks is a matter of concern.

JK BJP to approach Centre for rehabilitation of border residentsPress Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: October 8, 2014 5:22 pm
In the backdrop of continued ceasefire violations by Pakistani troops and loss of several lives, BJP in Jammu and Kashmir on Wednesday said it will approach the Centre for providing an alternative land to the border residents for their rehabilitation in safer zones.
“Demand of alternative land being raised by the border residents is genuine and BJP would pursue this case at appropriate platform,” general secretary of the state unit of BJP, Bali Bhagat, said.
He said that the party has decided to take up this issue with the Union Government.
“We have also asked the state government to provide alternative land to the border residents at safer zones because Pakistani soldiers are repeatedly targeting civilian population,” Bhagat, said.
The BJP leader visited Kanachak belt along with some other partymen and met people affected by the shelling from Pakistan.
Bhagat also visited houses of some people, including that of Ram Lal at Dub Sooden camp of 1971 refugees.
Lal lost three cows due to the shelling from across the border. The hapless family is on the verge of starvation because they were earning their livelihood by selling milk of these cows.
“It is high-time to teach Pakistan a lesson for killing civilians on this side of the border,” Bhagat said.

Supreme Court to hear arguments over whether workers should be paid for time spent going through employee anti-theft checks.
Smart City to be developed under PPP model: ...Narendra Modi
(Govt today said its ambitious…)
NEW DELHI: Government today said its ambitious Smart City project will be developed with active private participation and some hilly regions will be part of the scheme.
"We are in the process of identifying cities to be part of the Smart City project and the process will be completed in a month," Urban Development Secretary Girish Shankar said here.
NDA government's first budget has announced a mega project of developing 100 smart cities with modern amenities over the years.
Banking on private investment, Shankar said the project will be executed in PPP model and the government will contribute as viable gap funding (VGF) for the project.
Asked how much will be the VGF, he said it is being worked out.
"There is a tremendous interest generated over the project and now every city wants to become part of the Smart city project," he said, adding, "while majority of existing cities will be developed as Smart City, some new cities will also be carved out of the hilly regions to be part of the project."
As per the plan, five to six places in hilly areas will be developed as Smart City.
"All our existing hill stations were developed by Britishers only and today these places like Mussorie is over crowded. So we are exploring of developing Smart City in these areas as Greenfield project while for the rest it will be Brownfield project," he said.
Greenfield projects are new factories, power plants or airports which are built from scratch while facilities which are modified or upgraded are called Brownfield projects.
Smart City entails facilities like continuous water supply, modern sewerage system, solid waste management and infrastructure development among other advanced facilities.
The total estimate of investment requirements for providing these services is estimated to be around Rs 7.5 lakh crore over 20 years which means it requires Rs 35,000 crore in a year.
Urban local bodies (ULB) are also being asked to introduce reforms to generate additional revenue to be part of the Smart City project.
ULBs have to improve its performances like putting public service online and credit ratings for issuing bonds, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Soon you can switch TV operator without changing set-topboxPrint
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 6:51 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 6:52 pm
Soon, Indian TV viewers would have the advantage of mobile portability where the consumer is free to choose the provider and switch to another one.
Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar said here Wednesday that the ministry is working towards bringing in “interoperability” to the Set Top Boxes whereby customers would be able to change their service providers by just putting in a new card instead of having to buy a new Set Top Box every time.
Chairing the first meeting of the Task Force for Cable Digitization for phases three and four at Vigyan Bhavan, the minister stressed that the customer should get full benefit of digitization with high quality picture and good service and all at affordable prices.
Javadekar said that Phase III would be over by end 2015 and Phase IV by 2016 end.
The two phases would see the cable TV digitization process spreading towards villages.
He said the Task Force would meet regularly with representatives of all stakeholders, including the service providers and consumers, and also monitor the progress of the digitisation.
He said the process of cable TV digitization is part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s dream of a Digital India and “we will go ahead full speed”.
“Like the portability of the mobile phone, the viewers should also have similar options with the Set Top Boxes. They should be able to put in any card of choice (of service provider) on the Set Top Box,” he said.
The Task Force is to deliberate on ways to bring in interoperability to the STBs, he added.
He also urged that STBs should be affordably priced for the benefit of the consumer.
He said that domestic manufacturers can produce the boxes at competitive rates with the telecom ministry having declared the equipment as Telecom Network Equipment.
He said with this move, for which he said Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad had moved very fast to get it done, the manufacturers would get a level playing field with the foreign manufacturers. For phases I and II, the STBs had been mostly imported.
Javadekar said that 16 crore TV sets would have been digitized by the end of the fourth phase.
Under the earlier plan for digitization, the third phase was to end by September this year and the fourth phase by Dec 31, 2014.
The total number of TV households in India is around 160 million. The first and second phases of cable digitization covered all the metros and 38 cities with a population of over one million.

Bowl within the rules  Muttiah Muralitharan urgesbowlersPress Trust of India | Sharjah | Posted: October 8, 2014 6:42 pm
Sri Lanka’s world record holder Muttiah Muralitharan, once called for chucking during his controversial career, on  urged bowlers around the world to bowl within the rules or else change their actions.
The 42-year-old joined the debate whether the process adopted by the International Cricket Council (ICC) in its crackdown on bowlers with suspect actions will diminish the art of spin bowling, a craft which fetched him 800 wickets in Tests and 534 in one-dayers — both records.
In July the ICC launched a crackdown on bowlers with suspect actions, suspending Sri Lanka’s Sachitra Senanayake, New Zealand’s Kane Williamson and Pakistan’s high profile bowler Saeed Ajmal.
Zimbabwe’s Prosper Utseya and the Bangladeshi duo of Sohag Gazi and Al-Amin Hossan were also reported for suspect actions last month.
Apart from paceman Hossain, all other bowlers are off-spinners and some of them bowl the controversial “doosra,” a delivery which turns the other way compared to the normal off-breaks.
Under ICC rules — implemented in 2006 after controversy over Muralitharan’s doosra — bowlers are allowed to straighten their arms by 15 degree, established as the point at which any straightening will become visible to the naked eye.
But both Ajmal and Senanayake went close to 43 degrees during their assessments in a bio-mechanic lab and need remedial work to get clearance.
Muralitharan stressed that bowlers should follow the rules.
“The law was set long time ago,” Muralitharan told the media. “It says 15 degrees (is allowed). If the law has said that any bowler is suspect, umpires can’t call him but they can report him and bowlers have to go for a reviewing test.
“The law was already there when I was playing so you have to go and test and see. If you come under 15 you are legal if you go over that you have to work on your action that is the basic need.
“It is not up to other people to judge because the law is there and I also faced same problem and I also went for testing and my action came lower than that.”
Australian umpire Darrell Hair called Muralitharan for throwing in a Test in Australia in 1995 and Ross Emerson followed suit three years later.
In 2004 Muralitharan was ordered not to bowl the doosra, invented by his Pakistan contemporary Saqlain Mushtaq.Asked if it was possible to bowl the doosra within the rules, Muralitharan said: “I have been tested so many times but I do bowl with 10.4 so I have bowled it and showed that it could work because it depends on the bowler how they do and if you ask Saqlain he will say the same thing.”
Muralitharan said Ajmal can overcome his bowling action flaws.
“Definitely if you work two to three months. He is working with Saqlain and he will give tips to him and he can work on it.
Muralitharan, now working as spin consultant for Australia in their continued…
Life is all about moving forward and not thinking backwards and saying he has done me that, I am going to be harsh to him

Forces fully ready to respond to Pak provocation: India tells UN as ceasefire violationscontinuePrint
An injured man is brought on a stretcher for treatment at the government medical college hospital following firing by Pakistani troops across the India Pakistan border at Jora farm in Jammu. (Source: AP photo)
Press Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: October 8, 2014 6:24 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 6:46 pm
India and Pakistan have sparred at the UN over ceasefire violations along the LoC with India making it clear that its armed forces are “fully ready” to respond to “ provocation”.
India also said that the onus of creating a positive environment for normalisation of relations is on Pakistan.
War of words between the two countries over the situation at the Line of Control took place on Tuesday at the UN General Assembly where India said that it was a “matter of deep regret” that Pakistan violated the ceasefire, in which eight people were killed and several others injured.
“It is a matter of deep regret that Pakistan has violated the ceasefire and their unprovoked firing has led to loss of civilian lives on Indian side…Firing on innocent civilians by Pakistan will only hamper normalisation of relations.
“The onus of creating a positive environment is on Pakistan which is utterly failing to do so,” senior official at the Indian Mission to the UN, Devesh Uttam said on Tuesday in his right of reply to Pakistan’s remarks.
Relatives of Rajesh Kumar, who was killed in mortar shell firing allegedly from the Pakistan’s side, weep inside their residential house at Masha da kothe village, in Arnia Sector. (Source: AP photo)
The Indian official stressed that everyone must be “assured” that India’s armed forces and paramilitary forces are “fully ready and they will respond to provocation”.
The Indian diplomat was responding to comments made by Pakistan’s Permanent Representative to the UN Masood Khan when he raised the issue of Jammu and Kashmir during the 21st plenary meeting of the General Assembly here on Tuesday.
Khan said that long-standing festering issues “cannot be swept under the carpet,” reiterating Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif’s address to the UN General Assembly last month that the core issue of Jammu and Kashmir has to be be resolved through negotiations and in accordance with the wishes of its people.
Voicing concern over the recent escalation of the ceasefire violations along the LoC by Indian security forces, Khan called on the Indian Government to immediately cease fire to preserve tranquility at the border.

Canon launches PowerShot SX 520 HS camera at Rs17 995Canon PowerShot SX 520 HS features a 42x optical zoom (24-1008mm) and 24mm wide-angle lens along with a 16 MP CMOS sensor.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 6:23 pm
Canon has launched another camera in its SX series called PowerShot SX 520 HS. The camera features a 42x optical zoom (24-1008mm) and 24mm wide-angle lens along with a 16 MP CMOS sensor combined with the Canon DIGIC 4+ Image processor. The PowerShot SX 520 HS is launched at a price of Rs 17,995 and is available on Amazon.in at a discounted price of Rs 16,990.
It offers 1080p Full HD video recording with a dedicated movie button and zoom while shooting. Other key features advanced zoom framing assist and high speed AF. Canon claims that the advanced zoom framing assist feature helps to track and maintain optimum clarity of the subject in focus within the frame and works in two ways – seek assist and auto zoom.
The Seek Assist function enable users to search for a subject when it goes out of frame by zooming out and reverting to the original zoom level upon locating the subject. The auto zoom function automatically adjusts the zoom level to maintain the same subject’s size and focus as it moves closer to or further from the camera.
The PowerShot SX520 HS is designed with an accessible mode dial similar to the ones on Canon’s EOS DSLR cameras. The PowerShot SX520 HS’s Creative Shot function comes with 46 different filters. When activated, the camera analyzes a scene and automatically selects the most suitable filters for the shot. With this function, five different looks will be generated in addition to the original shot. Users can choose their desired look for the shots from categories such as Retro, Monochrome, Special or Natural and the PowerShot SX520 HS will apply filters within that selected category.
The PowerShot SX520 HS is capable of recording videos in Full HD resolution with a frame rate of 30p.

Amitabh Bachchan tells tales of brother Ajitabh onTVBig B got nostalgic and shared fond memories of his relationship with his younger brother, said a source from the set.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 6:11 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 6:16 pm
Sibling love on “Kaun Banega Crorepati” moved its host Amitabh Bachchan so much that he shared some fun anecdotes about his brother Ajitabh with the audience.
On the ‘Jodi Special’ episode of the show, when Delhi-based brothers Achin and Sarthak Narula, who hit the jackpot of Rs.7 crore, shared about their brotherly bond, Big B also got nostalgic and shared fond memories of his relationship with his younger brother, said a source from the set.
He said it was Ajitabh who had clicked his first photograph when they were in Kolkata and incidentally, that was the same photograph, which he had circulated to all producers when he decided to become an actor.
He also said that his brother was the one who encouraged him to enter Bollywood and he is really grateful to him for his unconditional support.
“Kaun Banega Crorepati” is aired on Sony Entertainment Television.

Obama takes heat from Carter  Panetta on Islamic StateBy Jose A. DelReal October 8 Follow jdelreal
 
President Barack Obama is facing criticisms from within his own party on the rise of the Islamic State. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
President Obama has drawn plenty of flak over his response to Islamic State from Republican critics, many of whom are eager to paint the group's growing influence as a foreign policy failure in the runup to next month's elections. But now the president is beginning to hear it from within his party's ranks.
Former President Jimmy Carter, in an interview published in the Fort Worth Star-Telegram on Tuesday, faulted Obama for moving too slowly and allowing the threat to expand throughout the region.
“First of all, we waited too long. We let the Islamic State build up its money, capability and strength and weapons while it was still in Syria,” Carter said. “Then when [the Islamic State] moved into Iraq, the Sunni Muslims didn’t object to their being there and about a third of the territory in Iraq was abandoned.”
Carter added that former cabinet officials have criticized the president's "lack of positive action" on the issue.
Former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, who is promoting his new book, "Worthy Fights," has also taken a critical view of the administration's policies in the Middle East.
"I think when we stepped out of Iraq, in many ways, we created this vacuum in which not a lot of attention was paid to what was happening in Iraq or what was happening in Syria with the extremists who were developing a base of operations there," Panetta told NBC news Tuesday.
 

Were counting the worlds unconnected billions all wrongThe Next Billion
October 8, 2014
One hundred is a deceptive number. In the rich world, mobile phone penetration, measured by the number of active SIM cards, exceeds 100%. That would imply that not only does every man, woman, and child have a mobile phone, but that some of them have two. In fact, the real rate of penetration , even in the developed world, is closer to 80%.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Measuring internet penetration seems at first more straightforward. This is calculated as the number of internet users per 100 people in any given country, not the number of internet connections. It paints a truer picture of individuals online. So it should be easy to compare one country to another: If one country has 64% of its population online and another country has 90%, it seems as though one of them is lagging behind.
But the neat 0 to 100 scale hides the differences in the demographic make-up of different countries. An exhaustive new report from McKinsey on barriers to internet adoption makes the point succinctly:
The maximum theoretical limit for this output metric is 100 percent, but that assumes that all individuals, including new-born children, are capable of directly accessing the Internet. A more realistic estimate of saturation should take into account the age distribution of the population.
The very young and the very old are unlikely to be true internet users. (Just because your great-grandmother once Skyped with your infant son doesn’t make either one of them an internet user.) Some countries, such as Japan, have many more very old people. Others, such as Nigeria or India, have a large population of young people.
How then to figure out what really counts as full internet penetration? Kara Sprague, a partner at McKinsey’s San Francisco office and one of the authors of the report, says “it is difficult to come up with a hard and fast rule” to calculate what “full” penetration would mean in different countries, since it depends on a variety of demographic and other factors. But it is important to remember that one country’s 60% could very well mean another country’s 90%.
Share this:

US Congress names 3 Indian firms in probe against drug price riseSun, Dr Reddy's, Cadila named in US Congress price probe
Digbijay Mishra & Sushmi Dey | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 12:59 AM IST
The US Congress seems to have gone on the offensive against 14 generic drug manufacturers, including three top Indian firms — Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, Dr Reddy’s Laboratories and Cadila Healthcare — following an abnormal rise in prices of 10 generic medicines.
On October 2, a day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s return from America, the Congress initiated a probe and wrote to these firms, seeking details about recent hikes in prices of several generic products available in the US market.
Industry officials maintain there is no provision under law by which the Congress could conduct such investigation. But the development is significant, especially against the backdrop of a continuing tussle between India and the US over issues related to intellectual property rights (IPR) and the American regulator increasing enforcements on Indian firms.
On April 30, the US’ Special 301 report, an annual review of the global state of IPR protection and enforcement, had classified India as a ‘priority watch-list country’. Issues around IPR, particularly for pharmaceutical and information technology products, were top on Modi’s agenda during his US visit.
Unlike India, the US is a free market for pharmaceutical pricing. Drug prices there are essentially governed by competition. Besides, insurance firms negotiate for those with drug manufacturers. However, there is no restriction or cap on prices of either generic products or new and innovative medicines, experts explained.
The US Congress’ letters to drug makers have pointed out that prices of 10 generic products were raised by 40 to 83 times between October 2013 and April this year, and asked the companies to give detailed information on the matter.
“We are conducting an investigation into the recent staggering price increases for generic drugs used to treat everything from common medical conditions to life-threatening illnesses,” said the letters, addressed to senior management executives of these companies. Apart from the three Indian companies, the investigation includes Teva, Mylan, Actavis, Apotex, Endo, Global Pharmaceuticals, Heritage Pharmaceuticals, Lannett Company, Marathon Pharmaceuticals, PAR Pharmaceutical Companies Inc and West Ward Pharmaceutical Corp.
The development had a rub-off on the Indian pharma companies' stocks, which mostly traded in the red on BSE on Wednesday. Dr Reddy's shares shed about four per cent of their value to close at Rs 2,963.65 apiece, while the Sun Pharma scrip declined about two per cent from its previous close to end at Rs 198.90.
Though the Congress letters have indicated a deadline of October 23, a top executive of one of the Indian drug firms said companies were not obliged to give any detail sought by the American Parliament body.
A spokesperson for Dr Reddy's Labs said the company was not selling in the US market one of the products listed by the Congress, while it had not raised the price of the other drug. "We are okay with our position and we will respond to them within the mentioned deadline," the spokesperson said.
The Congress has sought details like companies' total gross revenue from these drugs; dates, quantities, purchasers and prices for sale of these drugs; besides profit projections and other information.
Indian drug makers have lately faced stringent enforcements in the US, the world's largest pharmaceutical market. Several manufacturing facilities of leading companies like Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma, Wockhardt and Strides Arcolab have come under the scanner of the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) for compliance-related issues. The frequency of regulatory inspections of Indian plants has also increased significantly in the past few years.
While norms in India have also become relatively strict in recent years, Indian regulators and the government are still far from matching the US and European standards. After a directive by the Supreme Court, the Indian drug regulator, as well as the health ministry, has adopted a cautious approach in approving new medicines and clinical trials. But the government's approach in dealing with the prices of imported medicines and checking the quality of drugs available in the domestic market remains lenient.
Even in the case of compulsory licensing, the government has so far not invoked any, despite several recommendations from the health ministry. The single compulsory licence for the generic version of Nexavar was also granted by the patent controller.
SUPER REGULATOR?
AMBIT: The Congressional investigation seeks information like total gross revenue of the companies concerned from sale of the drugs in question
 
FINER DETAILS: The probe also seeks dates, quantities, purchasers, prices paid, profit projections and pricing in other markets
 
COMPANIES: Letters have been sent to 14 firms, including Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy’s, Cadila, Actavis Plc, Apotex Corp, Endo International, Global Pharmaceuticals, Heritage Pharmaceuticals and Lannett Company
 
PRICE HIKES: The US Congress has pointed out hikes of 40 to 83 times in prices of 10 products —Sun Pharma, for example, is said to have raised the prices of Doxycycline Hyclate by about 83 times and Albuterol Sulfate by 41 times in the October 2013 to April 2014 period
 
REPLIES: Sought from the companies concerned by October 2
HURDLES IN THE US
Indian drug majors’ facilities banned by the US recently
Sep 2008: Ranbaxy’s Paonta Sahib and Batamandi (Himachal Pradesh) and Dewas (Madhya Pradesh) facilities; US FDA also banned 30 drugs
2013
May: Wockhardt’s Waluj unit in Aurangabad (Maharashtra)
 
Jun: RPG Life Sciences’ units in Ankleshwar (Gujarat) and Maharashtra
 
Sep: Ranbaxy’s plants in Mohali (Punjab)
 
Nov: Wockhardt’s Chikalthana plant in Aurangabad (Maharashtra)
2014
Jan: Supplies from Ranbaxy’s active pharmaceutical ingredient unit in Toansa (Punjab) stopped
 

Links: Ebola  Botox  and shifting for yourselfEMAIL
(Joe Raedle/Getty Images)
“Gosh,” you might be thinking. “What’s a good way to profit from the Ebola outbreak, which has killed about 3,500 people and possibly spread to Spain?” Wall Street is one step ahead of you, pushing up the price of hazmat suit maker Lakeland Industries 91% this year .
Costco profit rose 13% in the third quarter on stronger sales and fee revenue.
Warren Buffett says he’s puzzled by the slow rebound in home construction . “You would think that people would be lining up now to get mortgages to buy a home,” Buffett said today at a conference hosted by Fortune magazine in Laguna Niguel, Calif. He might want to talk to former Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke about that.
Here’s a look at the mortgage refinance index, which has, indeed, flatlined . (Via Calculated Risk ).
Valeant and Pershing Square are going to raise their offer for Allergan, maker of Botox , to $191 a share, or $60 billion in cash and stock.
Wall Street companies earned $8.7 billion in profit the first half of the year, a 13% decline from the same period a year earlier. The main reason: The companies broke the law in the runup to the financial crisis , resulting in massive fines.

Bill Gross departure watershed for credit: Ablin
DCB Bank sets issue price of QIP at discounted Rs 82.15/shareThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Amazon launches online home appliances storeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bhel bags Rs 7 800 crore contract for power projectThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Huge potential for upmove...have patiience...ntpc had planned to buy s...Platinum Member
187 Followers
Chill dude. Don`t get so frustrated. I never said nifty will touch 6000 or so. It`s again a figment of your imagination! Action-reaction, morning u said gap up has been filled..do you even know or understand what you are saying! You have been saying the same about JP Power even when it was at 20 saying buy for 25.. so decide yourself and before that think twice before anything that you type! And keep wishing! lol

Mr. sukhani story is like earlier zee tv (mr. chandra) v/sjspl (mr. na...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Mmr-yes ur right.but two r different.if we assume pd is post fy15-16ep...Gold Member
21 Followers
mmr-yes ur right.but two r different.if we assume pd is post fy15-16eps90 then where it can go? top&bottom line is also good expected.
ob is like a westlife kind of story.
7.30 PM Oct 8th  | Track

4363 on nasdaq......and 9000 on dax.........if both these levels fail ...Platinum Member
763 Followers
the volatility isn`t such a good sign but really can`t predict where this is going . ,US might even start a small correction , It`s making lower lows , lower highs for short term . As long as it`s below 17k , it can go back down by 200 points again anyday
12.34 AM Oct 9th

BlackBerry: Indians perceive smartphones as enhancing productivityE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fall in crude oil  weak refining margins to hurt RIL s Q2 showFall in crude prices, weak refining margins to hurt RIL's Q2 results
Malini Bhupta | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 09:36 PM IST
The September quarter has been volatile for the oil and gas sector, as crude oil prices continued to decline. Lower crude oil prices are good for the government’s exchequer but not for complex refiners such as Reliance Industries. The company is expected to report a modest two or three per cent increase in its net profit year-on-year (y-o-y), driven by lower crude prices and weak refining margins. Though margins in the petrochemical business are expected to improve, weak performance of the refining segment would offset the gains, say analysts. Over several quarters, robust performance of the refining segment has driven earnings growth.
The September quarter is likely to see muted earnings growth, as all the key factors that impact refining margins had underperformed. Product cracks (differential between price of crude and petroleum products) declined. Brent crude dropped seven per cent y-o-y to average $102 a barrel, and the benchmark Singapore gross refining margin (GRM) fell 19 per cent sequentially to $4.7 a barrel. Also, the difference between light and heavy crude narrowed sequentially, which would impact the margins of complex refiners.
Given that the outlook on crude oil remains muted, analysts expect the Singapore GRMs to remain between $6 and $8 a barrel. Some believe the fall in RIL’s GRMs might not be as high as 20 per cent because it will continue to gain from the light-heavy differential. Antique Stock Broking is estimating RIL’s GRM to fall seven per cent quarter-on-quarter to $8.1 a barrel, against a 20 per cent drop in benchmark margins on favourable light-heavy spread.
For Reliance, the issue of gas price increase also remains unresolved. While a segment of the Street is factoring in an increase from the second half of FY15, others believe an increase will be effective only from FY16. Though several brokerages are bullish on the stock, thanks to the massive $13-billion capital expenditure lined up to expand refining and petchem capacity, the company’s earnings cycle will only accelerate from FY17.
Motilal Oswal Securities has a neutral rating on the stock, as the next earnings growth phase is still some time away (FY17), when its new core business/exploration & production (E&P) projects get commissioned. HDFC Securities, on the other hand, believes the current price factors in most of the negatives related to the E&P business. The brokerage believes while FY15/16 should see the initial benefits of capacity adds in polyester and intermediates, FY17 could see a quantum shift.

Bajaj Finance bets on HFC hive-off and festive demandBajaj Finance bets on HFC hive-off and festive demand
Sheetal Agarwal | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 09:35 PM IST
Bajaj Finance’s share price is on the rise, thanks to continued strength in its core business of consumer durables financing (about 40 per cent of the total assets under management) and expectations of better demand in the ongoing festive season.
Besides, the company's plan (announced last month) to hive off its housing finance (HFC) business into a separate company, registered under the National Housing Bank (NHB), will bring multiple benefits. Not surprisingly, its stock made a new high of Rs 2,812.85 on October 1 and has outpaced the BSE Sensex and most of its peers in the past month.
First, Bajaj Finance's cost of funding is likely to reduce, given that the HFC will also be eligible to get refinancing from NHB, as well as for external commercial borrowings (ECBs). Second, an HFC can maintain tier-I capital of less than 10 per cent as against above 12 per cent required for Bajaj Finance. The HFC would also be eligible for tax benefits under section 36(1) (viiia), which would improve profitability.
“Setting up of a separate housing finance company is likely to enhance Bajaj Finance’s return on equity from the home loan business from eight per cent under the NBFC structure to about 23 per cent under the HFC structure,” says Sampath Kumar, analyst, IIFL. He expects Bajaj Finance to post a 25 per cent earnings and 30 per cent assets under management compound annual growth rate (CAGR) over FY14-17.
Bajaj Finance also enjoys strong asset quality, with gross and net non-performing assets ratios of 1.13 per cent and 0.27 per cent, respectively. This trend is likely to continue. The company plans to focus on the SME (small and medium enterprises) segment and cross-selling products to existing borrowers, besides expanding reach to include more rural areas.
A slower than expected economic recovery and intensifying competition in the housing finance, retail and SME finance segments are potential risks. The strategy of launching new products (such as doctor loans and lifestyle loans) regularly has paid well.
In this backdrop, most analysts remain positive on the company. But, the recent run-up to Rs 2,695 (BSE closing) currently, means the stock trades at 2.4 times the FY16 estimated book value, much higher than its historical average one-year forward price/book ratio of 1.3 times. Thus, long-term investors could await a correction.

Europes economy is crummy. Invest now!By Chris Mayer October 4
(REUTERS/Tony Gentile)
Some investing pros live by the mantra that the best bargains are found in places that have seen a bit of trouble.
Today, that means looking at at Europe, says David Marcus, the co-founder of Evermore Global Advisors who got his start as an assistant to the legendary investor Michael Price.
The idea may seem especially counterintuitive at a time when stocks are selling off due to concerns over weaker economic growth overseas. But Marcus has been buying up European companies and praising the benefits of investing in out-of-favor stocks since 2012, the year he wrote a 16-page white paper titled “Europe: Opportunity of a Generation.”
His bet on the struggling continent is sizable: His fund is now 60 percent invested in European companies. Marcus spoke with Agora Financial recently about getting his start under Price, investing in companies vs. countries and weighing “macro” vs. “micro.”
The interview below has been edited for length and clarity.
Give us some personal background.
David Marcus. (AL Photography)
I’ve been into the stock market since I was a kid. My dad owned a small brokerage firm in New York City. I got lucky that I got to work for Michael Price at Mutual Series basically right out of college.
I went from answering the phones to being an assistant on the trading desk, getting screamed at by Michael. Just learning. Eventually, he gave me my shot as a junior analyst. I worked my way up. And so in 1996, he sold the firm to Franklin Templeton. It became Franklin Mutual.
He anointed people into different roles. I became head of all European investments. By the time Michael left, he sort of handed off to me more than half the firm’s assets to manage or co-manage, which was great.
In 2000, I decided it was time to do my own thing.
What was that?
I partnered with Jan Stenbeck, a Swedish industrialist. He seeded me with $100 million. Jan was a brilliant business banker. His family had started a holding company. He took all of their forestry assets’ cash flows, and he started bidding on U.S. cellular phone licenses back when nobody knew what these things were worth. He was very progressive. So he became a billionaire.
We kicked off our funds, and two years later he died. He was 59. His 24-year-old daughter inherited control of his empire, and she was just starting to work for me as a junior analyst. So you can imagine my junior analyst became my largest investor.
That’s unbelievable.
Crazy. I mean, you could almost make up a story that’s not as crazy as this. But it gives you a point of reference of sort what I’ll tell you about Europe and what we do today.
Then what?
They controlled an asset company called Millicom that’s in emerging-market wireless.
In those days, Millicom had just gone from a $3 billion market cap to a $20 million equity cap. It was careening toward bankruptcy.
Millicom hired me. I restructured the balance sheet. They eventually went from $1 to $100 a share. So I went from being a stock picker to sitting on boards, helping set strategy, getting real operating experience. It was an invaluable time.
How did you come to start Evermore?
Once I felt that the family was in good shape, I wanted to get back to what I love, which is picking stocks. And so in ’04, I partnered with a private-equity group in New York called Reservoir. They seeded me with $50 million, and I had a simple idea. I wanted to build a fund that would take large stakes in little companies in Europe, take board seats, help restructure companies, take a private-equity approach to public companies. I ran that business until ’08 – and made money for investors in all years except for ’08.
We had a tough ’08.
At the depths of the crisis, my partners decided to exit or fire their equity managers. I ended up taking that business. And an old colleague of mine from Franklin Mutual and I got together. Everybody was in fear mode. If you remember, early ’09 was the end of the world. Investors were freaking out.
Our view was when we worked for Michael, we were part of something special. Whether you had $5,000 in the fund or $500 million, Michael took care of the client, the employee and himself as the owner. Everybody was a winner. And we thought why doesn’t anybody do that anymore? So we called Michael, told him the world could use another mutual fund. He agreed. The idea was to go back to our roots. We launched Evermore in January 2010.
Sweden was important to you. Why?
I went to Sweden during their banking crisis in the early ’90s.
Foreign investors had pulled out. They had been burned. They floated the currency for the first time. Investors didn’t know how to deal with the environment. The banks were bust. The government was bailing them out.
And some of the greatest investments I made in my career were during that period.
The banks were dumping real estate into the market as new companies were spinning off little holding companies, which had stakes in other public companies.
And so 20-something years later, you look at those Nordic banks, and some of them are not just the strongest in Europe, they’re the strongest on earth.
What are you seeing as far as investment opportunities in Europe today?
Fast forward to the rest of Europe, and I see a lot of those characteristics, the bailout, the banks going bust, the government is bailing them out, the fears galore about the ECB, EU, collapse, Euro. It’s unbelievable what’s going on in Europe. There’s going to be risks along the way, and there have been. Nothing goes in a straight line. But for what we look for – breakups, spinoffs, restructuring, turnarounds – Europe is chock full of it. And it’s exploding. And I mean that in a good way.
How are companies responding?
People have been questioning the EU and the ECB. But the fact is this harmonization of rules and regulations is forcing companies to transform. In the olden days, the French government would just bail out companies over and over and over and over. You can’t do that anymore with the EU. And so they have to actually fix themselves, funny enough. And so you’re seeing plant closures.
You’re seeing shareholders putting pressure on boards, boards putting pressure on management teams. You’re just seeing a proliferation of unwillingness to accept excuses. And that bodes well for what we do.
Is this across the board in Europe? Are you looking more in Northern Europe, avoiding Southern?
It’s across the board. But I will tell you, it’s not every company. First of all, it’s important to remember we’re investing in companies, not countries. Because at the beginning of this, the countries were not getting their acts together quick enough. But the companies were doing the right things. Now, you have a low-growth environment, and so it is across the board.
I was thinking about this the other day. I think the best opportunities for us are staying in Germany, one of the best positioned countries in Europe.
If it wasn’t for what [Chancellor Angela] Merkel was doing, it probably would have collapsed. I think she single-handedly saved them. At the other end of the spectrum, you have Spain. High unemployment, real crisis, companies laying off left and right, banks having problems. And yet, I believe that the opportunities are throughout. I think that we can go to the developed European markets, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Germany, France, Britain, the Nordic Region, and we can do extremely well over time.
When you look at European companies, do you care about their exposure beyond Europe?
We are really attracted to family-controlled business. A lot of investors are not interested because the prevailing wisdom is ‘oh, they’ll never sell the company.’ Well, if you own 40 percent of a company, you might just be a steward of capital holding and collecting your dividends and hoping your kid will take it over, or you might be the guy who says ‘my dad created a lot of value. I think I can create even more value.’
So to answer your question, are they sort of domestic players? Are they international players? It is both. Look, we have extremes. One of our largest holdings is Sky Deutschland, the largest pay TV company in Germany. So 100 percent of their business is Germany, nowhere else. (It is 55 percent controlled by Rupert Murdoch, and he is talking about taking it private and mashing it with British Sky Broadcasting and putting Sky Italia in there and creating sort of a Pan European powerhouse.) When we started buying it two years ago, it was 100 percent Germany, and it still is. And it’s been a great investment.
At the other end of the spectrum, we have a company like Bollore, a family-controlled French conglomerate, 194 year old business.
It’s run by Vincent Bollore. They own the equivalent of Zip Car, called Auto Eva, in Paris. They’re rolling it out. So that could be here in Indianapolis this fall. They have businesses that are the largest distributor of home heating oil in Paris.
They had TV channels and radio stations. They sold all of those to Vivendi. They are now the largest single shareholder, a 5 percent ownership.
Mr. Bollore is the incoming chairman of Vivendi. This guy is worthy of a write-up. Here in the U.S., nobody knows Vincent Bollore. He is a ruthless, aggressive, value creator.
If you dig further into Bollore, you see the company owns the largest collection of ports, container terminals, logistics business throughout Africa. So you buy a French holding company. You’re getting a lot of French assets. Then when you look a little deeper, you see that they have this wonderful collection of African assets.
You have domestic players like Stride Deutschland. Then you have the other players that have assets that are global. So Europe can give you a variety of things.
How much do you worry about the macro on this stuff?
When I started in this business, I never thought about it because if you talked about macro Michael would literally throw you out of the office. He’d say, “Obviously, you don’t know what we do here.”
But even he would tell you today that you have to know what’s going on. And so what we do is we look at the macro as it relates to the micro. If we’re looking at a specific company, we’ll go up, and we’ll go way up. So what can affect this company? Can rates hurt us? Can politics hurt us? Can currencies hurt us? And we really cycle through all of the macro things that can help or hurt the situation once you understand them. We’re not going from the other angle. We don’t say oh, currencies are doing this. Rates are doing that.
We don’t go top down. Look, we’ve had a Russian stock, Asystemo, a great investment for us. We dumped it. Why? It owns the largest telecom operator in Russia and the Ukraine, MCS. And frankly, when I hear the words economic sanctions, valuations probably go out the window for some time. What if they make it so that Visa can’t process transactions in Russia because it’s a U.S. company? I don’t know how that will impact their billing to their customers. And so when we hear things like economic sanctions, my view is we have a nice, long-term gain. We exit it. We move on.
And there’s plenty to move on to?
There are 400 billion euros earmarked for small or midsize businesses for the banks to lend. They’ve gone to a negative environment where you’re penalized for not lending effectively. So you’re lighting the fire underneath the banks’ asses to get the money moving. And does it mean it’s going to go from zero to 100 in one shot? I would promise you it’s not going to happen. But the point is, if the needle just comes off the lowest levels that it’s on, that’s huge.
You’ve got to make big moves. And that’s what people forget. I don’t need to see GDP of 3, 4, 5, 6 percent in those markets. I just need to see if it’s above 1, we’ll be happy. The point is it’s below 1 right now. The growth – it’s a very bad analogy - is like if you’re a 300 pound guy, and you eat a box of donuts, you don’t even notice it. But if you lose 200 pounds, and you’re a 100-pound guy, and you eat a box of doughnuts, it’s noticeable.
What’s the boots on the ground view?
I was in Spain a couple of months ago. And what was interesting was I met CEOs in a whole host of industries.
And a lot of these guys run multidivisional businesses. When you talk to them individually about their companies, they say we’re seeing a pickup in this division or that division. But on the whole, we’re not seeing enough yet. But when you meet with eight or ten or fifteen of these guys, you start to realize that guy is seeing it in two divisions, this guy is seeing it in one, that guy is seeing it in two. And when you add it all up, that’s 15 industries that are inching forward.
Any final comments?
In your whole investment career, you’re going to have a handful of periods where you think everything has come together. And this is one of those great periods where you just have to be invested. Not in everything. It’s a special situations market. I believe we’re in one of those periods like it was in Europe and in Sweden over 20 years ago. Investors were fleeing when they should have been investing. And it feels like that in Europe now.
Mayer is founder and editor of Capital & Crisis, a value investment newsletter. He’s the author of “World right side up: Investing
across six continents.”

India among five nations to build world s largest telescopeUpdated: October 6, 2014 17:53 IST
India among five nations to build world's largest telescope
PTI
AP The construction is expected to be completed by March 2022. Here is an artist's rendition of the Thirty Meter Telescope.
TOPICS
scientific exploration
India along with Japan, the US, China and Canada will start work on the world’s biggest telescope on Hawaii Island that will enable to identify an object as small as coin from a distance of 500 kms.
The 30-meter telescope will be established near the summit of the Mauna Kea volcano with a cost of $1.4 billion.
The construction is expected to be completed by March 2022. Japan is expected to cover about a quarter of the construction costs.
To mark the start of construction, 100 astronomers and officials from the five countries are scheduled to attend a ceremony on October 7 at a location 4,012 meters high on Mount Mauna Kea.
The telescope will be larger than Japan’s Subaru Telescope, one of the world’s biggest, which was also built on the summit of Mauna Kea and started observation in 1999.
The Subaru Telescope’s single main mirror measures 8.2 meters in diameter, while the new telescope will be composed of 492 hexagonal mirrors, each measuring 72 cm across.
The telescope’s light-condensing capabilities will be 13 times greater than the Subaru telescope’s, enabling the identification of an object as small as a coin from a distance equivalent to 500 kms.
Astronomer Masanori Ie, a professor at the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan who leads the Japanese team on the project, said the new telescope will broaden the understanding of the cosmos.
A telescope with greater light-condensing capabilities can search for stars that are less bright or farther from Earth. The most distant and oldest star observed to date was born some 800 million years after the Big Bang.

IMF Says Indian Economy Recovered  to Grow 5.6% This YearYou are here: Home Economy
IMF Says India Economy Recovered, to Grow 5.6% This Year
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 07, 2014 19:50 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
New Delhi: India's economy has recovered from a slump, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said on Tuesday as it hiked its 2014-15 growth forecast to 5.6 per cent, citing better exports and investment prospects under the new Narendra Modi government.
The International Monetary Fund's year-on-year forecast for India's financial year to March 2015 represents a 0.2-percentage-point uptick from its April projection.
The Washington-based fund said in its World Economic Outlook update that the following year would see Asia's third-biggest economy expand 6.4 per cent, unchanged from its previous prediction.
"India has recovered from its relative slump, and, thanks in part to policy and a renewal of (economic) confidence, growth is expected to exceed five percent again," IMF chief economist Olivier Blanchard said in a statement.
The report will come as a boost to the Prime Minister, who took office in May following a landslide election win, promising to revive an economy that grew 4.7 per cent last year, compared with near double-digit expansion a few years ago.
Mr Modi has been seeking to slash red tape, attract global firms to "make in India" and spur a manufacturing sector long eclipsed by that of neighbouring China. The government has also relaxed some foreign investment entry rules.
(Read: 'Make in India' reflects ambition to move ahead in manufacturing: India Inc )
India's economy posted two years of sub-five-per cent growth, the longest slowdown in a quarter century, as the central bank kept interest rates steep to combat stubborn inflation.
But growth rallied to 5.7 per cent year on year in the first quarter from April to June - the best quarterly performance in over two years. ( Read more )
"In India, growth is expected to increase in the rest of 2014 and 2015 as exports and investments continue to pick up and more than offset the effect of an unfavourable monsoon on agriculture," the IMF said.
Economists say India with three quarters of a billion people under the age of 35 needs to return to at least eight-to-nine percent growth to create jobs for millions of young people entering the workforce annually.
India's projected growth is still far slower than that of rival China, the region's largest economy, which is projected to grow by 7.4 per cent this year.
The IMF report is the latest positive news for India after ratings agency Standard & Poor's last month raised its credit outlook to "stable" from "negative" thanks to greater hope of economic reforms under Mr Modi.

Internet operations chief: Snowden disclosures make my job easierBy Nancy Scola October 7 Follow @nancyscola
"I find myself in a unique point" in Internet history, says ICANN president and chief executive Fadi Chehadé. (Flickr photo of the 2012 World Conference on International Telecommunications via a Creative Commons license)
Onetime Bell Labs engineer Fadi Chehadé is president and chief executive of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or ICANN , the 16-year-old California-based nonprofit that acts as something of a switchboard operator charged with maintaining a stable global Internet.
Named to the post in the summer of 2012, Chehadé has seen his tenure marked by drama, from the impact of the Edward Snowden disclosures, to the ending of a U.S. Commerce Department contract for managing part of the Internet's naming system, to a debate over where -- at ICANN? the United Nations? somewhere else? -- decisions about the future of Internet governance should be made.
It's a heady time in Internet governance, Chehadé said in an interview Tuesday from his Los Angeles office. "I find myself in a unique point in history where either we will be able to succeed as a human race, almost, in maintaining the Internet as a platform for solidarity and for economic progress, or, frankly, we will fail," he said, "We break it down, and politicize it, and fragment it to the point where it loses the incredible value it has in bringing us together."
The Switch: We're talking on the first anniversary, to the day, of the Montevideo Statement on the Future of Internet Cooperation , signed by global stakeholders in the wake of the Edward Snowden disclosures to protest National Security Agency monitoring. What's different today than it was a year ago?
Fadi Chehadé: The global community was definitely energized by that statement to start the march toward what I would call a working ecosystem of Internet governance that is rooted in two principles: first, that we want Internet governance in a distribute, polycentric way, as opposed to a centralized, top-down way; and, secondly, we're moving Internet governance decidedly into a moment where all stakeholders are engaged.
I think a year ago we were still seething from a [United Nation's International Telecommunication Union] meeting in Dubai where it wasn't clear that we could tell those looking for solutions in Internet governance where to go to in the distributed and multistakeholder Internet governance model we believe in. People stood up and said, "Where do I solve spam?" And most of us said, "Not here!" But this wasn't sustainable. And what the Montevideo Statement did was to start coalescing the global community to start answering the question.
So, why isn't the push to give more power to the UN's International Telecommunications Union the answer?
If we move everything into one organization, suddenly it becomes highly centralized. Now, could the ITU solve a problem or a particular issue? Certainly, if the community decides it's the best place to do it. But we think that Internet governance should look like the Internet: highly distributed, highly agile and highly effective. Imagine if we had to come up with a treaty to solve spam?
We don't want one organization to broaden its remit [mission statement] and become a major central organization. We want many small organizations that address, in a very agile, effective way, the various issues -- both technical and nontechnical. Today, ICANN addresses largely technical issues. But who's addressing nontechnical issues? Where do we go to come up with a global framework for how we do [Web site] takedowns? Where do we go to come up with a global framework for how we protect children on the Internet? Where do we go to deal with issues of privacy?
What, then, is your solution?
There are three parts. First, we needed principles that deal with fundamental things: what are the core values that keep the Internet open, that maintains a basic set of human rights and respect privacy. We didn't have that. We came up with these principles in Sao Paolo [at the late April NETMundial meeting ]. Okay, good, now we have that.
The next thing is coming up with a framework for coming up with solutions rapidly. That's what [Estonian] President Toomas Ilves's panel did. It worked for seven months to design such a framework, and it's a very delicate and important piece of work, because for the first time it describes what a distributed, polycentric model of Internet governance looks like.
The next step is action. The principles are the key specifications of a house. The framework is the actual architectural drawing of the house. Now we need to build it. We will be announcing that later this month: It will be called the NETMundial Initiative.
What we plan to do is to provide an online platform where people who have Internet governance issues, technical or nontechnical, can go and say: "I have this issue. Who has solved this issue?" The minister of [information and communications technology] in Rwanda told me: "Fadi, I want to come up with a policy to protect children online. Can you point me somewhere? Who's done that? Whom can I contact to tell me how it works?" The first thing this platform does is create that mapping.
The second thing it does is step in where there is no solution yet. Take Web site takedowns. Our government does it. The Russian government does it. Everybody does it. It's complicated. The president of France, two weeks ago, ordered with a decree the takedown of sites that were inciting French citizens to join ISIS. What is that process? The government issued a decree, but that decree broke legal contracts between the companies that hosted these sites and the people who run them. What if that decree was done in a country where these takedowns were against sites that promoted free expression?
None of those solutions exist today. It's completely artisanal. We're essentially going to use crowdsourcing mechanisms to coalesce people to say, "Let's come up with a process." The platform is simply going to serve as a canvas for them to do it, in accordance with our principles.
But the NETMunidial Initiative model is nonbinding. Does that satisfy someone like Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff, who was so angered by the Snowden disclosures that she memorably threatened before the UN's General Assembly last September to find an alternative means "to ensure the effective protection of data that travels through the Web."
A government, like Brazil, might take one of those solutions and codify it in a binding way. But if we leave it to every government to codify their own solution, we'll end up with a fragmented Internet. Here the creation of that solution is decoupled from the implementation of that solution. People can dip into that quote-unquote solution toolbox, rather than creating it on their own.
Did the Snowden disclosures make your job easier or harder?
Both. If the Snowden revelations didn't happen, it may have been hard for me to lobby in front of Dilma Rousseff's office for three days until she saw me. I stood there in Brasília and insisted that I wanted to talk to her about this. But it helped, because the issue is already very high on her agenda...
Wait, I'm sorry. You stood outside the president of Brazil's office for three days?
I did. I insisted to see her, and she saw me. I talked to Kofi Annan after [Rousseff] made the speech at the UN. And Kofi told me, "Fadi, a lot of people identified with what she said." I went to see her to say, okay, fine. You identified that we don't have a framework for solving complex issues of privacy, surveillance. But do you really believe that the best place for that to happen is at the UN? It's important that we, in a positive and constructive way, challenge leaders around the world on how they really plan to solve the issue.
Snowden put the issue of Internet governance more prominently on agendas of global leaders. That's a good thing and a bad thing. So we used it to advance the distributed, multistakeholder model.
The bad thing that happened in my case is that a lot of people came to ICANN and said, "Stop surveillance." Well, we don't do surveillance. We just do [Internet protocol] numbers. So we've had to do a lot of work in the last year explaining who does what. But in a way, that's positive, because it put a spotlight on where there are no solutions. When I explain to people that that's all we do, the next question is, "Okay, well, who the hell does all these other things?"
Does the United States have an exceptional role in managing the Internet?
Today, they do, yes. They have the exceptional role of approving changes to the root zone [part of the Internet's fundamental Web site naming system], which we do today. That's an important role. And it's a role that was always envisaged to go away. Ira Magaziner, who designed all this in the Clinton White House , told me, "Fadi, we designed it so that in 2000, this exceptional role would be gone." He told me, "You're 14 years late, but I'm glad you're finally there."
But the other exceptional role is the U.S.'s leadership that has been central to keeping the Internet open, central to keeping the Internet accessible to the millions of people in the world who access it today. That's a role that's played in three places.
First, there's the overall leadership of the United States in international fora -- in the UN, in the [Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development], and all the fora that have an impact on cyberspace.
Second the U.S. plays an extremely important role as a role model, as a reference point to the world. You think that how the FCC decides to move forward with net neutrality only affects America? No. The whole world is watching how this country continues to manage its Internet for the benefit of its public. That sends a powerful message to the world.
And the U.S. will continue to build coalitions to promote a version of an Internet that is open, that is diverse, that respects human rights, that enables commerce, that keeps the wheels of the digital economy greased. That's not going to go away when the U.S. passes the baton to the global community on managing the root.
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

How do you solve a problem like Yik YakBy Caitlin Dewey October 7 Follow @caitlindewey
Students on the Towson University campus last May. Towson was, last week, the setting for a school-shooting scare that played out on the anonymous app Yik Yak. (Doug Kapustin for The Washington Post)
The anonymous Web often gets a bad rap: Ask.fm has long been a haven for teenage bullies, 4chan is the source of some of the Internet’s grimmest shenanigans , and — just this week — the secret-sharing app Whisper became the new hunting ground of Internet deviants out trawling for nudes.
And yet, of all the anonymous apps and Web sites promising safe spaces for users to spill their souls, perhaps none has proved so consistently problematic — so apparently irredeemable — as Yik Yak, the scourge of campuses from California to Concord, N.H.
(Yik Yak)
In the past week alone, more than a dozen high schools and universities have had high-profile incidents with the app. A college in New Jersey is pursuing disciplinary action against students who spread a sex tape via Yik Yak without the subject’s permission. Two students at the University of Southern Mississippi were  charged with felonies  over posts made to Yik Yak in late September. In Atlanta, the city where Yik Yak is headquartered, Emory University’s student government just passed a resolution  denouncing the app as “a platform for hate speech or harassment.”
Meanwhile, just an hour north of D.C., an 18-year-old freshman at Towson University was arrested and charged for promising a “Virginia Tech Part 2” on Oct. 4 in an anonymous Yik Yak post. University police have found no evidence that the student planned to carry out his threat, but he’ll still face two charges of threatening to commit a violent crime and willfully disturbing school activities, a misdemeanor . An administrative review board will also determine his enrollment status at the school; while still technically a student, he isn’t allowed on campus.
“It seems to have been posted in a moment of anger and frustration,” said Ray Feldmann, Towson’s director of communications. “But we’re in an environment now, a post-Virginia Tech world, where you just can’t make threats like that. There’s no such thing as a hoax or a prank.”
(Yik Yak)
This was not, incidentally, Towson’s first run-in with the app since it began gaining national traction in January of this year. Last spring, the university was also forced to convene meetings with representatives from campus Greek organizations and the Office of Student Affairs over a spate of nasty, bullying messages on the app.
That coincides with similar incidents in Chicago, where abuse on the app became so severe that Yik Yak decided to suspend operations in the area. Or Concord, N.H., where a group of students became so horrified with the contents of the app that they taped uplifting anonymous messages to hundreds of student lockers, a kind of anti-Yik Yak meant to “react to negativity.”
Just this morning, a college in eastern Pennsylvania alerted students that a credible Yik Yak threat had been made at the school; an 18-year-old student was later arrested for posting that he was going to shoot the people who “bully me every single day.”
What, exactly, do users see in this seething slimepit? More to the point, what do investors see in it? Yik Yak is just shy of a year old — the app launched quietly last November, before exploding among students early this year — and it’s already raised more than $10 million in funding, much of it from the Chinese social giant Renren.
(Yik Yak)
The theoretical appeal of Yik Yak is in two things: total anonymity and close proximity. Unlike most other anonymous-sharing apps, Yik Yak asks for virtually no personal information on sign-up. (Case in point: When Towson investigated its campus threat, it could only get the poster’s phone number from Yik Yak — campus police had to contact his cellphone provider to get an actual name.) The app also only displays messages sent within a 1.5-mile radius, which guarantees that whatever “secrets” (or jokes or spurious gossip) you’re reading happened at your school. The vast majority of posts are one-line witticisms on typically collegiate things: a bad midterm, a bad roommate, a bad hangover.
“Many people at UB use Yik Yak to express their thoughts and feelings,” one student gushed to the University at Buffalo’s campus paper  this week. “Yik Yak shows us when other people [are experiencing] or feeling the same way that we do, which is pretty cool.”
(Yik Yak)
The problem, of course, is when Yik Yak shows other things, which it does with astounding frequency: Hurtful gossip or slander about specific students, a la the departed JuicyCampus; threats of violence, some of them credible; outright cries for help. These types of posts have become so common, in fact, that the fresh-faced, class-of-’13 founders behind it have drastically scaled back their original strategy: initially launching nationwide, then restricting the app just to college campuses, and finally promising a “geofence” — or block — to any school that asks for it. Oddly, the one thing Yik Yak has not done is moderate proactively: Users can “flag” yaks as inappropriate, but it’s unclear what happens to those flags and how quickly they’re addressed.
None of this bodes well for Yik Yak’s grand ambition, which is to become a kind of hyperlocal news and community network — think the coffee shop cork board for the digital age. The problem with that analogy, of course, is that some barista presumably watches the IRL cork board for rude and/or offensive fliers. And people thumbtacking a notice in a public space are still obligated to follow certain social norms. And few people — to my knowledge, at least? — casually take to the community bulletin board when they’re lonely or angry or vengeful or drunk or otherwise predisposed to writing something terrible.
“We didn’t hear about Yik Yak much until last week,” Towson’s Feldmann said, with a slight sigh. “You know how these apps go: They pop up, they cool off.”
Here’s hoping this one cools.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

How culture and an R&D line item can affect innovation and growth0
A. The goal was to figure out corporate culture’s role in innovation. We found that in order to be innovative, the first thing you have to have is a great culture. If you have trouble attracting people to your company and have turnover, you need to focus on those problems first. Most of the companies we surveyed felt like they had a pretty good culture. But only 10 percent of our respondents reported they had a good culture and revenue increases of 30 percent or more.
Q. What did you find out about that 10 percent?
A. They have a line item on their budget for R&D. What was different about their culture is, first and foremost, 100 percent of respondents felt comfortable coming forward with ideas. Their work environments were very collaborative, and the leadership very accessible. They provide the tools needed — Internet access, laptops, more storage, guidance for taking innovation from ideas to execution — and they had recognition programs. Interestingly, the most innovative companies had the lowest percentage of monetary-recognition programs. It was more about verbal recognition; maybe they posted the idea of the month versus (giving) a $200 reward.
Q. What did you find about the lower-performing companies?
A. (Focusing on) the companies that did not see revenue increase from innovation but said they valued innovation, 75 percent did not have an R&D budget line item. By contrast, 60 percent of the higher-performing companies did. Under continuous-improvement programs, only 40 percent of the lower-performing companies have a formal program versus 58 percent of the high-performing companies. Then, for hiring due to innovation, 44 percent of the lower-performing companies have hired employees for new processes or products compared to 75 percent of the higher-performing companies.
Q. How do these surveys inspire how you lead your culture?
A. If I have an issue, I express it. But I’m also the managing partner, so it’s made me think about, “Would (an employee) come and tell me that?” This has me thinking to ask my team and to push the partners to find out if are we fostering that.
Q. Did you build your new office to enable innovation?
A. That was the focus. We did surveys to let our employees say what they want. Everybody has desks now that go up and down so you can stand up. That was the one thing that everybody wanted, and I wouldn’t have guessed it. Our conference rooms vary. If you went to one of these startups at 1871 — and we do work for them — there may be only a couple of (our) people on that job. So we’ve set up smaller conference rooms so they can work together. For a large audit we have bigger conference rooms. The partners and senior managers are in interior offices with glass walls, and I look out to a space where there’s 25 young staffers on the (open floor plan) and they get all the natural sunlight coming in. 
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Face to face: Brian Fitzpatrick  Google ChicagoFace to face: Brian Fitzpatrick, Google Chicago
Face to face: Brian Fitzpatrick, Google Chicago
Brian Fitzpatrick, engineering manager of Google Chicago, on the "bandwidth of being in the same room with someone else."
Brian Fitzpatrick, engineering manager of Google Chicago, on the "bandwidth of being in the same room with someone else."

Govt to kickstart next phase of cable TV digitization: JavadekarThe Hindu Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Information and Broadcasting, Prakash Javadekar, addressing a press conference in New Delhi on Wednesday. Photo: Mahim Pratap Singh
TOPICS
media
The Centre is mulling to complete the third phase of digitization of cable television by 2015. Addressing a press conference at Vigyan Bhavan in New Dehi, Union Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Information and Broadcasting, Prakash Javadekar, said the Indian cable TV digitization is the biggest such exercise in the world. "It will change the face of Indian television," he added.
The fourth phase of digitization is expected to happen in 2016. Around 12 to 15 crore of TV sets are expected to be benefitted from this mammoth exercise.
The cable TV revolution in 1993 was succesful because there was no government in it: Prakash Javadekar @the_hindu pic.twitter.com/56aWG1u3T6
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) October 8, 2014
Stressing that consumers will be the top priority in cable TV digitization process, Mr. Javadekar said, "stakeholders should be sensitive to consumer interests."
On the debate on whether consumers should pay for a channel and still with advertisements, Mr. Javadekar's response was: "Why should consumers pay?... This isn't done. We'll resolve this"
Mr. Javadekar also said the free-to-air channels will not have to adhere to 12 minute advertisement cap anymore.

Map: How ATMs have taken over the worldBy Adam Taylor October 8 Follow @mradamtaylor
Accessing your money just got a whole lot easier in Somalia, as Salaam Somalia Bank has put up the country’s first ATM machine. (Reuters)
Somalia's first ever ATM machine was unveiled in Mogadishu this week, a major step for a country that has struggled with instability and war. "I have been staying in Mogadishu for longer than I originally planned so I ran out of cash," Omar Hassan, a visitor from Britain, told the BBC . "I couldn't believe my luck when I heard about the new cash machine."
It's been a long time coming. The first ATM (automated teller machine) was installed in London by Barclay's Bank in 1967 , and made in to New York a couple of years later . Since then, the concept of a "cash machine" has propagated around the world, with millions of ATMs in countries far and wide.
But what countries other than Somalia have lagged behind in the use of ATMs? Myanmar was once renowned for its lack of ATMs , and the inability (or refusal) of businesses to accept credit cards, but in the past couple of years that has changed. These maps, made using estimates from the World Bank , show where the world's ATMs are:
(Cristina Rivero / The Washington Post)
While not included in the World Bank's data, the United States is widely accepted to have the highest number of ATMs in the world, with at least 420,000  by 2013. Figures from 2011 show that China had over 415,000, Russia over 230,000 and Brazil more than 177,000. Japan, India, and Indonesia follow.
From the World Bank data, its also possible to see the countries with remarkably few ATMs. Kiribati, a small Pacific Island nation, has the lowest number with just 7, while the Federated States of Micronesia only had 9. Some countries with relatively large populations also had few ATMs: Sierra Leone, for example, had just 14 ATMs for a population of around 6 million , while Haiti, with a population of around 10 million , had 29 ATMs, according to the World Bank. The World Bank's figures show that Canada, Portugal, and Russia have the highest number of ATMs per 100,000 adults in the country. At the other end of the table, the World Bank lists Myanmar as the country with the least ATMs per 100,000 adults, with just 0.09.
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

London Mining shares plunge on warningLondon Mining on brink of collapse as shares plunge
By James Wilson, Mining Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7956e508-4ebd-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas Chengshan wins Cooper Tire factory battle© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/03c7a97a-4eb9-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Weakness persists; Infosys  Sun Pharma down over 4%Weakness persists; Infosys, Sun Pharma down over 4%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 02:16 PM IST
Benchmark shares indices remained weak in late trades on Wednesday with technology shares declining the most led by Infosys amid reports of downgrade by global financial services major Citigroup.
At 2:15PM, the 30-share Sensex was down 79 points at 26,193 and the 50-share Nifty was down 26 points at 7,826.
The Indian rupee is trading higher against the US dollar at Rs 61.38 compared to the previous close of Rs 61.43.
Indian economy is likely to grow by 6.4% in 2015-16 compared with 5.6% in 2014-15, the World Bank said in its bi-annual South Asia Economic Focus report.
Over the next year or so economic growth should be supported by the recovering US economy that would provide a market for Indian merchandise and service exports, the report said.
Asian markets continued to trade weak amid growth concerns in China, the world's second largest economy. Shares in Japan witnessed a sell-off dropping to a five-week amid global growth concerns while the appreciating yen also dampened sentiment for exporters' stocks. The benchmark Nikkei ended down 1.2%. Hang Seng slipped 0.7% and Straits Times dropped 0.5%. However, China's Shanghai Composite was up 0.8%.
European shares were trading lower amid global growth concerns after IMF cut global growth forecasts and weak industrial production data from Germany. FTSE, CAC-40 and DAX down 0.2-0.6% each.
BSE IT and Healthcare were the top sectoral losers down 2.6-3.3% each. BSE Oil and Gas index was up 1.5% followed by Capital Goods index, Bankex, Auto and FMCG among others.
IT major Infosys was down over 4% on reports that Citigroup downgraded the stock to 'neutral' from 'buy' earlier ahead of its second quarter earnings due on Friday. The note says that shares are trading around 17x 1-year forward earnings adding that "positives are adequately discounted". Among other shares, TCS and Wipro were down 1.8-3.5% each. Tech Mahindra and MindTree were also down 4-5% each following a downgrade to 'sell'  by Citigroup.
Pharma shares witnessed profit taking after International Monetary Fund (IMF) cut its outlook for global growth. According to Reuters report, the MF cut its global economic growth forecasts for the third time this year, suggesting the environment remains difficult for companies, especially ones with multinational exposure. Sun Pharma, Cipla and Dr Reddy's Labs were down 2-4% each.
Shares of oil companies gained after Brent crude prices fell to 27-month low on global growth, oil glut concerns. Lower crude oil prices helpd improve margins for refiners and oil producers benefit from lower subsidy burden. Reliance Industries gained 1.2% and ONGC was up 1.7%. PSU oil refiners such as HPCL, IOC and BPCL were up 3-4% each.
Banks which are a proxy to the economy gained on the back of encouraging growth forecast for India by the World Bank. ICICI Bank and Axis Bank were up 0.8-1.3% each. SBI was up 1.3% after a foreign brokerage upgraded the stock on the PSU banking major's strong deposite franchise, well capitalised balance sheet and focus on profitability.
Capital goods shares were among the top gainers with L&T up nearly 2% after after the company said its wholly-owned subsidiary L&T Technology Services received approval from the Competition Commission of India to acquire the engineering business of US-based Dell Product and Process Innovation Services. BHEL rebounded after its recent correction and was up nearly 2%.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index was down 0.4% and the Small-cap index slipped 0.1%.
Market breadth weakened with 1,506 losers and 1,222 gainers on the BSE.

State elections  global woes! Five factors that ll keep bears on toesTop five factors which are likely to keep markets volatile in October
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 04.10PM IST
Tags:
Ajit Mishra
(Sensex, which has plunged…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex, which has plunged over 300 points so far in the month of October, is likely to remain volatile for the rest of the month as well, weighed down by weak global cues and uncertainty around the upcoming earnings season, say analysts.
It looks like the markets are witnessing profit booking after the recent run-up. The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 25 per cent so far in the year 2014.
"Yes, to some extent, the market had run ahead of itself and the fundamentals are not catching up with the market as fast as was thought earlier," said Killol Pandya, Senior Fund Manager-Debt, LIC Nomura Mutual Fund.
"To some extent, there was a tendency to buy into a kind of story that the new government coming in place will very rapidly turn the economy around," he added.
Analysts attribute the current weakness more because of technical factors as well as global factors and absence of follow up buying.
Since retail frenzy has not yet kicked in, the dominant players remain the professional investors who may be cagey to buy at such high PE multiples, they say.
"October can be considered as a volatile month and India VIX, which suggests level of fear or uncertainty in market, shows that huge swing could be seen this month," said Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities.
"Hence, either side movement has been observed on the Nifty in the past 10 years. As the strength in market remains intact, easing global pressures and developments by government can give a boost to the markets," he added.
Retail investors should understand that volatility is negatively correlated to the markets.
"It means any rise in volatility may result in a further decline in the index in the coming month. So participants should plan their trading and investments," said Ajit Mishra, AVP- Retail Research, Religare Securities Ltd.
"In the past, the indicator of volatility, i.e. India VIX, mostly witnessed a declining trend during the October month, but the situation is different this time as it has recently formed a new 52-week low and rebounded thereafter," he added.
We have collated a list of five factors which are likely to weigh on the markets in the month of October:
Worries about global growth:
The US along with Asian markets came under pressure after the International Monetary Fund slashed its growth forecast and warned of 'frothy' stocks amid signs of slowing growth in Europe.
According to the IMF report, a sustained period of policy interest rates near zero in advanced economies has raised the risk that some financial markets may be overheating.
The IMF also downwardly revised its 2015 global growth forecast to 3.3 per cent, warning of weaker growth in Japan and core eurozone countries.
The kind of growth seen in the first of half of 2000 isn't coming back anytime soon. The emerging market economies will be growing at a very high rate, but not quite as high as before.
"The change in the landscape in advanced economies will have its affects. Stronger growth in the US is a good thing, but if it comes with interest rates being high in the US, it probably means high interest rates in emerging market countries as well," said Olivier Blanchard, IMF Chief Economist.
"Therefore, the world is going to change quite a bit over the next few years and emerging markets will have to adjust to that," he added.
Slowdown in FII inflows:
Foreign institutional investors, which were largely responsible for over 25 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex, have become net sellers of Indian equities in the last five trading sessions.
As per provisional data, FIIs have sold net of Rs 2916.79 crore in the last six trading sessions, while DIIs or domestic institutional investors remain net buyers.
Overseas investors have pumped in a little over Rs 5,100 crore in the Indian equity markets in September, making it the lowest net investment in seven months.
However, since the beginning of this year, FIIs have infused a net amount of Rs 83,438 crore (USD 14 billion) into the share market, while they invested a net of Rs 1.18 lakh crore into the debt market (USD 19.6 billion), PTI reported.
"In terms of flows, our sense is that the dedicated-India money will be evenly poised -- there may not be too much inflows, but there may be a bit of outflows," said Jitendra Sriram, Director & Head of Research, HSBC Securities.
"The fact that a lot of hedge funds close their books around November also contributes to the outflow phenomenon, since these funds are taking down their exposure as India has been a good market for them over the last one year and people have made reasonable money," he added.
Sriram is of the view that this might be a temporary phenomenon, which may stretch uptil November, when probably people may not want to put through unnecessary risks in the market. Moreover, after a reasonable amount of inflows, a lull of two months is acceptable, he added.
 

Twelve dead in Turkey after protestsUS air strikes push back Isis in Kobani
By Borzou Daragahi in Cairo and Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7fa0fd44-4ec3-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Belgium finally forms coalition governmentOctober 8, 2014 9:39 am
Belgium finally forms coalition government
By Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ca09ed74-4ebd-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cash rolls in as region shrugs off bad newsCash rolls in as Arab region shrugs off bad news
By Simeon Kerr
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40b12850-3fe8-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

2 Americans and a German win Nobel Prize in chemistryBy Rachel Feltman October 8 Follow @rachelfeltman
The principles of single-molecule microscopy. (Johan Jarnestad/The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences)
The 2014 Nobel Prize in chemistry was awarded Wednesday to Eric Betzig of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Janelia Research Campus in Ashburn, Va.;  Stefan W. Hell of the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry (Germany), and William E. Moerner of Stanford University for their work in overcoming the limitations of the traditional light microscope.
Today, scientists can observe minute biological processes in realtime -- but that wasn't always so. Once, they were limited to looking at bacteria-sized objects as shapeless blobs. Electron microscopes can see more, but they require that samples be sliced and prepared -- so nothing living can be observed, especially not in motion.
The three men honored by today's Nobel Prize contributed to super-resolution fluorescence microscopy, which allows us to see everything from DNA transference in action to the changes that neurons go through as we learn something new.
Eric Betzig is one of three recipients of this year's Nobel Prize in chemistry. In 2011, he showed Reuters what his team at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute calls the “Bessel beam plane illumination microscope.” (Reuters)
Scientists used to believe that microscopes using light would never get past a certain threshold: Around half the wavelength of light, or .2 micrometers. Some organelles in human cells would be visible, but only just -- and most remained a mystery.
As a young upstart at Turku University, German scientist Stefan W. Hell decided to take on this supposedly unsolvable problem. He worked in a lab that studied fluorescence microscopy -- where glowing molecules are excited and made to attach to parts of a cell, lighting them up and making them detectable. But it was limited. In looking at DNA, scientists could see entangled strands of DNA, but not individual strands.
In 1994, Hell published his solution. His method, called stimulated emission depletion (STED), acts as a sort of focused flashlight. While one pulse of light excites all of the fluorescent molecules in the sample, a second pulse quiets the glow from all but a nanometre-sized section. The smaller each individual measurement is, the better the resolution of the total image when it's put together. In 2000, Hell demonstrated his STED microscope with the best shot of E. coli bacteria ever taken with a light microscope.
Meanwhile, Moerner was working on controlling the fluorescence of molecules. He discovered that by using specific wavelengths of light to activate them, one could keep green fluorescent molecules from just dying -- they could turn them on and off. A regular microscope could detect their glow, allowing researchers to distinguish individual molecules.
Inspired by his work, Betzig published some research on the subject, but soon left academia for his father's business. After many years of total estrangement from scientific research, he felt called back. In 2005, he published a breakthrough: Using fluorescent proteins that could be turned on and off at will, he created images of a resolution much higher than the theoretical limit. Weak pulses of light activate the proteins for a very short time, so that pieces of the subject can be illuminated bit by bit. These images are superimposed to form high-resolution images -- without killing the cells being observed, or even interrupting their biological processes. The single-molecule microscopy method is now widely used.
All three laureates continue to use their findings for practical research (as does the rest of the scientific world). Hell has studied nerve cells to understand how the human brain fires off information. Moerner has studied the proteins associated with Huntington's disease, and Betzig has watched cell division occur in embryos.
1 of 8

Pakistan intensifies firing across border  2 more killedComments
Two women of a family were killed and 15 others injured in heavy mortar shelling and firing by Pakistani troops on Wednesday along the international border in Jammu.
Villagers show mortar shell marks on a wall after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers at a residential area. (PTI Photo)
Pakistani Rangers targeted 50 border out posts (BoPs) and 35 hamlets overnight along the 192-km boundary. The escalation has triggered an exodus, with 16,000 people moving to safer areas from border villages.
 
Eight people have been killed so far and over 70 people injured in continuing ceasefire violations by Pakistan over a week.
  
Pakistani troops targeted Chillary village along the IB in Samba district around 7.30am .
In the mortar shelling, Shakuntla Devi and her daughter-in-law Poli Devi were killed while their husbands along with two children of Poli were injured, Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP), Samba, Anil Mangotra said.
   
All the inhabitants of the village with a population 1,700 have fled from border hamlet to safety.
 
Along the Line of Control (LoC), the firing stopped Tuesday night in Mendhar & Poonch sectors after Indian forces gave a befitting reply, defence officials said. 
 
An injured Indian boy is carried on a stretcher for treatment to the government medical college hospital, in Jammu. (AP photo)
Among the 15 injured today, three were BSF jawans. All of them have been shifted to Government Medical College (GMC) hospital, the SSP said.
  
Jorda Farm border hamlet was hit by shelling at 9am police officials said. Six persons were injured when they were returning after night stay in shelter camp in R S Pura. They were shifted to GMC hospital for treatment, they said.
 
Earlier, a BSF spokesperson said "Pakistani Rangers again resorted to unprovoked mortar shelling and heavy firing on BSF posts all along IB since 8pm last night."
As many as 50 BSF BoPs were affected by the fire from Pakistan side, he said, adding areas along IB in Arnia, R S Pura, Kanachak and Pargwal sub-sectors in Jammu and Samba districts were targeted.
  
Eight people have been killed and 71 others including BSF jawans injured in Pakistani shelling and firing along LoC and IB in Jammu and Poonch districts in over two dozen ceasefire violations since October 1 this year.
 

Its time for the FAA to unleash the dronesBy Larry Downes October 8
Unleash the drones. (Nicolas Tucat/AFP/Getty Images)
As the latest revolutionary digital technology takes off, entrepreneurs are finding themselves battling federal regulators for permission just to experiment with new applications.
This time, it’s not the FCC (smartphone apps), the FTC (the Internet of Things), the FDA (genetic testing), the Department of Transportation (driverless cars), the Federal Reserve (bitcoin), state and local utility commissions (the sharing economy) or the SEC (crowdfunding).
This time it’s the Federal Aviation Administration, which has been struggling since 2012 to develop rules for safely integrating unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV), aka drones, into U.S. airspace.
To be clear, we’re not talking here about the lethal, multi-million dollar military aircraft that are changing the nature of warfare. We’re talking about small, consumer-friendly devices that sell today to hobbyists and others for less than $300.
That’s about the same as the price of a smartphone, and the similarity is no coincidence.  Most of the parts used in today’s fast-growing drone market come from smartphone component suppliers . The CPUs, GPS hardware, sensors, cameras, accelerometers, gyroscopes and even software are the same. And drones often use phones and tablets as their remote control.  UAVs are basically flying smartphones.
So as the production of over a billion smartphones relentlessly drives down the price of these components through economies of scale, drones are set to benefit from a similar pattern of price/performance improvement, following the same faster-cheaper-smaller principle that drives all digital products and services.  Once large-scale adoption begins, the sky’s the limit.
What will we do with our drones?  UAVs have already proven themselves ready to disrupt everything from agriculture and natural resource management to law enforcement, delivery services, photography and mapping. Amazon, for one, has already demonstrated the feasibility of local delivery by drone. Widespread use could revolutionize retail and take-out food distribution, reducing traffic, pollution and fossil fuel consumption.
The FAA conservatively estimates that, within a decade, private drones will constitute a $90 billion industry.  Already, according to the Consumer Electronic Association , 2014 sales of UAVs are forecast at $84 million and 250,000 units. By 2018, CEA predicts consumer drone sales will approach $300 million and about a million units.
Pretty impressive, especially for a technology that is technically illegal.
That’s right:  for now, consumers may only operate UAVs below 400 feet, and only for noncommercial uses.  All other uses are prohibited. (After a small drone crashed in New York,  the FAA has argued inconsistently that drones may not be operated anywhere near major airports.)
That leaves drone enthusiasts operating in something close to the opposite of the largely “permissionless” ecosystem that has spawned much of the digital revolution elsewhere.  Even testing new UAV applications requires a special exemption from the FAA—hardly the best environment for developing new products and services.
And the FAA hasn’t been shy about enforcing its prohibition. It regularly sends cease-and-desist letters for uses it deems commercial or dangerous.  A Dutch tourist was recently fined over $3,000 for crashing a drone at Yellowstone National Park .
That could soon change.  In 2012, Congress ordered the FAA to develop rules that would allow commercial UAVs to operate safely in U.S. airspace by 2015. (Safety, obviously, is key.)
But we’re still waiting for the rules. The agency has already missed several self-imposed deadlines, and in June a government audit concluded the agency will miss Congress’s deadline .  Rules for small drones were promised three years ago, with the FAA now saying they will come later this year.
That delay could prove disastrous. Typically, the United States is first to explore the potential for new digital inventions. But with drone-based agricultural and delivery services already taking off in Europe and elsewhere , the United States could lose its edge in developing new markets for drones and their still largely unknown uses.
Though the FAA has yet to set a date for its new rules, there are small signs of progress.  Late last month, for example, the agency granted the application of some filmmakers for an exemption to use UAV-mounted cameras on set.
That may be the first step toward freeing up drones for news gathering and commercial services including delivery.  With the filmmaking exemption granted, applications for other commercial use exemptions are now increasing .
But even with eventual federal safety rules in place, the drone market will still face regulatory obstacles.  In the absence of FAA guidelines, state and even local governments have leapt into the breach , passing confusing and incompatible regulations — and often prohibitions — on drone use.
Some communities have been motivated by obvious safety concerns, but more often the proscriptions are motivated by unease about privacy .
So far, the privacy concerns have mostly been speculative. UAVs, like nearly every other mobile device, have high-definition cameras that continue to improve exponentially in both quality and capacity.  So, like Google Glass and other new video technologies, UAVs tend to invoke a visceral “creepy” response in consumers, who imagine the worst possible uses such technologies might be put to against unsuspecting victims.  They imagine drones hovering at their windows, back yards, or public protests.
To be sure, large-scale deployment of increasingly low-visibility drone technologies will bump up against cultural and even legal restrictions on the collection and distribution of information.  At the same time, at least in the United States, some of those concerns will be offset by strong First Amendment protections for journalists and others.
It may be that existing privacy protections and “Peeping Tom” laws are already sufficient to bar the most offensive uses of drones.  For law enforcement applications, likewise, the Fourth Amendment has been interpreted by courts to adapt to new technologies that challenge personal privacy, and may curb police practices that most Americans would find unreasonable.
But until the technology matures and the truly disruptive applications emerge, pre-emptive prohibitions — especially at the local level — could unnecessarily stunt the development of valuable technology before it has a chance to prove its worth to society.
That’s not a problem unique to drones.  Maintaining the delicate balance between protecting consumer values and allowing new technologies to develop is a growing problem for lawmakers.  As the Internet revolution continues its “Big Bang” expansion to businesses that have long been immune from disruptive innovation, new products and services increasingly challenge old assumptions about how industries are best organized and operated.
And that in turn triggers the need to rethink rules that protect consumers from harmful behaviors, as well as the kind of regulators best-suited to define and enforce those protections.
With the launch of the drone economy, the FAA has now joined the list of federal, state, and local agencies whose core markets are or are likely to be transformed by better and cheaper technologies.
But so far, the agency hasn’t displayed much urgency in responding to the challenge and opportunity.
The fate of a multi-billion dollar industry is hanging in the balance. And as history has amply demonstrated, regulators who move too slowly often wind up sidelined or obsolete.
Which would prove especially dangerous here.  There is, after all, quite a difference between the crash of a smartphone app and a drone.
Larry Downes is co-author with Paul Nunes of “ Big Bang Disruption:  Strategy in the Age of Devastating Innovation ” (Portfolio 2014). He is a Project Director at the Georgetown Center for Business and Public Policy.

Tata Elxsi s Q2 results on Oct 29  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Real estate fund to invest in residential pr...ASK Property Investment Advisors owned fund to raise Rs 1,500 crore to invest in residential properties
Arun Kumar, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 06.03AM IST
Tags:
ASK Property Investment Advisors
(ASK group, along with real…)
NEW DELHI: Real estate fund, owned by ASK Property Investment Advisors, will raise Rs 1,500 crore from both local banks and high net worth individuals to invest in residential properties across six cities in India. The fund will be raised under its fourth fund ASK Real Estate Special Opportunities Fund II.
"Bolstered with the superior returns generated by the previous funds in tough times, we have decided to launch a larger fund considering the opportunities in the markets and investors are willing to invest," Sunil Rohokale, Managinf Director and Chief executive officer ASK Group said.
ASK Property Investment Advisors manages Rs 2,100 crore in three funds which include two local and one offshore fund. The group has already made two exits in three years between 2.35 to 2.45 times returns on its investments.
ASK group, along with real estate and private equity funds, manages $1b of its clients including the equity portfolio management schemes, wealth management and real estate PMS.
"Investors have appreciated our risk management combined with margin of safety yielding multiple of capital,'' said Amit Bhagat, Managing Director and Chief Executive ASK Property Investment Advisors. "Our focused strategy of mid segment residential projects and partnering with regionally strong reputed developers has been appreciated by investors." The real estate fund has invested in 15 projects in five cities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Karnataka HC rejects Jayalalithaa bail pleaUpdated: October 17, 2014 16:18 IST
Karnataka HC rejects Jayalalithaa bail plea
Krishnaprasad
Tweet
The Hindu Shocked AIADMK workers in Chennai express their grief following the rejection of Jayalalithaa's bail plea by the Karnataka High Court on Tuesday. Photo : S.R. Raghunathan
The Hindu Security outside Karnataka High Court on Tuesday as the hearing for former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa' s bail plea was underway. Photo: Bhagya Prakash
VIDEO
imprisonment
Justice A V Chandrashekara, who passed the interim order, said there are "no grounds" to grant her relief.
In yet another set back to AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa, the Karnataka High Court on Tuesday refused to release her on bail and rejected her plea for suspending the four-year prison sentence imposed by the trial court on September 27 in the disproportionate assets case.
The court also rejected similar pleas of the other convicts in the case — V.K. Sasikala, V.N. Sudhakaran and J. Elavarasi.
Ms. Jayalalithaa and others may now have to move the Supreme Court for bail. The court adjourned the hearing of the appeal to October 24. The court’s rejection of bail came despite Special Public Prosecutor G. Bhavani Singh telling the Court that “he has no objection for the release of the convicts on conditional bail.” Justice A.V. Chandrashekara said in his order that “no ground has been made out” by the convicts for suspending the sentence.
Referring to the contention that Ms. Jayalalithaa was entitled to release on bail as she was on bail throughout the trial without causing prejudice to the proceedings, he said suspension of the sentence and release on bail could not be an automatic process when the higher court admits an appeal against conviction. Seeking bail as an under-trial and as a convict stood on different planks, legally, he said. He also quoted verdicts in which the Supreme Court had described corruption as a human rights violation that led to systematic economic offences.

Exide Life Insurance launches activation programme for Kolkata residentsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Exide Life Insurance launches activation programme for Kolkata residents
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Oct 8:  
Exide Life Insurance, formerly ING Vysya Life Insurance Co, carried out an activation programme reaching out to 10,000 residents in Kolkata.
Called ‘Amaar Puja, Amaar Style’ (My Puja My Style), the program saw the company’s representatives engage with residents of various apartments / condominiums to capture their unique ways of celebrating Durga Puja.
Participants had to write and share how they celebrated the Durga Puja along with the unique things they did during this festive period.
A copy of a specially designed book, “The Legend of Maa Durga” was handed over to the participants.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Three win Nobel for super-zoom microscopes2 Americans, 1 German win chemistry Nobel for giving microscope sharper vision
AP
print
Chemistry Nobel prize winners (From L to R) Eric Betzig, Stefan Hell and William Moerner. (AP and Reuters Photo)
Two Americans and a German scientist won the Nobel Prize in chemistry Wednesday for finding ways to make microscopes more powerful than previously thought possible, allowing scientists to see how diseases develop inside the tiniest cells.
Working independently of each other, U.S. researchers Eric Betzig and William Moerner and Stefan Hell of Germany shattered previous limits on the resolution of optical microscopes by using glowing molecules to peer inside tiny components of life.
Their breakthroughs, starting in the 1990s, have enabled scientists to study diseases such as Parkinson's, Alzheimer's and Huntington's at a molecular level, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said.
"Due to their achievements the optical microscope can now peer into the nanoworld," the academy said, giving the 8 million-kronor ($1.1 million) award jointly to the three scientists for "the development of super-resolved fluorescence microscopy."
Betzig, 54, works at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Ashburn, Virginia. Hell, 51, is director of the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry in Goettingen, Germany, and also works at the German Cancer Research Center in Heidelberg. Moerner, 61, is a professor at Stanford University in California.
"I was totally surprised, I couldn't believe it," said Hell, who was born in Romania.
"Fortunately, I remembered the voice of Nordmark and I realized it was real," he added, referring to Staffan Nordmark, the academy's permanent secretary.
The Nobel judges didn't immediately reach Moerner, who was at a conference in Brazil. He found out about the prize from his wife after she was told by The Associated Press.
"I'm incredibly excited and happy to be included with Eric Betzig and Stefan Hell," Moerner told the AP.
For a long time optical microscopes were limited by, among other things, the wavelength of light. So scientists believed they could never yield a resolution better than 0.2 micrometers.
But the three scientists were able to break that limit by using molecules that glow on command. The advance took optical microscopy into a new dimension that made it possible to study the interplay between molecules inside cells, including the aggregation of disease-related proteins, the academy said.
Hell has used these methods to study nerve cells to get a better understanding of brain synapses; Moerner has studied proteins related to Huntington's disease; and Betzig has tracked cell division inside embryos, the academy said.
"I'm convinced that as a result of this discovery, as a result of the fact that we can see details at much higher spatial resolution, we will find out much quicker what is going on in the cell if a disease emerges," Hell said.
"Any disease, in the end, can be boiled down to a malfunctioning of the cell. And in order to understand what a disease actually means, you have to understand the cell and you have to understand the malfunction."
Moerner said scientists can now tell whether individual molecules are different or the same.
"It's very much like asking whether they all march to the same drummer or not," Moerner told the AP. "When you can watch one by one, then we are able to observe exactly when it changes from one state to another."
Tom Barton, president of the American Chemical Society, said the laureates' work allowed progress in many fields because it let scientists see molecules and other features with unprecedented resolution and lets them study very fine details of living things. In contrast, while an electron microscope can see even finer details, it can't be used on living cells.
"Before, maybe, we could just see the contours of bacteria. But now we can look inside the bacteria and we can see things as small as individual molecules," said Nobel committee member Claes Gustafsson.
"This technique means that suddenly we can start studying details that we could only dream of before. This is really a revolution, because as recently as 15 years ago, it was believed to be theoretically impossible to break this barrier," he said.
Last year's chemistry prize went to three U.S.-based scientists who developed powerful computer models that researchers use to understand complex chemical interactions and create new drugs.
This year's Nobel announcements started Monday with U.S.-British scientist John O'Keefe splitting the medicine award with Norwegian couple May-Britt Moser and Edvard Moser for breakthroughs in brain cell research that could pave the way for a better understanding of diseases like Alzheimer's.
On Tuesday, Isamu Akasaki and Hiroshi Amano of Japan and U.S. scientist Shuji
Nakamura won physics award for the invention of blue light-emitting diodes - a breakthrough that spurred the development of LED technology that can be used to light up homes and offices and the screens of mobile phones, computers and TVs.
The Nobel Prize in literature will be announced Thursday, followed by the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday and the economics prize on Monday.
The prizes are always handed out in ceremonies on Dec. 10, the date that prize founder Alfred Nobel died in 1896.

Expect more volatility at end of QE3Expect more volatility at end of QE3
By Jamie Chisholm
When previous QE’s ended, Wall St fell more than the current 4%
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d65a57e0-4ecb-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee ends higher at 61.39Rupee ends higher at 61.39
OUR BUREAU
Tweet
MUMBAI, OCT 8:  
The rupee ended marginally higher at 61.39 per dollar against the previous close of 61.42 amid weakness in domestic equity market.
The BSE Sensex was down 0.10 per cent at 26,246.79 while the NSE Nifty was down 10 points or 0.12 per cent at 7,842.70.
According to dealers, the domestic unit is trading range bound tracking the dollar overseas. In intra-day trade, the domestic unit touched a high of 61.34 and a low of 61.54.
The interbank call money rates, the rates at which banks borrow short-term money from each other, ended higher at 8.10 per cent against the previous close of 7.35 per cent. Government bond (8.40 per cent G-Sec, maturing in 2024) yields softened to 8.40 per cent against the previous close of 8.45 per cent. The price of the security rose to Rs. 99.93 against the previous close of Rs. 99.63.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Cant fix cooling off period for judges to take govt jobs: SupremeCourtThe issue has been widely debated after former CJI P Sathasivam took governorship soon after his tenure ended.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 6:54 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 12:32 am
The Supreme Court on Wednesday refused to entertain a PIL against acceptance of governorship of Kerala by former chief justice of India P Sathasivam, while also declining to issue guidelines on cooling off period for judges to take up government assignments after retirement.
A bench led by CJI H L Dattu dismissed the petition by one Mohammed Ali, who had made the former CJI a party to his PIL while seeking the court’s directives on laying down specific guidelines on appointing retired judges of the Supreme Court and high courts. The petition said that no such appointment should be made without the consultation and concurrence of the Chief Justice of India or the chief justices of high courts.

Tammy Duckworth tries her luck at Better Know a DistrictGet More: Daily Show Full Episodes , Indecision Political Humor , The Colbert Report on Facebook
 
For The Colbert Report's 80th "Better Know a District" segment, he talked to the current representative of Illinois' 8th district, Tammy Duckworth (D). It was mostly smooth sailing, but Duckworth's eyes did bulge a few times, especially when Stephen Colbert joked that he was grinding up birth control and putting it in his employees' water bottles.
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

English soccer is annoying fans by suggesting matches abroad  againComing soon to a stadium far away.(Reuters/Eddie Keogh)
SHARE
Kabir Chibber @quinto_quarto
October 8, 2014
Soccer clubs in the English Premier League, the richest in the world, are considering playing  a week of fixtures abroad . The Associated Press was told that the league is conducting a feasibility study into the matter, with alternatives to regular-season globe-trotting that include extending the slate pre-season exhibition matches and expanding the existing Premier League Asia Trophy tournament.
This is inevitable. Professional soccer has expanded globally at an incredible rate, fuelled by ever-increasing overseas TV rights. According to Sporting Intelligence , overseas TV rights earned English soccer £40 million ($64 million) for the five-year period to 1997. Broadcast deals now run for three years, and the latest overseas-rights agreement, covering 2013-16, was auctioned for a whopping £2.2 billion:
Share
Tap image to zoom
The biggest chunk of cash  comes from Asia , whose TV-rights revenues grew by 77% in the latest deal. Tiny Singapore paid £190 million alone. It’s natural, then, for  the Premier League to try to capitalize on this interest abroad. The league is also inspired by American sports muscling in on its turf. The NFL is playing three regular-season games at London’s Wembley Stadium this year, and the NBA also holds games in England. The Premier League is more than capable of returning the favor—more than 360,000 fans, including a record 109,318-crowd in Michigan, saw Manchester United’s pre-season US tour this summer. It’s no wonder that the club is now exploring playing midweek friendlies abroad .
Why hasn’t this been considered before? Actually, it has. Premier League clubs play 38 regular-season games a year. In 2008, the head of the league proposed adding a 39th game abroad, which was viciously rebuked by the passionate (and parochial) fans of English soccer, where two clubs can exist in tiny towns, families are divided by the color of the shirt of the teams they support, and supporters debate endlessly what real fandom means.
These sorts are no fans of “home” games held halfway around the world, however lucrative for the clubs involved. “The 39th game is a grotesque idea,” said one fan on an online Liverpool forum , “and anyone who advocates for it really doesn’t understand what the basic DNA of English football is about.”
The head of European soccer’s governing body, Michel Platini,  isn’t keen either . When the 39th game was first proposed, he said: “In England, you already have no English coach, no English players and maybe now you will have no clubs playing in England. It’s a joke.” The 39th round was shelved (as was the non-English national team coach), but the idea has never completely disappeared. And now, it is back.
What’s lost in the debate is what more games abroad will mean for the players. The matches would come on top of an already hectic schedule of international matches and regional tournaments.  The Economist cited German researchers who found the deterioration in motor function of athletes after long trips lasted for as many days as the number of time zones they crossed. And that could be the irony of all this—so much time, effort, and money spent to play matches abroad that may not being any good to watch.
Share this:

L&T Tech Services to acquire Dell s engg services bizThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Will winds of change sweep Tamil NaduOct 08, 2014 at 06:24pm IST
Will winds of change sweep Tamil Nadu?
4
0
Chennai: Tamil Nadu had its last congress government under M. Bhaktavatsalam from 1963-67, after which the Dravidian movement of E.V. Ramasami Naicker ('Periyar') and C.N. Annadurai swept Tamil Nadu into a strong regional powerhouse.
Successive Governments of Dravida Munetra Kazhagam (DMK) and the breakaway group All-India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) later ensured congress never saw power for nearly 50 years. After M.G. Ramachandran (MGR) and M. Karunanidhi had difference of opinion, the friends-turned-foes broke off and MGR started his own political party. It did not take long for his filmdom heroine Jayalalithaa to join his party and after MGR's demise, though she was in the wilderness for a while, established herself as the lone leader of AIADMK.
Tamil Nadu has voted for these two regional parties alternately giving each a chance to govern the state almost unchallenged ignoring congress altogether.
With the AIADMK chief in jail and the DMK struggling to gain popularity, this is the right time for the Congress and the BJP to gain a foothold in the state.
#tamil nadu #congress #bjp #dmk
Congress was in its peak when Kamaraj Nadar ruled the state before he moved to the center as congress president and helped Prime Minister Nehru with his, 'Kamaraj Plan' to ease out powerful ministers at the centre who were looking for their own chance to lead after Nehru era.
It was Kamaraj who cleverly authored the plan and made sure all the ministers gave up their plum posts for 'party work', an euphemism to clear the deadwood. Subsequently, Indira Gandhi entered the cabinet as a minister later became congress president and perhaps the first move for the seeds of dynasty was sown.
It was only a matter of time before Indira took over the reins after infighting for power in which she clearly outmaneuvered her superior opponents, called the 'Syndicate' which ironically included Kamaraj Nadar himself.
The last Congress government was led by Bhakthavatsalam. After that the Dravidian movement ensured no congress government ever came to power in Tamil Nadu. Now it is almost a headless chicken not knowing where it is heading.
Prime Minister Narasimha Rao who shrewdly brought financial reforms that galvanized India also showed political cunningness to rope in charismatic and hugely popular actor Rajinikanth to lead congress in the state in the 1966 elections. The bus conductor-turned- actor, an outsider to State, was neither a Tamilian nor a politician.
Rao thought Rajini's phenomenal fan- following would dent both DMK and AIADMK sufficiently and pave way for Congress to come to power. But somewhere things went wrong and the enigmatic actor went away to Himalayas, as he often does, vowing never to enter politics again. Both the Regional parties must have heaved a huge sigh of relief at this unexpected development.
Corruption charges dogged both the parties during their rule. DMK has had to face huge charges of corruption against their ministers under Manmohan Singh's coalition government at the Centre.
Minister for Communications and Information Technology A. Raja, Member of Parliament in the Rajya Sabha and daughter of Karunanidhi, Kanimozhi and even Rajathi Ammal, Karunanidhi's wife herself were involved in corruption charges in 2G scam.
Both Raja and Kanimozhi served prison sentence before they were released on bail. The CBI has filed case against Karunanidhi's nephew and Minister for Communications and Information Technology (2004-2007) at Center, Dayanidhi Maran accusing him of corruption to the extent of Rs. 750 crores.
Thus the DMK family is mired in corruption charges and it will take some time before they can return to power in Tamil Nadu.
On the other hand, the decade and half cases seem to have caught up with Chief Minister Jayalalithaa. Although she was acquitted in a few cases, she was charged and convicted by a Court in Karnataka in the Disproportionate Assets case and given a sentence of 4 years and a penalty of mind-boggling fine of Rs. 100 crores.
Jayalalithaa herself had requested to have the case transferred to Karnataka as she feared she might not get full justice if the case was tried in Tamil Nadu. As it turned out she was found guilty by special court Judge John Michael D'Cunnah and his pronouncement, though very much welcome in fight against corruption, has stunned the nation and sent shivers down the spine of many a politician involved in corruption.
DMK and AIADMK facing either corruption charges, battling courts and inevitable time to be spent in jail if convicted, this is the best opportunity for other parties to make their presence felt.
Jayalalitha is also debarred from contesting any election for 10 years. Without any other leader to take her place, AIADMK's chances at elections are close to zero. DMK is not in a great position, mired as they are in corruption charges.
Other smaller parties in Tamil Nadu are too small and insignificant to come to power. They have survived being part of a coalition with the two major parties in the State.
This is the right time for Congress and BJP to gain a foothold in the political affairs of the State. Congress thus far has been reduced to a nonentity and whether they are in a position to use the golden opportunity after being out of power for nearly half a century remains to be seen. The Congress is in total shambles at national level with competence of its own leaders under question. After the huge loss in the general election, the party is almost reduced to a regional party making it difficult for Congress to fill the power vacuum in TN.
On the other hand, it is great opportunity for BJP to make its presence here after winning so handsomely at the center. BJP which is a cadre based party should try to build a strong party to spread its tentacles here. It had a chance when it captured the state of Karnataka few years back. But corruption charges against the Chief Minister B.S. Yeddyurappa, his sons and some of his colleagues brought down the BJP government and ensured the return of Congress in the State after S.M. Krishna government.
There is a state of flux in Tamil Nadu and a great opportunity exists for the two national parties to make it count. In a State where film and politics go hand in hand whether a film star will make a dramatic entry into election cauldron remains to be seen. Will any party show political acumen, makes deft moves to capture power is something we will know soon. Although it is quite some distance from an election here, the early bird catches the worm.
It is quite possible winds of change finally will sweep Tamil Nadu.
37

Leonsis: Caps off to really good startBy Alex Prewitt October 8 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
Capitals owner Ted Leonsis saw Nicklas Backstrom on their way into the practice facility Tuesday morning, and they hugged and exchanged pleasantries. Leonsis had come for the media luncheon, which meant holding court with reporters and seeing his team for the first time in weeks.
“We’re off to a really, really good start,” Leonsis said.
Since training camp opened, Leonsis said, he had met Coach Barry Trotz once and the assistant coaches zero times. He spoke with General Manager Brian MacLellan before the train ride home from owners meetings in New York City, but they didn’t sit together. He congratulated recent signee Liam O’Brien on the forward’s first professional contract and made idle chatter with organization members also in the building. There were still players he hadn’t met, but at least Backstrom got a hug.
“What do I have to do to remove impediments for success?” Leonsis said he asked himself after a tumultuous 2013-14 season resulted in ridding Washington of its general manager and head coach. “That’s the role I think ownership should play.”
So Leonsis opened his wallet for things both big and small, such as the free agent signings of Matt Niskanen and Brooks Orpik ($67.75 million) or new carpeting for the locker room (probably pretty cheap at Home Depot).
It was, in a way, an implicit step back for management, though Leonsis said he hasn’t much changed. The Capitals have, though, bringing aboard Trotz and MacLellan, bolstering the blue-line depth, changing the culture, or at least the players say. But by virtue of the new carpet, and the new lockers, and the spending to the salary ceiling, Leonsis said, at some point, the onus falls onto the blades skating the ice.
“We needed that,” Leonsis said of the offseason changes. “We needed to have a big, rapid pivot because we didn’t meet our goals last year. And for our franchise, we’re spending to the cap max. We’ve sold every ticket, we built this beautiful training facility, we keep investing in infrastructure, we have the best partner in our AHL franchise. There’s not much more we can do organizationally. We have to leave it to the players and the staff and we enter this season in just that position. It’s all up to the players now.”
Missing the playoffs last season, for the first time since 2006-07, was cause for declining to renew general manager George McPhee’s contract and showing coach Adam Oates the door too. Accordingly, Leonsis said, the expectations this season are simple.
“My expectation is that because this is a world-class organization with great talent, that if we don’t make the playoffs, we’ll all be disappointed,” Leonsis said. “As I mentioned before, I can’t name a single team that’s won the Stanley Cup without making the playoffs.”
Stanley Cup notwithstanding, the new-look Capitals have engendered a wide range of preseason predictions from reporters — three of eight Sports Illustrated writers slotted Washington into the playoffs, for instance – and Leonsis said that might be such a bad thing for a new regime.
“I read all the hockey communiques, all the blogs, all the online stuff,” he said. “Not many people are even picking us to make the playoffs again. I’m not sure whether the players or coaching staff read that. I know some of our fans do. I have.
“Yeah, I think that could be positive. There aren’t a lot of expectations for us. Maybe there will be a different kind of pressure on the team, which is to prove experts wrong. But I think they’re in this for the right reason. They think they have a good team. They think we have good personnel and we haven’t achieved our goals. The first goal we have to reestablish is we have to make the playoffs.”
>> Leonsis expressed more excitement over the 2015 Winter Classic at Nationals Park and said there have been discussions about adding extra seats.
“I think the game, to be honest, sold out before we even put the tickets up on sale,” he said. “You have to remember: It’s not our game; it’s the NHL’s game. They give us tickets; they give Chicago tickets; they keep tickets and then they’ll put some up for sale. They sold out the 100,000 at the Big House [in Michigan], and it was probably 45,000 here. Yeah, they’re all spoken for. In fact, they’re talking about do we have to put up some different seats, additional seats, bleachers and the like.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Where the wild things wereBy Ron Charles October 8 Follow @roncharles
“Sea Monsters on Medieval and Renaissance Maps,” by Chet Van Duzer (British Library).
This summer, the “psychogeographer”  Alastair Bonnett got me thinking about what we’ve given up with our over-dependence on Google Maps: the serendipity of stumbling upon an unknown place, the disorienting thrill of getting lost. But that’s not all: What about the sea monsters?
For hundreds of years, the finest maps were decorated with exotic creatures swimming out in the nether regions of the world. If you’re missing them this Halloween season, take heart: They’re all brought back from extinction by Chet Van Duzer’s beautifully illustrated book “Sea Monsters on Medieval and Renaissance Maps,” available this month in paperback.
“Sea Monsters on Medieval and Renaissance Maps,” by Chet Van Duzer (British Library).
“Even the most extravagant medieval sea monsters on maps were drawn from sources that the cartographers believed to be reliable,” Van Duzer says. “They were included on maps as information.”
But not information as we think of information, e.g. “Siri, how do I get to the Kennedy Center?”
Van Duzer says, “Most medieval world maps, called mappaemundi, were not tools for navigation, and indeed were so vague that they would be of little use in planning a journey. Their function was didactic: They showed in a general way how the different regions of the world were situated with relation to each other. They were to be studied and contemplated, rather than used as travel guides.”
“Sea Monsters on Medieval and Renaissance Maps,” by Chet Van Duzer (British Library).
These weren’t crowdsourced documents, of course. “In the Middle Ages there was no regulation of mapmakers at all,” Van Duzer notes, “and anyone who could draw a map could add whatever outlandish creatures he or she pleased, just as a painter could add outlandish creatures to a painting.”
At a time when travel was difficult, expensive and rare, these elaborately decorated maps served as windows on the world for wealthy people — and a way off showing of their sophistication and knowledge. There’s nothing like an intimate familiarity with the hoge – it looks like an aquatic wolf — to impress your friends!
And like our UFOs and Bigfoot sightings , these monsters also tell us something about that distant age: “Sea monsters certainly expressed a fear of the unknown depths of the ocean,” he says, “and also, in some cases, of the unknown dangers of distant regions. The Indian Ocean, the most distant ocean from Europe, tends to have a higher number of sea monsters than other oceans on medieval European maps.”
Van Duzer says it wasn’t till the middle of the 16th century that cartographers gradually began to invent fantastical creatures and use them for purely decorative purposes. In the end, they were killed off by more frequent travel and more reliable science. “Nowadays, the vast majority of maps are utilitarian, so there are few sea monsters.” Sigh.
“I don’t want to suggest that artistry is not part of the creation of modern maps, but in terms of artistic objects for display and contemplation, yes, I do think that medieval and Renaissance maps are superior.”
“Sea Monsters on Medieval and Renaissance Maps,” by Chet Van Duzer (British Library).
 
Ron Charles is the editor of The Washington Post's Book World. For a dozen years, he enjoyed teaching American literature and critical theory in the Midwest, but finally switched to journalism when he realized that if he graded one more paper, he'd go crazy.

Wall Street opens flat after selloffS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Fuel prices likely to be cut after state electionsHi Guest
Fuel prices likely to be cut after state elections
Prices have declined 18 per cent this year A Rs 2.50 per litre cut in diesel prices and a little less than Re 1 a litre on petrol is in offing as international oil rates fell to a 27-month low. Prices may be cut after Maharashtra and Haryana assembly elections are completed on October 15, sources privy to the development said. Benchmark Brent crude today slid by as much as $1.35 to $90.76 a barrel, its lowest level since June 2012. Prices have declined 18 per cent this year. The drop in rates ...

What made Nokia to suspend manufacturing operations in IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Telecom Commission may meet on October 15Oct 08, 2014, 07.25 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Telecom Commission may meet on October 15
Telecom regulator TRAI has already given its final view on issues that were raised with respect to full MNP, a service which will allow mobile subscribers to change their operator in any part of the country while retaining their number.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Telecom Commission may meet on October 15
Telecom regulator TRAI has already given its final view on issues that were raised with respect to full MNP, a service which will allow mobile subscribers to change their operator in any part of the country while retaining their number.
Post your opinion here
 
Telecom Commission is likely to meet on October 15 and discuss issues pertaining to the upcoming spectrum auction and full mobile number portability.
"The Telecom Commission will meet on October 15. The agenda has not been finalised yet but issues such as full MNP, NIA for the auctioneer and telecom connectivity to Andaman and Nicobar are likely to be taken up," a source in Department of Telecom said.
Telecom regulator TRAI has already given its final view on issues that were raised with respect to full MNP, a service which will allow mobile subscribers to change their operator in any part of the country while retaining their number. At present, a subscriber can avail such facility within same telecom service circle.
The working group at DoT on spectrum auction is also likely to place its study before Telecom Commission which comprises members from the DoT, Department of Electronics and IT, Planning Commission, Finance Ministry and Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion.
TRAI has given its recommendation with respect to auction of CDMA spectrum (800 Mhz band) and is working on recommendation for radiowaves in 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz band
which at present are used for GSM services by telecom operators like Airtel , Vodafone, Idea Cellular , Videocon .
It was, however, not clear if the spectrum sharing and trading rules will also be taken up for discussion.
TRAI has also given its recommendation for spectrum sharing and trading. These two proposals are aimed at facilitating telecom operators to get spectrum through a business deal from other telecom operator without having to wait for allocation from the government.
After Supreme Court verdict that cancelled 122 2G licences, government has been allocating spectrum through auction only.
RELATED NEWS

Civil aviation: Encourage PPP  devp 20 airports in Tier II  III cities  says Yes Bank  ASSOCHAM reportEconomy
Civil aviation: Encourage PPP, devp 20 airports in Tier II, III cities, says Yes Bank, ASSOCHAM report
FE Online | New Delhi | Published:  Oct 08 2014, 18:25  IST
Oct 08 2014, 18:25  IST
 

Cyclone Hudhud likely to hit AP  Odisha by O...Severe cyclonic storm likely to hit Andhra Pradesh, Odisha coast by October 12
ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 09.26PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(The Cyclone 'Hudhud' crossed…)
NEW DELHI: A cyclonic storm hurtling towards the north Andhra Pradesh and Odisha coasts is expected to make its landfall on Sunday around noon with a sustained wind speed of 130-140 kilometers per hour at its centre.
The storm, named Hudhud, has crossed the Andaman and Nicobar Islands on Wednesday noon. The met department said the cyclone would take the form of a severe cyclonic storm by Thursday morning and then a very severe cyclonic storm by Friday before it makes the landfall.
The same areas were hit last year by Phailin, the strongest cyclone to make landfall in India in more than a decade. While steps by the authorities to move people to safer places had kept loss of life minimal, Phailin had caused large-scale damage to crops.
"The cyclone (Hudhud) is likely to make landfall between Vishakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh and Gopalpur in Odisha on October 12 noon. The cyclone's impact will be less severe than Phailin," said Laxman Singh Rathore, director-general of the India Meteorological Department.
Four districts of Odisha - Khurda, Puri, Ganjam and Gajapati - and Andhra Pradesh's Vishakapatnam, Srikakulam and Vizianagaram districts are likely to be impacted by the storm.
An alert has been sounded in nine of Andhra Pradesh's 13 districts where standing crops of paddy, groundnut, sugarcane, pulses and other horticulture crops have yet to be harvested. The Odisha government has put 16 districts under high alerts. Paddy is the main crop in these areas.
"It is early to say what will be the losses and how much agriculture land will be impacted," said an agriculture department official of Andhra Pradesh. Water logging could impact standing crop of paddy, cotton and maize, he said.
BV Krishna Rao, managing director of Pattabhi Agro Foods, a rice exporter in Andhra Pradesh, said the damage to standing crop will not be similar to last year. "The paddy crop has not reached ripening stage, so we don't see major damage to the crop. Also, the major paddy growing belt of East and West Godavari and Krishna district are unlikely to be hit," he said.
In Odisha also, the agriculture department doesn't expect losses to be as bad as during Phailin. "The cyclone should impact less than five lakh hectares, which was the case the previous year," said RS Gopalan, Odisha's agriculture director.
Short-duration paddy on 1.0-1.5 lakh hectares of land in southern Gunjam is expected to be hit, he said. It won't be possible for farmers to harvest the paddy before the cyclone strikes as the grains still have moisture content, he said.
The cyclone, which crossed Andaman and Nicobar Islands close to Long Island in the morning hours on Wednesday, damaged thatched huts there. Breaking of tree branches caused minor damage to power and communication lines.
FEATURED ARTICLES

This fork makes your veggies taste like candyThe Aromafork Makes Veggies Taste Like Candy
Molecular gastronomy comes to your nose.
Christopher Snow
October 08, 2014
What would you give to make all your veggies taste like chocolate? Would you give $60 to a Canadian molecular gastronomy company called Molecule-R? Because that's how much it's asking for the new "Aromafork."
Molecular gastronomy is a subset of modern cuisine that borrows many of its innovations from the scientific community, but you don't need to be a scientist to know the tongue is only responsible for a portion of overall taste. It's your nose that fills in most of the subtleties of a given flavor, and that's how the Aromafork works.
Each Aromafork—you get four of them—has a notch near the prongs to hold a small, circular diffusing paper. Onto the diffuser you'll drop one of the 21 included aromas, like coffee, basil, peanut, ginger, smoke, and—yes—chocolate.
Of course the Aromafork isn't intended solely to mask the flavor of yucky vegetables, but rather to extend the possibilities for creative food pairings. Molecule-R's website suggests seared tuna with the aroma of truffle, or strawberries with a hint of mint, or eggs with a whiff of cilantro. The only limit is your creativity.
Even if you don't plan on going molecular at every meal, the Aromafork could certainly make for a few memorable dinner parties. For more information, check out Molecule-R.com .

http://usat.ly/1vQgLxYFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
New .nyc domain name goes on sale
The highly anticipated, top-level domain .nyc, which has only been available to a select group of non-profits and business owners, went on sale to the general public Wednesday.
Post to Facebook
New .nyc domain name goes on sale The highly anticipated, top-level domain .nyc, which has only been available to a select group of non-profits and business owners, went on sale to the general public Wednesday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vQgLxY
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
New .nyc domain name goes on sale
Nancy Trejos , USA TODAY 5:01 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
The new .nyc is available Oct. 8.
(Photo: Nancy Trejos, USA TODAY)
121 CONNECT 100 TWEET 36 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
New York real estate is always in demand, and now  New Yorkers have a chance to buy some — on the Internet.
The highly anticipated, top-level domain .nyc, which has been available only to a select group of non-profits and business owners, went on sale Wednesday to all residents of New York City.
It is part of the rollout of more than 1,300 new generic top-level domain names that could become available in the next few years, expanding options beyond .com, .org, .net and others that have dominated the Internet.
The body that loosely regulates the Internet, known as the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or ICANN, has been reviewing applications for new domain names since January 2012.
A few names that have already been approved are .photos, .expert, .guide and .bikes.
A number of geography-based domain names have also been approved, including .vegas, .london, .berlin, .tokyo and .miami.
"Domain names are 21st century real estate," says Mike McLaughlin, senior vice president and general manager of domains for GoDaddy.com, one of the registrars authorized to sell the names. "The theme is the increasing personalization and targeting of the Internet."
The names will be available to anyone, whether they are individuals or companies on a first-come, first-served basis. But unlike other geography-based names, such as .vegas and .london, those trying to get .nyc at the end of their website name must have physical addresses in one of the five New York City boroughs.
Residents can purchase the .nyc at a registry website such as GoDaddy.com, eNom.com and Name.com.
Prices vary for the new domain names. New Yorkers wanting a .nyc name can buy a one-year registration from GoDaddy on sale for $24.95. The retail price is $39.99 for a year, McLaughlin says.
Many travel and tourism-focused businesses have registered geography-based domain names in other cities where they have already gone on sale.
For instance, city officials in Las Vegas introduced Downtown.vegas to encourage visitors to explore that rapidly developing part of the city.
Since Sept. 1, slightly fewer than 10,000 users have registered sites with .vegas domain names, says Bart Mackay, a principal of Dot Vegas, the operator of the .vegas domain name. Prices range from $40 to $60 a year.
Unlike .nyc, anyone in the world can buy a .vegas domain name. Mackay sees that as a good thing.
"They would promote that site and promote Vegas around the world," he says.
121 CONNECT 100 TWEET 36 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vQgLxY
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

http://usat.ly/1t2G40EFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
New .nyc domain name goes on sale
The highly anticipated, top-level domain .nyc, which has only been available to a select group of non-profits and business owners, went on sale to the general public Wednesday.
Post to Facebook
New .nyc domain name goes on sale The highly anticipated, top-level domain .nyc, which has only been available to a select group of non-profits and business owners, went on sale to the general public Wednesday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vQgLxY
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
New .nyc domain name goes on sale
Nancy Trejos , USA TODAY 5:01 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
The new .nyc is available Oct. 8.
(Photo: Nancy Trejos, USA TODAY)
121 CONNECT 100 TWEET 36 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
New York real estate is always in demand, and now  New Yorkers have a chance to buy some — on the Internet.
The highly anticipated, top-level domain .nyc, which has been available only to a select group of non-profits and business owners, went on sale Wednesday to all residents of New York City.
It is part of the rollout of more than 1,300 new generic top-level domain names that could become available in the next few years, expanding options beyond .com, .org, .net and others that have dominated the Internet.
The body that loosely regulates the Internet, known as the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or ICANN, has been reviewing applications for new domain names since January 2012.
A few names that have already been approved are .photos, .expert, .guide and .bikes.
A number of geography-based domain names have also been approved, including .vegas, .london, .berlin, .tokyo and .miami.
"Domain names are 21st century real estate," says Mike McLaughlin, senior vice president and general manager of domains for GoDaddy.com, one of the registrars authorized to sell the names. "The theme is the increasing personalization and targeting of the Internet."
The names will be available to anyone, whether they are individuals or companies on a first-come, first-served basis. But unlike other geography-based names, such as .vegas and .london, those trying to get .nyc at the end of their website name must have physical addresses in one of the five New York City boroughs.
Residents can purchase the .nyc at a registry website such as GoDaddy.com, eNom.com and Name.com.
Prices vary for the new domain names. New Yorkers wanting a .nyc name can buy a one-year registration from GoDaddy on sale for $24.95. The retail price is $39.99 for a year, McLaughlin says.
Many travel and tourism-focused businesses have registered geography-based domain names in other cities where they have already gone on sale.
For instance, city officials in Las Vegas introduced Downtown.vegas to encourage visitors to explore that rapidly developing part of the city.
Since Sept. 1, slightly fewer than 10,000 users have registered sites with .vegas domain names, says Bart Mackay, a principal of Dot Vegas, the operator of the .vegas domain name. Prices range from $40 to $60 a year.
Unlike .nyc, anyone in the world can buy a .vegas domain name. Mackay sees that as a good thing.
"They would promote that site and promote Vegas around the world," he says.
121 CONNECT 100 TWEET 36 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vQgLxY
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

Deutsche MF announces dividend under its 2 schemesOct 08, 2014, 07.29 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Deutsche MF announces dividend under its 2 schemes
Deutsche Mutual Fund has announced dividend under the DWS Alpha Equity Fund and DWS Investment Opportunity Fund, the record date for dividend is October 13, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Deutsche MF announces dividend under its 2 schemes
Deutsche Mutual Fund has announced dividend under the DWS Alpha Equity Fund and DWS Investment Opportunity Fund, the record date for dividend is October 13, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Deutsche Mutual Fund  has announced dividend under the dividend options of  DWS Alpha Equity Fund and DWS Investment Opportunity Fund . The record date for declaration of dividend is October 13, 2014.
The amount of dividend on the face value of Rs 10 per unit will be:
DWS Alpha Equity Fund  - Wealth Plan, Regular Plan & Direct Plan: Rs 1.00 per unit each.
DWS Investment Opportunity Fund  - Direct Plan: Rs 10 per unit.
Q

Elliott goes public on EMC position: Faber
Five things debate-a-palooza revealed about the battle for the SenateBy Sean Sullivan October 8 Follow @WaPoSean
Sen. Kay Hagan, left, D-N.C., and North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis participate in a live televised debate at UNC-TV studios in Research Triangle Park, N.C., Tuesday, Oct. 7, 2014. (AP Photo/Gerry Broome, Pool)
Candidates debated Tuesday in five battleground Senate races -- North Carolina, Georgia, Virginia, West Virginia and Colorado -- offering a glimpse at their strategies during the final 27 days of the campaign.
Here are our five biggest takeaways:
1. Republicans remain laser-focused on tying Democrats to President Obama.
Georgia Republican David Perdue and North Carolina Republican Thom Tillis sounded like they were reading from the same script. Tillis repeatedly said Sen. Kay Hagan (D) would be a "rubber stamp" for Obama while Perdue cast Democrat Michelle Nunn over and over again as the "hand-picked" candidate of Obama and Democratic leaders. This has been and will be the defining characteristic of the Republican playbook. They've run ads on Obama, they talk about him wherever they go and there is no sign that will change in the final weeks. And why would it? Obama's approval rating remains mired in the low 40 percent range and he just handed Republicans more fodder when he said his policies were effectively on the ballot this fall. The president is Democrats' biggest challenge -- if they lose the Senate majority, plenty of fingers will point down Pennsylvania Avenue toward the White House.
2. Meanwhile, Democrats are preaching independence. Will that message resonate enough?
"I just want to remind Congressman Gardner he's running against me, not Barack Obama, not my father, not Harry Reid," said Sen. Mark Udall (D-Colo.) in his debate against Rep. Cory Gardner (R). Hagan pointed out that National Journal decided her voting record  falls at the ideological center of the Senate. Nunn repeatedly cast herself as a bipartisan leader capable of working with both sides. One of the central questions of this election is whether enough voters buy that message at a time when Republicans are trying to tie them to an unpopular president. It's a bit easier for Nunn than it is for Hagan and Udall, since Nunn does not have a congressional voting record. But she's also running in a more Republican state than the other two.
3. Nunn will hammer Perdue over his outsourcing comment. Again and again. 
Just when it was starting to look like Republicans were in the driver's seat in the Georgia, Politico reported last week  that during a 2005 deposition, Perdue was asked to describe his experience with outsourcing and responded, "Yeah, I spent most of my career doing that." It came up in Tuesday's debate. A lot. Sometimes from the moderators, sometimes from Nunn, who also released a TV ad on the same subject Tuesday. Perdue said that Democrats are cherry picking one line from 186 pages. But sometimes one line is all it takes to derail a campaign. Perdue can recover from this, but the race is much more interesting than it was a week ago.
4. There were no big momentum-shifting moments. That's good news for Mark Warner and Shelley Moore Capito. 
Remember when Jan Brewer drew a blank for what felt like forever during a televised debate? Or when Richard Mourdock said  "even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape, that it is something that God intended" to happen? There was none of that on Tuesday. That's good news for Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.) and Rep. Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.), who hold sizable leads in their respective races. If they continue to run steady campaigns and the national environment doesn't shift dramatically between now and Election Day, it's hard to see either of them losing.
5. Candidates will talk about what they want to talk about.
Even when presented with direct questions from opponents or moderators, candidates in the North Carolina and Georgia debates quickly pivoted to their own talking points -- sometimes on subjects that were only vaguely related to the question. Campaign schedules are so carefully scripted, candidates are so talking point-oriented and media appearances are so calculated that even a single moment of campaign candor seems unlikely.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

BHEL bags Rs 78 bn EPC contract for power projectThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Coal India divestment to start after Diwali  says top officialThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India s UDI like programmes can help target poverty: ReportThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian schoolgirl suffocated in school bus in UAEThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

TSE invites Indian companies to raise capitalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Fo stock bankindia has matched piercing line bullish today  which is a...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Hold for release of bmw tvs bikes and see the fantastic results tvs wi...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Safe heaven ..gold..is now your mercy...will u buy ...lower tgt usd 90...Platinum Member
170 Followers
Safe heaven.. Gold.. Is now your mercy... Will u buy... Lower tgt usd 900? Financial market will soon create panic in oct month as per previous data.... So decide yourself before any action...!!! Jppower  may fall but not severely...!!!
7.57 PM Oct 8th

Something fishy going on here. .....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

US economy grows 4.6%US economy grows 4.6%
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c855a314-4586-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Work on brains GPS wins Nobel PrizeWork on brain’s ‘inner GPS’ system wins Nobel medicine prize
By Clive Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/657bb582-4d3b-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Wealthy Have Gotten Less GenerousWealthy Have Gotten Less Generous As Poor Give More To Charity
 | By                                                                DAVID CRARY
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Even as the income gap widens, the wealthiest Americans are giving a smaller share of their income to charity, while poor and middle-income people are donating a larger share, according to an extensive analysis of IRS data conducted by the Chronicle of Philanthropy.
The Chronicle, a leading source of news coverage of the nonprofit world, said in a report being released Monday that Americans who earned $200,000 or more reduced the share of their income they gave to charity by 4.6 percent from 2006 to 2012. Those earning less than $100,000 donated 4.5 percent more of their income, the report said.
The Chronicle's analysis was based on tax returns filed by Americans who itemize their deductions, including their charitable gifts. Rankings were compiled for states and metropolitan areas based on the ratio of contributions to adjusted gross income.
According to the report, changes in giving patterns were most pronounced in major cities, where the percentage of income that residents donated dropped markedly between 2006 and 2012. In Philadelphia and Buffalo, New York, the share of income given to charity fell by more than 10 percent; there was a 9 percent drop in Los Angeles, Minneapolis-St. Paul and Washington, D.C.
Tami Phillips of the Midnight Mission, a Los Angeles charity serving homeless people, credited gifts from low- and moderate-income people, for helping sustain its programs during the recession.
"It hits closer to home," said Phillips. "Any day, they too could become homeless."
The Chronicle's editor, Stacy Palmer, noted that wealthy donors, overall, were more oriented toward support of the arts and higher education than lower-income donors, and less oriented toward support of social-service charities.
At the state level, residents of Utah were the nation's most generous, donating $65.60 to charity for every $1,000 they earned. One factor is Utah's large presence of Mormons, whose church practices call for them to give at least 10 percent of their income to charity.
Mississippi, Alabama and Tennessee — also with high proportions of loyal churchgoers — were next in the rankings.
At the bottom of the list was New Hampshire, where residents gave $17.40 for every $1,000 they earned. Its neighbors, Maine and Vermont, were the next lowest.
Palmer suggested that the low rankings for northern New England stemmed in part from low rates of church attendance, but also from residents' "independent streak" and a tradition of self-reliance.
Nevada was the state with the fastest-growing rate of donations as a share of income, jumping nearly 13 percent from 2006 to 2012. Its major metropolis, Las Vegas, was the fastest-growing city in terms of generosity, rising 21 places since 2006 in a ranking of the country's 50 largest urban areas.
North Dakota experienced the biggest decline in giving. Residents reduced the share of income they donated by nearly 16 percent, contributing $24 for every $1,000 earned on average. The Chronicle said that dip could have serious implications, given the increasing demand for social services as newcomers stream in to take advantage of the state's oil boom.
Among the 50 largest cities, Salt Lake City had the most generous residents, giving away 5.4 percent of their incomes. It was followed by Memphis, Tennessee; Birmingham, Alabama; Atlanta, and Nashville, Tennessee.
In sixth place was Jacksonville, Florida — which trailed only Las Vegas for the biggest growth rate in giving between 2006 and 2012.
The report detailed how Jacksonville donors had rallied behind a campaign to improve the region's public schools via a Quality Education for All fund launched in 2005 with a goal of raising $50 million. The effort has borne fruit, with Duval County's graduation rate rising from 53.5 percent in 2008 to 72 percent in 2013, and a new campaign is underway focusing on 37 of the district's historically lowest-performing schools.
The cities where residents gave the smallest share of their income to charity were Hartford, Connecticut; Providence, Rhode Island, and San Jose, California.
___

Watch: Too Big to Jailreddit
Previously published on BillMoyers.com .
Attorney General Eric Holder's resignation last week reminds us of an infuriating fact: No banking executives have been criminally prosecuted for their role in causing the biggest financial disaster since the Great Depression.
"I blame Holder. I blame Timothy Geithner," veteran bank regulator William K. Black tells me this week. "But they are fulfilling administration policies. The problem definitely comes from the top. And remember, Obama wouldn't have been president but for the financial contribution of bankers."
And the rub? While large banks have been penalized for their role in the housing meltdown, the costs of those fines will be largely borne by shareholders and taxpayers as the banks write off the fines as the cost of doing business. And by and large these top executives got to keep their massive bonuses and compensation, despite the fallout.
But the story gets even more infuriating, the more Black lays bare the culture of corruption that led to the meltdown.
"The Clinton, Bush and Obama administrations all could have prevented [the financial meltdown]," Black tells me. And what's worse, Black -- who exposed the so-called Keating Five -- believes the next crisis is coming: "We have created the incentive structures that [are] going to produce a much larger disaster."
Moyers & Company airs weekly on public television. Explore more at BillMoyers.com .
Follow Bill Moyers on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BillMoyersHQ
More:

To Vaccinate Or Not To Vaccinatereddit
In some of the Los Angeles neighborhoods with a reputation for being health and fitness conscious, a scary but preventable disease has begun affecting young children at abnormally high rates. The disease, pertussis, also known as whooping cough, used to kill thousands of children and infants each year in the first half of the twentieth century but was considered nearly eradicated in the U.S. until recently, when cases of whooping cough swept over elementary schools from Malibu and Beverly Hills to Marina del Rey. The cause: parents failing to vaccinate young children against the life-threatening disease.
According to a recent investigation , in some Westside schools, as many as 60 to 70 percent of parents have turned in paperwork indicating their abstention from vaccinating their children, a self-imposed exemption allowed by law. These schools have a vaccination rate that dips as low as the levels in Chad or South Sudan -- where poverty, not personal preference, limits parents' access to lifesaving vaccines.
Parents' choosing to opt their children out of vaccinations does not just endanger the lives of their own children but of the community at large. Studies show that 92 to 94 percent of a population must be vaccinated to protect against outbreaks. The average rate of immunization exemption in Santa Monica and Malibu is 15 percent .
As a result, Los Angeles County has seen a resurgence of whooping cough and a higher level of measles cases among school-aged children.
Parents that opt their children out of vaccinations may have succumbed to unproven anxieties over the ingredients and side-effects of vaccinations. Others may have bought into the discredited theory that immunizations can cause autism. (A 2004 scientific review produced by the Institute of Medicine and supported by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention wholly rejects any causal relationship between vaccinations and autism.)
In the Parents Action for Children video, Your Healthy Baby , we discuss the facts on giving your child all of the resources for a healthy life and the importance of visiting a doctor with your child. To give our kids the best possible foundation for a healthy life, we need to listen to the best available advice -- that of a medical professional, your doctor.
Many medical and health associations, including the Centers for Disease Control, the Food and Drug Administration, the American Medical Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics, UNICEF, and the World Health Organization, strongly support safe vaccinations, such as those that protect against whooping cough and measles.
Here's why you should take note and talk to your pediatrician about vaccinating your child:
· Vaccinations save lives. The Centers for Disease Control estimated that over 732,000 American children were saved from terminal diseases between 1994 and 2004 due to immunization. Childhood fatalities from measles, for instance, were reduced by 74 percent as a result of measles vaccinations.
· Vaccinations work through "herd immunization." When a significant portion of the population is vaccinated against a contagious disease, the risk of outbreak reduced drastically , protecting the community at large.
· Adverse side effects are very rare. The FDA requires up to 10 or more years of testing for all vaccines before they are licensed. More common side effects, such as a sore arm or mild fever, are minor and temporary and can be controlled by taking acetaminophen before or after the vaccination. More serious reactions occur extremely rarely (on the order of one per thousands or one per millions of vaccinations), according to the CDC.
· Immunizations will save you time and money. Having your child vaccinated will cost less than treating your sick child, factoring in the cost of time off of work to care for a sick child, potential long-term disability care, and medical costs.
· Diseases preventable by vaccine still pose a serious threat if vaccination rates drop too low. Although increasingly rare (due to high rates of vaccinations), diseases such as whooping cough and measles still threaten your child, especially in populated areas. In Japan in 1976 , vaccination rates against whooping cough dropped to the dangerously low level of 10 percent, which precipitated an outbreak that claimed 41 lives.
We owe our children the healthiest start to life, and this obligation includes heeding the sound advice of medical professionals in making critical health decisions for our families.
More:

Samsung Brings Arbitration Against MicrosoftYou are here: Home Corporates
Samsung Brings Arbitration Against Microsoft After Royalty Lawsuit
Reuters | Updated On: October 08, 2014 00:28 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New York: Samsung Electronics Co Ltd initiated an arbitration proceeding in Hong Kong against Microsoft Corp on Tuesday, amid ongoing US litigation over smartphone patent royalties.
The arbitration was disclosed in a court filing as part of a lawsuit Microsoft filed in August in New York federal court accusing Samsung of refusing to make royalty payments to Microsoft after the software company announced its intention to acquire Nokia's handset business.
Samsung said it filed the request for arbitration with the Hong Kong office of the International Court of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce. The filing did not indicate why the arbitration is taking place in Hong Kong.
The arbitration was commenced under the terms of a business collaboration agreement "to resolve a dispute concerning the calculation of success credits under that agreement", Samsung said.
Representatives for Samsung and Microsoft did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The arbitration came just days after Microsoft filed an amended complaint in its New York lawsuit asking the court to rule that it did not breach a business collaboration agreement with Samsung.
Microsoft in the complaint also sought an order requiring Samsung to pay $6.9 million interest on more than $1 billion in royalty payments which it delayed in protest of the Nokia deal.
Samsung made royalty payments on time to Microsoft during the first fiscal year after they signed their 2011 agreement, the lawsuit said.
But after Microsoft announced the Nokia deal in September 2013, Samsung initially refused to make another payment, arguing the purchase breached its licensing agreement with Microsoft. Samsung eventually paid late without adding interest, Microsoft said.
Microsoft has successfully argued that Google Inc's Android mobile system uses some of its technology, and as a result most hardware makers, including Samsung, have agreed to pay patent royalties on Android handsets.
Motorola is one of the main holdouts, and that company has been in litigation against Microsoft since 2010.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Global Growth Worries Send Asian Stocks LowerKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Geithner Affirms in Court Need for AIG BailoutKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

New Spire investor emergesSpire bankruptcy nears end, new investor emerges
Video: Chicago Spire developer gains funding
Chicago Tribune reporter Mary Ellen Podmolik gives the latest update on the Chicago Spire.
Chicago Tribune reporter Mary Ellen Podmolik gives the latest update on the Chicago Spire.
New investor may back Chicago Spire project.
Clock ticking on developer's plan for Chicago Spire now that bankruptcy deal has been OK'd.
Chicago Spire developers have about 3 weeks to arrange at least partial financing.
A bankruptcy reorganization plan for the company behind the Chicago Spire was confirmed in federal court Tuesday, as a new potential investment partner emerged in developer Garrett Kelleher’s quest to complete the famously unfinished project.
Chicago Spire developer Garrett Kelleher is free to pursue other financial backers to try and get his company out of bankruptcy and potentially restart the project. ( Mary Ellen Podmolik )
During a confirmation hearing in federal bankruptcy court in Chicago, attorneys for Kelleher’s Shelbourne North Water Street and its financial partner in the reorganization, Atlas Apartment Holdings, said they had a conditional commitment letter from StoneBeck Capital, of New York City, to fund Shelbourne’s reorganization plan.
But the confirmation of the plan starts the clock ticking, and much must be accomplished for Kelleher, Shelbourne and Atlas to hold on to the site past the end of the month. Under the reorganization plan, Shelbourne has until Oct. 31 to make at least a partial payment to Related Midwest, which acquired the debt on the coveted site more than a year ago and helped force Shelbourne into bankruptcy in October 2013.
8
In February, Kelleher crafted a financing agreement with Northbrook-based Atlas Apartment Holdings under which it would supply, either from its own funds or from other investors, up to $135 million to enable Shelbourne to pay creditors and exit bankruptcy. In return, Atlas would take control of the 2.2-acre site at 400 N. Lake Shore Drive and, with Kelleher’s assistance, develop the site. Kelleher has said he still wants to construct the twisting 2,000-foot-tall residential building he imagined before the housing market crashed.
The site has remained a fenced-off hole in the ground since 2008.
1
Once out of bankruptcy, the Atlas-Shelbourne team still would need to secure construction financing for any project.
On Tuesday, attorneys for Shelbourne and Atlas cautioned that the nine-page conditional financing letter from StoneBeck included three pages of substance and six pages of caveats. Terms of the commitment letter were kept confidential, but an appraisal and environmental survey of the site have not been completed, attorneys said.
Atlas continues to "spend money by the bucket load" to advance an agreement, Atlas attorney Doug Bacon told U.S. Bankruptcy Court Judge Janet Baer. "This is a better deal and it is more likely to close," he told Baer. But he noted: "You don't know you have a deal until the money flows."
Baer questioned the tight turnaround time for Atlas and StoneBeck to craft a deal before the Oct. 31 deadline. "It's a legitimate concern," Bacon told the court. "It's going to come right down to the wire."
There is no alternate financing plan or source waiting in the wings if the StoneBeck talks fall apart, attorneys told the court.
After the hearing, Northbrook-based Atlas' CEO Steve Ivankovich said he has worked with StoneBeck previously and the agreement now under discussion "is a juicy deal for us. I give it a better than 50 percent shot but it’s tough to say. This is a very tight, tough site to get your head around.”
In seeking confirmation of the plan, Shelbourne attorney Joseph Frank told Baer that Kelleher "could have thrown in the towel. He didn't."
After the hearing, Kelleher said that he was delighted with the plan's confirmation and that the work toward a last-minute financing agreement didn't really surprise him. "It was always going to be a bit of a drill."
Under the payment schedule, Shelbourne must pay Related more than $109 million by Oct. 31 or $22 million by Oct. 31 and more than $92 million by March 31, 2015, to fulfill the terms of the plan. If neither of those payments is made by Oct. 31, the reorganization plan calls for Related to take title to the property and pay other creditors' claims. Related also would take control of the site if Shelbourne and Kelleher decide not to move forward with the plan.
A spokeswoman for Related declined comment. Representatives from StoneBeck were not immediately available.

Six tips for increasing word-of-mouth referrals0
Bake word-of-mouth referrals into expectations. Many companies make the mistake of asking for referrals after the product or service has been delivered. You can take that route, but setting expectations upfront can be helpful as well. Send a quick note telling new customers that you intend to provide an incredible level of customer service and support, and that in return, you and your business really rely on word-of-mouth referrals.
Offer time-bound referral bonuses. Customers will often file your referral offer in the back of their minds in case they hear of someone who they think would work well. That doesn't really work, as people get busy and forget. It's often more effective to offer a bonus that's time bound — say, a two-week window — with a specific discount or gift offer. That way, your customers can take a couple minutes to think through who could use your service and make introductions right away.
Make how you would like referrals clear. Simply asking for referrals leaves too much up to your customers' imagination. Have a specific process in place. For example, have them fill out a referral form on your website.
Do something unexpected after the engagement. Even if your relationship with a customer has at some point hit a snag, the last impression you leave them with is often the longest lasting. Like a restaurant that gives you a free box of chocolates at the end of the meal, provide something unexpected and unpaid for after your time together. For a service business, this could be a free add-on 30 minute consultation on a related issue; for a product-based business, this could be an inexpensive accessory you find that many customers need.
Be incredibly thankful. This seems obvious, but so many businesses forget about it. Unless your price point is very low, having someone on your team place a call, send a handwritten note or send a gift for a referral is almost always worth it. (Yes, a handwritten note — when was the last time you got one of those?) It's easy to send an auto-generated email — the incredibly thankful part is taking that extra step.
Automate all reminders and referral processes. This seems counterintuitive, but it's important. Personalized, tailored thank-yous, emails and reminders take time. While dealing with everyday crises, onboarding new customers and dealing with a thousand other things, it can be easy to lose track of referral processes. Make sure that your CRM or calendar generates reminders to get everything you need out at the right time.
John Rood is founder and president of Next Step Test Preparation. Next Step provides one-on-one tutoring for graduate-level entrance exams nationwide.

Did Comcast Get a Man Fired From His Job for Complaining About Its Service"Tell me again, why don't you like our service?"
Photo by Fuse/Thinkstock
Update, Oct. 8, 11 a.m.: Ars Technica confirmed the account described in this story over lunch last Friday with the man, Conal O'Rourke, in Northern California. O'Rourke was fired from his job at PriceWaterhouseCoopers (PWC) earlier this year after his extended dispute with Comcast. Ars Technica reports that he provided "an astonishing amount of documentation" and is threatening to sue Comcast if the company does not apologize, retract its comments to his employer, restore his job, and pay him $100,312.50 by Oct. 14.
Innovative might not be the first word that comes to mind in describing Comcast. But are we giving the company credit where credit is due? Let's face it, after that harrowing 18-minute customer service call went viral in July, it looked like Comcast had nothing more to strive for—it had reached peak horrible. Yet if reports this week are accurate, Comcast has continued to shine as an innovator in the competitive field of corporate terribleness: It got a customer's employer to fire him for complaining about shoddy customer service.
Advertisement
The full story in all its sadistic glory is at Consumerist , but here's the SparkNotes version. A customer named "Conal" started subscribing to Comcast service in early 2013. There were issues: erroneous charges, bills that never arrived, discounts that weren't applied. Conal considered canceling his service, but decided to stick with it after a Comcast rep promised that the issues would be resolved and threw in some free perks. As another friendly gesture, the company also allegedly sent and billed Conal for $1,820 of equipment he'd never ordered.
Top Comment
I posted about this before during the last wave of Comcast outrage....and I'm happy to fan the flames again! Comcast is terrible.   More...
-Benton Love
Join In
This is where it gets crazy. Conal, understandably frustrated, decided to bypass the customer service department and take his complaints straight to the Comcast controller. During the call, he claims, he suggested that a private-sector oversight group look into Comcast's billing and accounting issues. Shortly after that call, Comcast contacted Conal's employer—a large accounting firm that Consumerist reports happened to do business with Comcast. The rep claimed that Conal had name-dropped his employer as leverage during the call; according to the story, the firm opened an investigation against Conal and then fired him from his job.
It's hard to know who's telling the truth here. Conal tells Consumerist that he never mentioned his employer and that someone at Comcast must have looked him up to figure out where he worked. Comcast, for its part, has allegedly refused to release any tapes of the phone calls it made on the matter. That's a little strange: If Conal did invoke his company's name in a threatening way, Comcast could easily prove as much by excerpting the relevant portion of his call. So much for monitoring "for quality assurance purposes." If you want it done right, record the call yourself .
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

HSBC outsources pension assets to FidelityHSBC outsources £1.8bn of pension assets to Fidelity
By Chris Flood
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/acee571e-3768-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan Tobacco set to close last UK plantLast updated: October 7, 2014 8:23 pm
Japan Tobacco set to close last UK plant
By Roger Blitz
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec286170-4e44-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Imperial powers ahead in ecigarette marketImperial Tobacco powers ahead in ecigarette market
By Duncan Robinson and Shannon Bond
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/467664cc-0c25-11e4-a096-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Experts reject fears of airborne EbolaExperts reject fears Ebola could become airborne
By Clive Cookson, Science Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2a988c5e-4e32-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Waldorf buyer boasts Deng Xiaoping linksOctober 7, 2014 12:13 pm
Waldorf Astoria buyer boasts links to Deng Xiaoping
By FT Reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3201e2b2-4e0d-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese regulator bias is not clear-cut© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7082de52-4e3e-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LED work wins Nobel Prize for physicsLED invention wins Nobel Prize for physics
By Clive Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be5d3fd4-4e05-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rio Tinto/Glencore  the iron throne© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/6852dc54-4d7c-11e4-9683-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dhoni bets on Rahane as openerUpdated: October 8, 2014 02:07 IST
Dhoni bets on Rahane as opener
Principal Correspondent
With an eye on the World Cup, M.S. Dhoni is of the view that Ajinkya Rahane is well-suited to start the innings. Photo: K. Pichumani
TOPICS
cricket
In a rare instance of M.S. Dhoni revealing his hand, he elaborated on the composition of the India team for the World Cup next year.
Speaking to the media on Tuesday ahead of the first ODI here between India and the West Indies, the India skipper said Ajinkya Rahane and Rohit Sharma would likely swap places with the former donning the opener’s role.
“I personally feel Ajinkya is well-suited to do the opener’s job. Even in the IPL, he opens and plays well on the most difficult wickets. He should take the responsibility of being the opener, which means Rohit can shift to the middle order. Ideally, it’s a place that suits both and gives us much more depth. It’s something we’ll have to wait and watch.”
Genuine concern
Dhoni made no bones about acknowledging, as he has done in the past, that death-bowling was a “genuine concern.” “The death bowling, with the extra fielder inside, has become tougher for the bowlers.
“(Mohammed) Shami is the one who has consistently bowled yorkers for us at the death. You may have a few variations but bowling good yorkers is non-negotiable.”
The 33-year-old said “too many” spinners won’t make the cut for the 2015 World Cup.
“We’ll have to see who all are there. Ravindra Jadeja is there, Axar Patel is there and he is someone who can contribute. We’re trying Kuldeep (Yadav) in this series, Amit Mishra is there. There are not many games, but we’ll see what we can achieve from the ODIs we have before the World Cup.”
Dhoni also spoke about ‘the bigger picture’ of winning the World Cup.
“The most important thing will be to look to win this series, but at the same time we want to do a few things.
“We don’t want to go to Australia and say, ‘Okay, we should have done this’. We’ll try to make the most of the opportunities we’ve got to see what all the cricketers we have can offer.”

Focus on Hong Kong tycoonsOctober 6, 2014 5:14 pm
Hong Kong should focus its fight on the tycoon economy
By Joe Studwell
The real target is the anti-competitive, anti-consumer economy, writes Joe Studwell
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6885b4e6-4d43-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kishore Biyani takes on e-tailers in ad campaignKishore Biyani takes on e-tailers in advertising campaign
Sanjay Singh     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 12:45 IST
Future Group Owner Kishore Biyani
As leading e-tailers Flipkart and Snapdeal have raised the pitch in the fierce competition for attracting customers during the festive season, bricks and mortar giant Future Group struck back with the tagline on Tuesday: "No deal can win the trust of a billion people, you have to earn it."
This appeared to be an oblique reference to the discount bonanzas being offered by e-tailers. The Kishore Biyani run physical retailer further stated in an ad blitz: "You can't take a nation for granted even for a day.
Since 15 years, we have always offered honest promotions and discounts. We stock enough to let everyone benefit only to give you the most genuine offers and sales."
Future Group upped the ante with the ad campaign offering 'free shopping' to its customers through points earned on Future Group shopping cards. The offer is valid till October 12.
The 'free shopping' card, earned through points on goods bought from Future Group formats, is valid for the following 12 months, the company said.
Meanwhile, Flipkart continued with its aggressive campaign to lure customers with its fashion subsidiary Myntra coming up with a Cracker Sale on Tuesday.
Myntra is offering up to 50 per cent off on goods ranging from apparel to shoes that include top brands such as Adidas and Puma. Apparel from United Colours of Benetton are being offered at a 40-per cent discount. The discount was even higher at 60 per cent for ethnic wear that included sarees, salwars, kurtas and kurtis.
In addition, Myntra is offering attractive gifts such as Maruti Swift, 55 inch LED LCD TV and mobile phones, and digiflop pro tablets for lucky buyers.
The company is also offering 10 gm gold vouchers that could be won in the lucky draw for buyers. Several of these discount schemes are available till Oct 31.
However, there may be a catch in some items which carry a very high price tag to start with. For instance, some Berry shirts are priced at Rs 7,199 and after 43-per cent discount still cost around Rs 3,600 apiece.
The pre-Diwali bonanza offered by e-tailers has dented margins of offline stores with more people preferring to shop at a click of the mouse. Manmeet Singh, manager at United Colours of Benetton, said, "As exclusive stores, we do not offer sales except seasonal ones. Sometimes, people try out a shirt but buy it online. We can't afford to give discounts because we have to take care of our overheads such as electricity bill, staff salaries, rent, etc." Naveen Kumar Jha, of Mobile Store, agreed. "The online sales yesterday (Monday) affected our business, which went down by more than 40 per cent."
However, Suraj Kumar, manager at Croma, differs. "The sales haven't affected our business. They began the sale at 8 am and by 10.30 am, most of the goods were out of stock.
(With inputs from Ashlin Mathew and Srijani Ganguly)

Chinas GDP at PPP overtakes USChris Giles
Chris Giles has been the economics editor of the Financial Times since 2004. Based in London, he writes about international economic trends and the British economy. Before reporting economics for the Financial Times, he wrote editorials for the paper, reported for the BBC, worked as a regulator of the broadcasting industry and undertook research for the Institute for Fiscal Studies.

US rebound stronger than first thoughtUS rebound stronger than first thought
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/53179af4-2eb5-11e4-afe4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pietersen to team: You lot are a bunch of useless c****Kevin Pietersen had come under fire from all quarters after what he chose to reveal in his tell-all interview to the The Daily Telegraph. (Source: AP)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 1:45 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 9:21 am
ESPN Cricinfo claimed on Tuesday that it was in possession of a legal document prepared before negotiations started between the England and Wales Cricket Board and Kevin Pietersen, which eventually ended the batsman’s England career. The Telegraph also reported about the document on Tuesday. The five-page document touches upon the following.
“Upon arrival in Adelaide for the Second Test, AF (Andy Flower) gave instructions to players not to stay out late and not to give the press any ammunition, which KP immediately disobeyed by taking out two young players drinking with him until late.
Prior to the Perth Test, an England team physiotherapist informed AF that Pietersen had told him that he was looking to do anything to go home after the Perth Test if England go 3-0 down. KP allegedly told the physio that if England lost the match, his knee was “going to be really playing up”, The Telegraph reported.
The Telegraph also reported that: After playing a terrible shot to get out in one of his innings in the Fourth Test, KP returned to the England dressing room and in front the younger England players, shouted “you lot are a bunch of useless c****”.
‘You need thicker skin’
It riled the team and management that KP allowed Piers Morgan to belittle AC (Alastair Cook) and the team on social media. When asked by some of his team-mates to get Piers Morgan to stop tweeting about the team, Pietersen told the players to get a thicker skin.
The document claims that prior to the fifth and final Test Andy Flower called a meeting with Pietersen after hearing that he had told Alastair Cook, Matt Prior and others that Flower should no longer be coach of the team.
Flower told Pietersen at the end of the meeting that he was amazed that after seven years of working together and Flower bending over backwards for Pietersen, that he would be so incredibly disloyal as to try to get rid of Flower behind his back.
Upon arrival in Adelaide for the Second Test, AF (Andy Flower) gave instructions to players not to stay out late

Nadal has appendicitis but banks on antibiotics to stay on courtRafael Nadal on Tuesday said that he will be consulting his doctors in Spain once he reaches there. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Shanghai | Posted: October 8, 2014 1:47 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 9:31 am
Rafael Nadal is counting on antibiotics to control his appendicitis so he can get through the Shanghai Masters this week. The second-ranked Nadal began feeling pain in his abdomen late Saturday, and the next day went to the hospital where he learned he had the early stages of appendicitis.
Nadal said on Tuesday he chose to try treatment with antibiotics rather than undergo surgery right away.
He felt well enough to begin hitting again, he said. The 14-time Major winner said the risk of his condition getting worse after three days of steady improvement “is always very, very low.”
“I am not going to go for surgery. That’s great news for me today. That’s why I’m here practicing for 45 minutes, and trying to play tomorrow. But obviously I am not in my best condition,’’ he said. Nadal said he will talk with his doctors when he returns to Spain after the tournament about whether he will need to have the appendix removed.
“My idea is take it out, but you can imagine that I didn’t (think) much about that yet. I am here in Shanghai. I just want to try. Then when I go back home, I will talk about the situation with my doctor,” he said.
The Spaniard is playing just his second tournament since returning from a two-month layoff due to a wrist injury.
After missing the summer hard-court season, including the defense of his title at the US Open, Nadal said it was important to get back on the court as soon as possible so he’s back in top form before the Australian Open in January. He reached the China Open quarterfinals last week.
“I don’t expect anything from these two tournaments. I expect just to come here and play again and practice and feel a little bit again the competition, try to get in rhythm as soon as possible,” he said. Nadal plays his opening match on Wednesday against countryman Feliciano Lopez.
Fognini shocked
Meanwhile, Fabio Fognini of Italy lost to a Chinese wild card making his ATP Tour debut, then bumped into him at the net and gave an obscene gesture to the crowd.
The No. 17-ranked Fognini, a 10-year professional, was upset by the 553rd-ranked Wang Chuhan 7-6 (5), 6-4. After the two shook hands, Fognini gave Wang a little shove with his arm as they crossed paths, then flashed his middle finger to the crowd upon exiting the stadium.
The fiery Italian, who was fined $27,500 at Wimbledon for outbursts during a first-round match, has lost five of six matches since reaching the Cincinnati quarterfinals in August.
Wang said he knew Fognini’s game somewhat after practicing with him in Beijing last week, but didn’t have a lot of confidence heading into the match.
“When I was practicing with him before, I found he’s more fast-paced than me,” he said. “This match has really, most continued…
My idea is take it out, but you can imagine that I didn’t (think) much about that yet. I am here in Shanghai

TV viewers could soon switch service provider with easeTV viewers could soon switch service provider with ease
IANS     New DelhI   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 15:57 IST
Photo:  Reuters
Soon, Indian TV viewers would have the advantage of mobile portability where the consumer is free to choose the provider and switch to another one.
Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar said in New Delhi on Wednesday that the ministry is working towards bringing in "interoperability" to the Set Top Boxes whereby customers would be able to change their service providers by just putting in a new card instead of having to buy a new Set Top Box every time.
Chairing the first meeting of the Task Force for Cable Digitization for phases three and four at Vigyan Bhavan, the minister stressed the customer should get full benefit of digitization with high quality picture and good service and all at affordable prices.
Javadekar said Phase III would be over by end 2015 and Phase IV by 2016 end.
The two phases would see the cable TV digitization process spreading towards villages.
He said the Task Force would meet regularly with representatives of all stakeholders, including the service providers and consumers, and also monitor the progress of the digitisation.
He said the process of cable TV digitization is part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's dream of a Digital India and "we will go ahead full speed".
"Like the portability of the mobile phone, the viewers should also have similar options with the Set Top Boxes. They should be able to put in any card of choice (of service provider) on the Set Top Box," he said.
The Task Force is to deliberate on ways to bring in interoperability to the STBs, he added.
He also urged that STBs should be affordably priced for the benefit of the consumer.
He said that domestic manufacturers can produce the boxes at competitive rates with the telecom ministry having declared the equipment as Telecom Network Equipment.
He said with this move, for which he said Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad had moved very fast to get it done, the manufacturers would get a level playing field with the foreign manufacturers. For phases I and II, the STBs had been mostly imported.
Javadekar said that 16 crore TV sets would have been digitized by the end of the fourth phase.
Under the earlier plan for digitization, the third phase was to end by September this year and the fourth phase by Dec 31, 2014.
The total number of TV households in India is around 160 million. The first and second phases of cable digitization covered all the metros and 38 cities with a population of over one million.

After big tax breaks for Boeing  Washington feels burnedBy Reid Wilson October 8 Follow @postreid
An artist’s concept of the aerospace company’s new family of 777X jetliners: the 777-9X, top, and 777-8X. (AP Photo/Courtesy Boeing Co., File)
Update: An earlier version of this post omitted some claw-back provisions included in the tax package passed last year. It also said Rep. Rick Larsen (D) lobbied machinists to vote for the Boeing contract. Larsen encouraged the machinists to vote on the contract, though he didn’t say how they should vote.
Eleven months ago, Washington Gov. Jay Inslee (D) signed a package of tax breaks and incentives aimed at keeping tens of thousands of Boeing jobs in the Puget Sound region. Valued at $8.7 billion over 27 years , the set of bills amounted to the single largest tax break any state has ever given to a single company.
Now, policymakers who feel they bent over backwards to accommodate the aerospace giant feel burned: In the past two weeks, Boeing announced it would move thousands of jobs out of Washington State.
Boeing announced last week that  it would move about 2,000 high-paying engineering jobs in its defense division from the Seattle area to facilities in Oklahoma City and St. Louis by 2017. On Monday, the company said it would build significant portions of the wings and tails for its new 777X jet in St. Louis , which will mean about 700 more new jobs in Missouri.
“There is an undercurrent of disappointment that rises in some folks (including me) to the point of anger at Boeing,” state Sen. Adam Kline, whose district lies just north of one of the company’s major production facilities, said in an email. “This is the way Boeing thanked us, by placing the 777X in the Midwest. We’ve been had.”
The two sets of jobs moving to St. Louis and Oklahoma City aren’t technically related to the package of tax breaks passed last year. Those breaks were part of a broader effort to secure production of the 777X wide-body jet in the Puget Sound area; the planes will be finished at Boeing’s Everett plant, about half an hour north of Seattle. Inslee’s office said at the time that the 777 program supports about 56,000 jobs in Washington.
But the decision stings nonetheless. Lawmakers who voted to give Boeing the subsidies did so to keep the company firmly rooted in the city where it was founded, even as Boeing moved some of its critical units — including headquarter staff — to other cities.
Boeing says it’s staying in Puget Sound, though it acknowledges the challenges of a global marketplace requires some redistribution of company jobs.
“Boeing is committed to the Puget Sound region and its ties to the larger community. We are investing millions of dollars in our Puget Sound facilities,” said Wilson Chow, a Boeing spokesman. “Boeing is leveraging all its resources across the enterprise to stay competitive in a global marketplace, allowing us to remain successful in all of our locations, including Puget Sound.”
Chow pointed out that Boeing employs 54 percent more people in Washington than it did a decade ago, and 11 percent more than it did in 2009.
Inslee’s office sought to put a positive spin on the thousands of Boeing jobs still located around the Puget Sound region.
“None of our 777X jobs are leaving the state. The 777X is still ensuring tens of thousands of jobs for Washington’s aerospace workers,” said Jaime Smith, an Inslee spokeswoman. “Though we’d like to see as many Boeing jobs come to Washington as possible, it’s good that these jobs — which are currently located overseas — are coming back to the U.S. to union Machinists, engineers and others.”
Still, the fear of losing Boeing jobs was on display last year in Olympia, when Inslee proposed the package of tax breaks with what legislators described as a clear sense of urgency: Missouri, South Carolina, Utah and more than a dozen other states were preparing their own packages of tax incentives to lure the 777X jobs, and Washington legislators felt they had to rush to develop a more appealing package. They passed the breaks just three days after Inslee called them back into session .
The implicit understanding among legislators at the time, several sources said, was that the tax breaks would prevent other Boeing jobs from leaving the state. In retrospect, the fast-paced process hurt Washington’s bargaining power. The package of tax breaks included claw-back provisions if Boeing moved the 777X line out of state, or built a second assembly line elsewhere, but it did not include any claw-back provisions that would either require Boeing to maintain a certain level of employment in the region or prevent the company from taking advantage of the breaks even if it moved other jobs elsewhere.
“We essentially gave them a blank check,” said one Olympia insider close to Inslee’s office. “We didn’t leave ourselves any bargaining chips with respect to these engineering jobs.”
Transparency organizations have criticized corporate tax giveaways, especially those without claw-back provisions. Donald Cohen, who heads one of those groups, In The Public Interest, said companies like Boeing don’t make decisions to move jobs on a whim.
“They had to be considering this during the negotiations over the tax breaks. They didn’t disclose that, and the state didn’t ask, nor negotiate the details to account for possible deals like this,” Cohen said. “When governments give away billion-dollar tax breaks, or multimillion-dollar contracts, then we need to make sure the public will fully benefit.”
In Olympia, politicians have been slow to criticize Boeing’s move publicly, a testament to the company’s continued power in the state. When Boeing’s machinists’ union was considering a contract the company said was necessary to keep the 777X jobs in the state, Inslee and Rep. Rick Larsen (D) urged union members to vote on the contract, without specifying how they should vote, at the request of Boeing executives; both statements angering their labor supporters.
Several union chiefs boycotted a traditional Christmas party at the governor’s mansion that year in protest. The machinists union declined to endorse Larsen for re-election this year.
Even now, members are leery of criticizing a company that employs 81,000 people in their state.
Officials in western Washington have something of a chip on their shoulder when it comes to the aerospace giant. Founded in Seattle in 1916, Boeing has long been one of the region’s major employers. Before the technology boom driven by Microsoft, Amazon and others, the Puget Sound region was highly dependent on airplane manufacturing; when Boeing cut more than 60,000 jobs in the late 1960s, two Seattle real estate agents put up a billboard in 1971 near SeaTac International Airport that read: “Will the last person leaving Seattle turn out the lights.”
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

China should watch its periphery‘Lung-washing’ tourism rises in China
What we’re writing about
Afghanistan Barack Obama China Chinese economy climate change ebola ECB EU Euro European Central Bank eurozone eurozone crisis G20 Germany India inflation investment Iraq Isis Mario Draghi markets Media monetary policy Pakistan Russia Scotland Syria Uighurs UK Ukraine US US Congress US economy US Federal Reserve US midterm elections 2014 US politics world health organisation
Categories

India to raise Rs 50 bn by selling stakes in ITC  L&T  Axis BankIndia plans to raise around Rs 50 billion through ETF by March
By Reuters | 8 Oct, 2014, 04.37PM IST
The sales could be made through an exchange traded fund that could be launched before the end of March, the official said.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: India plans to raise around 50 billion rupees ($813.4 million) this fiscal year by selling stakes in companies including ITC, Larsen & Toubro and Axis Bank, a senior official with knowledge of policymakers' discussions said on Wednesday.
The sales could be made through an exchange traded fund that could be launched before the end of March, the official told Reuters, requesting anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to the media.
The ETF would be made up of the government's stake-holdings in up to ten companies, including stakes in companies held through an offshoot of the Unit Trust of India known as SUUTI.
The government holds 11.27 per cent in ITC, 8.18 per cent in L&T and 11.66 per cent in Axis Bank through SUUTI.
SUUTI, which stands for Specified Undertaking of The Unit Trust of India, said in a statement that it has invited bids from asset management companies to help it set up the ETF.
"The size of the ETF could be about 50 billion rupees though the final decision would be taken in consultation with the asset management company," the official said.
Last month, Arvind Mayaram, finance secretary at the finance ministry, said that the government was considering floating an ETF to sell shares held by SUUTI.
Earlier this year, the government sold a 9 per cent stake in Axis Bank to instituional investors.
In his maiden budget in July, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley set a target of 584.25 billion rupees ($9.5 billion) to be raised through the sale of shares in state-run companies and minority stakes in private companies.
In March, the government raised 44 billion rupees through another ETF comprising shares of 10 state-run companies including ONGC, Indian Oil and Coal India.

FirstGroups fleeing Scotsman© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aca52d02-4ecc-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil stocks on fire; surge about 5%; are they best bet on D-Street as crude slips to $91Oil stocks on fire; are they the best bet on Street as crude slips below $91?
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 05.07PM IST
(The oil marketing companies…)
MUMBAI: The oil marketing companies are in demand following a sharp correction in global crude oil prices. The Brent crude oil has plunged to a 27-month low on concerns of a slowdown in global economic growth and oil glut.
The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects the global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent.
Economic data from Europe and China are weak. The Energy Information Administration (EIA) has cuts monthly price forecast on increase in output and reduced demand. The US crude stocks are above 5-year average at 356.64 million barrels. The output from the US fields is at a 25-year high, say reports. According to analysts, the falling global crude oil prices are a boon for the oil marketing companies (OMCs) and the Indian economy.
The under-recoveries due to diesel subsidies are nil and if the crude oil prices continue to slip lower, the OMCs are expected to make some profits as well. Media reports suggest the government may deregulate diesel prices by the end of October
"With crude oil prices coming down, the subsidy becoming lower with multiple price rises and whatever the government plans to do augur well for oil marketing companies. Our analyst would recommend BPCL more than others for track record, efficiency and several other reasons," said Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL Group.
There are lots of expectations from the government on the oil & gas sector reforms. It is expected to soon take a decision on gas price hike as well. Analysts are of the view that oil marketing companies have already rallied on the hopes of diesel deregulation and decline in crude oil prices.
"Despite this reasonably sharp correction that we saw in the oil prices towards the later part of September, we did not see a similarly encouraging move on the oil marketing companies. It was because they had already run up reasonably well and that is all in the price," said Tushar Mahajan, Head of Derivatives (Head of Listed Futures & Options, India), Nomura, to ET Now.
"But going forward, the action on these stocks is probably going to be limited by the way oil prices are moving. If at all we begin to hear something around the diesel deregulation issue, is unsure. So, the market is probably now going to look at what the government does. It will look for clarity of these issues," he added. Analysts at Deutsche Bank are of the view that diesel subsidy elimination will be the first step in momentous oil & gas sector reforms that will eventually lead to fuel subsidy rationalization and kick-start investments in the sector.
"This will not only revive the sector, but also dramatically improve operating cash flow / RoEs," the report said.
"We see compelling shareholder value creation in ONGC, BPCL, Oil India and Reliance Ind over the next 3 years, driven by reforms and commissioning of new capacities," the report added.
At 02:10 pm, IOC was up 5.04 per cent, HPCL rallied 4.63 per cent, BPCL gained 3.31 per cent, ONGC was 1.86 per cent higher and Reliance advanced 1.40 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The boss said what  on TwitterLeader Board | 8 October 2014
Did the boss just say that on Twitter?
Eric Barton
About the author
Eric is a freelance journalist who lives in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He is formerly a writer and editor at New Times in Fort Lauderdale and The Pitch in Kansas City, Missouri. His work has been featured by  the Florida Center for Investigative Reporting.
Read more about these links.
(Getty Images)
J T O’Donnell signed onto Twitter in 2009, determined to figure it out. As the owner of a company that offers career coaching, she knew she needed to master social networking.
Three weeks went by without much success. O’Donnell, who lives in Hampton, New Hampshire, was posting tweets and seeing some response, but she wasn’t seeing much benefit. Then she had an idea: She’d post career questions and ask experts to weigh in. She called it the Twitter Advice Project.
Related
Time for a digital detox?
It went viral.
Soon, she had experts from around the world responding to questions like “What font should I use for my CV?” and “How do I explain to a potential employer if I’ve previously been fired?”
Just like that, O’Donnell morphed from someone who had largely rejected social networking to someone who is often listed as one of the most successful business owners on the web.
“I finally understood what I should be doing on Twitter and what I’m trying to accomplish,” O’Donnell recalled. “I was creating a brand for myself.”
O’Donnell remains a rarity.  Business owners and managers still widely underestimate the importance of social networking, even though research has shown that chief executives who embrace it are more likely to be successful.
A study by Weber Shandwick found that CEOs who engage in social media are more likely to be seen as honest, respectful, friendly and people-focused. CEOs that don't network online are more often seen as impersonal, scripted and distant. But maybe the biggest takeaway from that study: 81% of respondents believed that CEOs who use social media make better leaders.
Still, bosses who are good at social media remain far and few between, said Gerrit van Bruggen, professor of marketing at Rotterdam School of Management at Erasmus University in the Netherlands.
“Many managers feel like social networking is something their communication department takes care of,” he said. “They don’t realise it’s something they should do to build their own brand.”
The problem is that those in charge, typically of an older generation, didn’t grow up with social networking entwined with the business world. Bosses more likely
maintain an outdated belief that social networking is about sharing mundane details about your life, like posting photos of what you had for breakfast. Instead, they ought to use it to promote themselves to potential clients and to create a more personal relationship with co-workers.
“It’s not as important to send information as it is to simply listen,” van Bruggen said.
It’s also important for managers to have an understanding of social networking sites. Most professionals should be on LinkedIn and Twitter, said Simon Dolan, professor at Esade Business School in Barcelona. Things get complicated with Facebook. Many people still see it as a way to connect personally with someone, so if managers have a presence there, they need to set some ground rules on what’s acceptable.
“If your office is a place where people socialize outside of the office, get a beer after work, then maybe Facebook is acceptable,” Dolan said. If it’s not, managers probably should avoid connecting with co-workers on Facebook.
“What you must do is develop a personal strategy for social networking,” Dolan said. “You need ground rules that will be seen as successful where you work.”
Cultural perceptions
It’s also crucial that managers understand cultural differences in the countries where they’re working, Dolan said. In North America, for instance, it may be more acceptable to boast on social networking about successes. In Latin America, managers might see more of a benefit of showing their family life, something that will give them a more personable image to colleagues and clients.
Things are even more complicated for social networking in Europe. Northern Europeans are less likely to share details of their personal lives with colleagues, while pictures of a manager with his kids might help create a personal bond with officemates in countries like Spain and Italy.
“You cannot apply your value system and assume everyone is going to feel the same,” Dolan said. “No matter what you post, people must see you as a leader in your profession. That ought to be coming through.”
Late adopters
Maybe one of the biggest stumbling blocks for managers on social networking is that many of them are older and see it as something for their kids, Dolan said. That group can take inspiration from Colin Shaw, founder of customer-service consultancy firm Beyond Philosophy, which has offices in London and Tampa, Florida in the US.
Shaw, 56, joined LinkedIn in its infancy 15 years ago. At the time, few of his contemporaries were on social networking or saw any value in it. Shaw, meanwhile, developed one of the most visited LinkedIn pages in the world. Like O’Donnell, he now often appears on lists of the most social media savvy business owners. It’s something Shaw says has helped build his business and his persona.
Social networking isn’t about posting the silly details of your life, Shaw said, but should be a place where you build an online profile of yourself. That helps next time your name is put into Google by perspective clients, who should be discovering that you’re an expert in your field.
Now, Shaw looks for that same social-media presence in people he’s hiring. Those without a strong online presence, Shaw figures, are likely technophobes who won’t do as well.
“Despite being in the older age group, I love technology,” Shaw said from London. “And this whole social-networking thing has just been a great way to connect with people.”
The upside
For O’Donnell, her work on Twitter became a great way to send traffic to her company’s website, careerealism.com . Thanks in part to her Twitter Advice Project, she saw traffic to her site grow from 1,000 visits a month to more than 800,000, she said.
It’s not too late for managers who aren’t on social networking to join now, she said.
“You have to realize that people will go online to find out about you before you meet or talk on the phone,” O’Donnell said. “If you don’t brand yourself, the web will do it for you.”
Follow BBC Capital on Twitter @BBC_Capital or join the conversation about this or any other Capital story on Facebook: BBC Capital on Facebook.
Social Media for Managers
What you should be doing
1. Build your profile by creating social-media pages with key details that brand you as a specialist in your industry.
2. To avoid social networking becoming too time consuming, reach out to just five new contacts a day.
3. Add two items a day to your feed on Twitter and LinkedIn. This can be as simple as a link to an article you find interesting with a sentence or two of your thoughts.
4. Google yourself regularly to assure that your best links are coming back first.
Source: J T O’Donnell, career coach

Opposition dents hopes for Widodo reformsJoko Widodo reform hopes hit as Indonesia opposition fights back
By Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a2b6e70-4ecc-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Zensar signs multi-million dollar deal with UK-based retailerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Photos: Lunar eclipse turns moon blood red over WashingtonBy Kevin Ambrose and Jason Samenow October 8 Follow @capitalweather
(Kevin Ambrose)
Beautiful clear skies presented the perfect back drop for this morning’s total lunar eclipse in the Washington, D.C.
Photographers lined the eastern edge of the Reflecting Pool as the moon slowly turned from white to coppery red. The timing of the eclipse was perfect for photography because the blue hour in Washington occurred just as the earth’s shadow covered the moon. For a few moments, the light of the moon and the sky were in balance and the Lincoln Memorial was the brightest object in the scene.
As the moon descended in the west and the sun was about to rise in the east, the moon turned from red to a faint white then disappeared just above the horizon.
(Kevin Ambrose)
Here are views from around the region from our Flickr , Twitter , and Facebook pages …
Total eclipse

Sign of the times The Trump Plaza casino is stripping away its old owners name.According to the newspaper :
Crews started taking the Donald out of the Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino on Monday, eliminating the famous name from yet another of the resort’s buildings.
Calvi Electric started small on Monday, excising Trump from signs within reach of the Boardwalk. The bigger signs will come down later, company President George Brestle said. He expects to be finished by the end of October, barring delay.
Trump Entertainment, which Donald Trump left in 2009 , is in bankruptcy and threatening to close the Trump Taj Mahal, the AP noted . Donald and Ivanka Trump sued to have their name “stripped from the Trump Taj Mahal casino, and the company itself. They claim the company let the two casinos fall into such disrepair that it violated quality standards agreed to by both sides.
Atlantic City, N.J., bet big on casinos. Now, it is losing. Four casinos have shut down since the beginning of 2014, leaving many residents out of work. (Lee Powell/The Washington Post)
“It was pretty cut and dry,” Ivanka Trump told the AP. “When we gave them a license to use our name, it was contingent on quality control and performance. They did not meet the high standards of luxury in every other asset in the Trump brand.”
So . . . off with the name!
Three Calvi Electric workers lower an “M” outside the shuttered Trump Plaza casino. (Mark Makela/Reuters)
Tony Demidio unscrews letters from the facade. (Wayne Parry/Associated Press)
Jim Williams applies caulk to holes in the facade. (Vernon Ogrodnek/The Press of Atlantic City via Associated Press)
Tony Demidio and Steven Nordaby haul away a “Z.” (Mark Makela/Reuters)
Letters sit in the back of a pickup truck. (Wayne Parry/Associated Press)
Dirt remains after the “TRUMP” has been removed near the casino’s former boardwalk entrance. (Mark Makela/Reuters)
But maybe everything that dies comes back someday . (Vernon Ogrodnek/The Press of Atlantic City via Associated Press)
J. Freedom du Lac is the editor of The Post's general assignment news desk. He was previously a Local enterprise reporter and, before that, the paper’s pop music critic.

Body of child washed away in open drain found  Bangalore police book civic bodyofficialsPrint
Written by Santosh Kumar R B | Bangalore | Posted: October 8, 2014 6:56 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 7:03 pm
The body of a nine-year-old girl who was sucked into an open storm water drain in south Bangalore following heavy rains on Monday night was found in a decomposed state in the Madiwala lake located nearly 3 km away from the spot where the child went missing on Wednesday.
Following the recovery of the body of Geethalakshmi, police in Bangalore registered a case of negligence against officials of the Bruhath Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP).
“We have taken up a case against the BBMP and an investigation will reveal the identities of the people responsible for the tragic incident. Maintaining the storm water drainage system in the city is the duty of the BBMP. Failure to do their duty has resulted in the death of an innocent girl,” a police officer said.
The child who was on a visit to Bangalore with her parents from Tamil Nadu was out with an aunt when she was washed away into an uncovered drain at Bilkehalli near the Bannerghatta Road in south Bangalore.
A resident of Virudachalam village in Kadalur district of Tamil Nadu, Geethalakshmi was visiting her aunt Lakshmi’s house in Bilekahalli along with her parents on the occasion of Dasara. The JP Nagar police in south Bangalore initially registered a missing person case after they were informed about the child being washed away in the rain water on Monday evening.
Lakshmi’s aunt who was with her raised an alarm but the child was dragged away by the surging flow of rain water. Police and BBMP began searching for the girl on Monday night along a 2 km stretch of the storm water drain.
On Tuesday more than 200 men from the BBMP, the Fire and Emergency Services, the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and the Civil Defense unit were pressed into the search operation. On Wednesday afternoon, a team of the NDRF managed to find the body in the Madiwala lake.
The body was later handed over to the parents, Shankar and Kasturi after a post mortem. BBMP mayor N Shanthakumari who visited the accident spot during the search for the child’s body also stated that stringent action would be initiated against officials found responsible for the incident.

The six-page letter that could fell Hong Kongs leaderThe Future of Hong Kong
October 8, 2014
The Beijing-backed chief executive of Hong Kong, CY Leung, has stood firm as pro-democracy protesters called for his resignation over the last week and a half. But a new exposé accusing Leung of unscrupulous business dealings could put his job in jeopardy.
According to an investigation by Fairfax Media , the chief executive accepted secret payments totaling £4 million ($6.4 million) from an Australian engineering firm that bought DTZ Holdings, the insolvent property firm where Leung served as director and chairman of its Asia Pacific operations. Though UGL and Leung signed the agreement before he took office, the fees were paid in two installments in 2012 and 2013—after he was sworn in—and involve what appear to be ongoing commitments to promote DTZ’s business.
In a  contract dated Dec. 2, 2011  (pdf)—not a week after Leung confirmed his candidacy for chief executive, and four months before Hong Kong’s election committee picked him—UGL agrees to pay Leung for not competing against DTZ, as well as the following:
Share
Tap image to zoom
A screenshot from the contract obtained by Fairfax Media (the handwritten emendations concerning potential conflict of interest are reportedly by CY Leung).(Fairfax Media)
Leung’s office, however, says this is all above board  since the fees “arise from Mr Leung’s resignation from DTZ, not any future service to be provided by him.”
But while noncompete agreements are fairly standard for an executive of Leung’s profile, the contract’s other clauses are more plainly shady: Leung agrees to provide “assistance in the promotion” of UGL and DTZ and that he will serve as “a referee and advisor from time to time”—which clearly indicates future commitments. Also questionable is that Leung, who was sworn in on Jul. 1, 2012, never disclosed any of this.
At the time the contract was signed, few believed Leung stood a chance of winning the chief executive position, a seat picked by a electoral committee whose members have strong ties to Beijing . UGL told Fairfax Media that that was why it neglected to include a clause invalidating the agreement in the event that Leung was elected.
The exposé’s timing—days before the pro-democracy movement leaders meet with the government—is curious. The Beijing-backed Hong Kong government has little room to bargain in terms of reforming election procedure, which could entrench the protesters’ resolve. Leung stepping down would be perhaps the easiest of the protesters’ demands to fulfill.
And protesters are likely not the only ones displeased with the chief executive at the moment. It’s largely thanks to Leung that throughout the last few months, China’s leaders have consistently misjudged Hongkonger sentiment. His report to China’s leaders on the critical issue of universal suffrage for the 2017 chief executive election failed to mention that a large swath of voters objected to the nomination procedure. The police’s uncharacteristically brutal use of tear gas and pepper spray on protesters—which riled up support for the movement—was another miscalculation.
It’s not clear where Fairfax Media obtained the contract. When asked about the publicly-floated theory that Beijing may have leaked the information to Fairfax, Nick McKenzie, one of article’s authors, told Quartz:
I’m afraid we never comment on the identity of sources, I can only say they were people with deep concerns about the probity of CY and UGL’s dealings and that we only got the story very recently.
The fact that John Garnaut co-wrote the story is notable. Now back in Australia, Garnaut was for many years a highly accomplished foreign correspondent in Beijing, thanks to his many sources connected with the Chinese government . When asked about the source of the information, Garnaut told Voice of America that his team received the document “out of the blue” last Sunday, from an anonymous source.
Share this:

Ray Knight didnt agree with Matt Williamss bullpen choicesBy Dan Steinberg October 8 Follow @dcsportsbog
(By Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post)
For several days, fans and media members have questioned how Matt Williams handled his pitching staff in the ninth inning of Game 2. All that was forgotten on Tuesday night, in favor of what Williams did during an even more controversial inning: The seventh inning of Game 4.
Just as Williams’s choice to turn to Drew Storen in game 2 was questioned in real time, and then even more so after Storen allowed the tying run to score, Williams’s decisions in the seventh — to let lefty Matt Thornton pitch to right-handed hitter Buster Posey with a man on, and then to turn to rookie Aaron Barrett in the most important jam of the season — were lampooned in real time. And they didn’t look much better after Barrett’s walk and wild pitch allowed the winning run to score.
Dave Cameron wrote an exhaustive take-down of Williams’s choices for Fox Sports. So did Kilgore on Nationals Journal , especially after the manager explained that “we’re certainly not going to use our closer in the seventh inning.”
Even Ray Knight, chief homer of the D.C. sports media , immediately questioned the bullpen management during MASN’s final Nats postgame show of the year.
“In the seventh inning of a ballgame that you must win, a tied ballgame, you bring a left-hander in to face the two left-handers at the top of the lineup,” Knight said, describing the decision to start with Thornton. “But you also have to realize, Buster Posey, [one of] the best hitters in the game, right-handed. Hunter Pence, right-handed. You’ve got to have a double-barrel guy in the bullpen. It’s just common sense.
“So certainly you bring in Thornton if you want him to face the left-handers, but when you get to Posey and Pence, you’ve got to have a right-hander ready FOR POSEY. You’ve got to have him ready right now.
“Then, you bring in Barrett, who, you know, has been good over the course of the season,” Knight went on. “But we’ve talked about it, and this is just fact: when you’re a young pitcher and you’re on this stage, you need some room. You can’t just come in and face a guy with a runner on second base. You’re boxed in.
“If you face Posey, you may give up a hit, but you get a little more comfortable through that at-bat, and then you’re facing Pence. You get a little more comfortable as you adjust to the situation. Man, it’s just like pinch-hitting in a clutch situation: your adrenaline is flowing, you cannot think, the crowd is just loud. I have put cotton in my ears before in playoff games because it was so loud in the Astrodome.
“But Matt decides to go with the youngest guy on his staff, a guy that has NO experience in those situations,” Knight said. “And I know, I’ve been there too many times — as a player, as a coach, as a manager: bad things happen when inexperienced players get out there. If you have another choice, if you have another choice, you go to experience.
“Now, we had Stammen. We also had J-Zimm. We also had Strasburg. We also had Storen. And we had Clippard out there. Right-handed pitchers. But he chose to go to Barrett, and then he chose to let Barrett pitch against Posey. I don’t agree with it.”
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Sex and Ebola: Men may be able to infect partners three months after recoveryBy Lenny Bernstein and Joel Achenbach October 8 Follow @LennyMBernstein Follow @joelachenbach
An electron micrograph scan shows the Ebola virus emerging from an infected cell. (NIAID/NIH)
When the only way to get an often fatal disease is through contact with body fluids, it makes good sense to be very careful about sexual partners and practices. But since Ebola victims can infect others only when they are showing symptoms -- high fever, vomiting, diarrhea, weakness and aches -- physical intimacy probably isn't a common way of transmitting the disease.
However, the Ebola virus can survive in semen for months after a man recovers from the infection, posing an ongoing threat to sexual partners long after he is well. At a time when a man's bloodstream is swimming with antibodies, and he is immune to the disease, he still may be able to infect others.
[Post Exclusive: How Ebola outpaced a slow global response]
As a result, Ebola survivors in West Africa and elsewhere are being advised to remain celibate or use condoms for three months after their release from treatment centers. In Lofa County, Liberia, where the epidemic began six months ago, UNICEF workers doing outreach work were told the story of one local man who recovered and infected his girlfriend through sex, according to a UNICEF official. The woman later died. (We couldn't independently verify that account).
The World Health Organization made a point of this on Monday when it noted that "in a convalescent male, the virus can persist in semen for at least 70 days; one study suggests persistence for more than 90 days."
The number of people being monitored for symptoms of Ebola in the U.S. is growing. Here's how the virus spreads and how contact tracing works to stop outbreaks. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
The magnitude of the threat is not entirely clear, however. After past Ebola outbreaks, follow-up studies of people who have recovered from Ebola found no evidence that the virus was transmitted from a recovered patient to close contacts, according to Bruce Ribner , medical director of Emory University's Infectious Disease Unit, who led the team that successfully treated American missionaries Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol.
Some body fluids and excretions clearly transmit the virus: Blood, vomit and feces are being blamed for the rapid spread of the hemorrhagic disease in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, where more than 3,400 people have died from Ebola infection. The Ebola virus also has been detected in urine and breast milk, according to the WHO.
Other fluids are trickier. Ebola is not an airborne virus, like SARS or the flu, but  "theoretically," the WHO notes, " wet and bigger droplets from a heavily infected individual, who has respiratory symptoms caused by other conditions or who vomits violently, could transmit the virus – over a short distance – to another nearby person.
As the Ebola crisis continues in West Africa, the CDC is training doctors, nurses and other health care workers going to Ebola treatment units in West Africa. (AP)
"This could happen when virus-laden heavy droplets are directly propelled, by coughing or sneezing (which does not mean airborne transmission) onto the mucus membranes or skin with cuts or abrasions of another person." But the agency adds that there are no studies that document this method of transmission.
Saliva and tears may also carry the virus, but studies blaming them for transmission had small samples and were inconclusive. "In studies of saliva, the virus was found most frequently in patients at a severe stage of illness," the WHO said.
"The whole live virus has never been isolated from sweat,” the agency added, but one infectious disease specialist we spoke with said it stands to reason that Ebola could be transmitted by direct contact with someone else's perspiration.

Lenny Bernstein and Joel Achenbach
Adrian Peterson Appears in Court for Child Abuse CaseWARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
RADAR: Strong Storm Moves Across Midwest and Northeast
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Dominic Lipinski / PA/AP
Watch this very creepy android woman talk to you in sign languageWould you leave your elderly parent with her?(Reuters/Issei Kato)
SHARE
Adam Epstein @aepstein
October 8, 2014
Toshiba revealed its new “communication android” at CEATEC this week, adding it to the growing list of Japanese eldercare robots .
Aiko Chihira, as the company has named her, can smoothly communicate in Japanese sign language. According to Toshiba , she has “the appearance of a friendly young woman, an impression accentuated by blinking eyes and a warm smile.” Decide for yourself:
Toshiba’s goal is for Ms. Chihira to become a companion for elderly people (especially those with dementia), not unlike Softbank’s elderly assistant “Pepper” (the major difference being Pepper actually looks somewhat like a friendly robot, while Chihira more closely resembles a malevolent horror movie creation hellbent on destruction).
But both robots are part of Japan’s attempt to deal with its diminishing workforce—a result of the country’s rapidly aging population . Japan is set to lose a third of its population over the next 50 years, and by 2060 over 40% of people will be over 65. That means they’ll need a lot more eldercare, but there won’t be enough nurses and caretakers to go around.
Eventually, Toshiba wants the android to also serve as a receptionist or event promoter for businesses. The company aims for it to be a fully functioning, sophisticated social robot by 2020, when the Summer Olympics come to Tokyo.
Share this:

JP Associates rallies 4% on reports of plant saleJaiprakash Associates rallies nearly 4% on reports of cement plant sale in MP
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 10.03AM IST
Tags:
Aditya Birla
(Jaiprakash Associates…)
NEW DELHI: Jaiprakash Associates Ltd rallied as much as 3.8 per cent in trade on Wednesday, after media reports highlighted that Aditya Birla group firm Ultratech Cement is believed to be looking at possible acquisition of Jaypee Group's three cement plants in Madhya Pradesh in a deal that could be worth about Rs 5,500-6,000 crore.
At 09:50 a.m.; Jaiprakash Associates was trading 3.4 per cent higher at Rs 28.20. It hit a low of Rs 27.50 and a high of Rs 28.35 in trade today.
While investment banking sources involved in the talks said that the discussions are currently under way for a possible deal, a spokesperson for UltraTech declined to comment on queries in this regard, PTI said in a report.
Sources, however, maintained that UltraTech is looking to acquire the three cement plants of Jaypee Group in Reva, Madhya Pradesh and pegged the valuation at around Rs 5,500- 6,000 crore. They added that the discussions are currently focused mainly on valuation part, added the report.
In the June quarter, UltraTech had completed the acquisition of Gujarat units of Jaypee Cement Corp comprising an integrated unit at Sewagram and a grinding unit at Wanakbori with a combined capacity of 4.8 million tonnes per annum.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Minister promises playground for every primary schoolUpdated: October 8, 2014 20:24 IST
Minister promises playground for every primary school
Special Correspondent
Photo: Ch. Vijaya Bhaskar ;Minister for Human Resources Development Ganta Srinivasa Rao inaugurating South Zone Inter-University Volleyball Men’s Tournament in Vijayawada on Wednesday. Irrigation Minister Devineni Umamaheswara Rao Krishna University Vice-Chancellor V Venkaiah and others are seen.
TOPICS
sport
Andhra Pradesh Minister for Human Resources Ganta Srinivasa Rao said that the State government was keen on promoting sports culture and efforts were on to spruce up a playground at every primary school in the State.
Speaking at the inauguration of the South Zone Inter-University Volleyball Tournament for men at Siddhartha Arts and Sciences College here, he said that bifurcation had severely affected the prospects of the new State. “We need to start from the scratch and Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu is leaving no stone unturned to develop Andhra Pradesh as a model State. We are also coming up with a new sports policy.”
Mr. Rao said the modern educational system was producing more machines than humans owing to much emphasis on academics. “Education alone will not fetch us success. We need to have a sound mind in a sound body and sports play a crucial role,” the Minister said.
Minister for Irrigation Devineni Umamaheswara Rao recollected his student days at Siddhartha Arts and Sciences College in the late seventies and appreciated the college management for providing education opportunities for all section of the society including SCs, STs and Minorities.
He said the State would get Olympic-standard sports facilities as the State government was pitching in for hosting National Games.
Krishna University Vice-Chancellor V. Venkaiah said that the new varsity was offering best of education including research facilities along with thrust for development in sports and games. “We have land allotted at Rudravaram and soon we will have our buildings,” he added.
Earlier, the teams took out an impressive march past amidst bursting of crackers and soaring balloons.
Siddhartha Academy president Nalluri Venkateswarlu, TDP leader Varla Ramaiah, MLC B. Narasimha Rao, Dronacharya in volleyball A. Ramana Rao and industrialist Chukkapalli Kusalava were present.

LIVE - 1st ODI: India 4 down chasing 322 for win vs WIprint
India suffered a batting collapse, losing five wickets for 63 runs, as West Indies - riding an unbeaten century from Marlon Samuels - started the five-match series with a massive 124 runs win in the first ODI at the Nehru Stadium in Kochi on Wednesday.
Marlon Samuels struck a superb unbeaten century to fire the West Indies to an impressive 321 for six in 50 overs.
Chasing a stiff target, India made a good start with openers Ajinkya Rahane (28) and Shikhar Dhawan (68) adding 49 runs for the first wicket. Rahane was run out after a poor call that saw both the openers ending up at the same end and soon India were reduced to 83 for four.
Dhawan, however, kept scoreboard moving and hit nine fours in his 92 balls knock but he saw wickets falling a regular intervals at the other end. The Delhi batsman fell in the 29th over triggering a batting collapse as India lost last five wickets for 63 runs.
Ravindra Jadeja played a lone hand and remained unbeaten on 33 from 36 balls.
Samuels picked up two wickets with his off-spin and was adjudged as the man of the match. Pacers Ravi Rampaul and Dwayne Bravo also picked up two wickets each.
Earlier, Samuels struck a crafty 126 not out off 116 deliveries, his sixth ODI hundred, as West Indies batsmen plundered the Indian bowling after being put in by Mahendra Singh Dhoni.
Samuels' 116-ball innings was studded with 11 fours and four sixes. Denesh Ramdin also made 61 while Dwayne Smith scored 46.
Recalled for the series against India after being dropped for the recent tour to Bangladesh, Samuels scored freely and posted 165 for the fourth wicket with Ramdin, who struck five fours and two sixes in his 59-ball innings.
West Indies started the innings with skipper Bravo (17) promoting himself up the order to open with Smith. But the move failed as the all-rounder was dismissed in the 8th over with 34 runs on board after scoring just 17 runs.
However, Smith and stylish left-hander Darren Bravo (28) added 64 for the second wicket to give the West Indies a stable start. Smith struck four fours and two sixes during his 45-ball stay but both the batsmen fell in quick succession to leave the West Indies at 120 for three in the 23rd over.
Samuels and Ramdin then took control of the innings to lead a Caribbean onslaught that left the Indian bowling unit look like a hapless lot.
For India, pacer Mohammed Shami was the pick of the bowlers, bagging four for 66 from his nine overs while spinners Ravindra Jadeja and Amit Mishra picked up a wicket each. Pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar was the most economical, conceding 38 runs from his full quota of 10 overs.

SolarCity lets homes buy solar with no upfrontSolarCity lets homes buy solar with no upfront costs
By: Wendy Koch October 8, 2014 10:21 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet, D-Colo., center, helps SolarCity employees Jarret Esposito and Jake Torwatzky install a solar panel on a home in Denver on June 18, 2010.
SolarCity, the dominant U.S. installer of residential solar panels, launched a first-of-its-kind financing plan Wednesday that allows homeowners to buy — not just lease — their systems with zero upfront costs.
Several companies offer leases that allow customers to have solar installed without a hefty down payment and banks offer loans for them to buy rooftop arrays. Yet SolarCity is offering its own low-rate loans that tie repayment to energy produced.
“No one has a product like this,” says Lyndon Rive, co-founder and CEO of SolarCity, a San Mateo, Calif.-based company that went public in December 2012. Its largest shareholder is Rive’s cousin and Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk.
SolarCity’s stock is up more than 1% Wednesday morning, to $55.20 per share.
Rive says his MyPower financing option is the first to align the solar installer with the lender. “Our loan doesn’t get repaid unless the system performs,” Rive says in an interview, noting that monthly payments are based on how much power a home’s solar array generates.
“This is innovative in that it’s providing a direct source of financing for consumers,” says Rhone Resch, president and CEO of the Solar Energy Industries Association, an industry group. He expects it will make it cheaper and easier for homeowners to go solar.
Resch says that while the installed cost of residential solar has fallen 40% in the last three years, upfront payments can still pose a challenge for consumers. He says a home rooftop array, with a 5 kilowatt-capacity, costs on average between $20,000 and $25,000.
SolarCity, like other installers, has been offering “purchase price agreements” in which customers lease solar panels with little or zero upfront costs. Yet some of its customers said they wanted to own their systems instead.
“There’s a big emotional tie to ownership,” Rive says, adding it also offers additional financial benefits. The U.S. government offers tax credits, currently slated to expire at the end of 2016, to homeowners who install solar systems.
Rive says solar is increasingly becoming a cheaper power source for customers, because its costs are falling as utility electricity prices are rising. To further lower costs, his company plans to open its own factory to mass manufacture rooftop panels.
If a customer with a 30-year loan sells his house, the loan would transfer to the new owner. If the buyer doesn’t want it, SolarCity will simply remove the solar panels, which function as its loan collateral.
Yet Rive doesn’t expect that will happen. He says the company already has about 10 customers moving each day, and in almost every case, the buyer wants to retain the solar panels, because they produce energy at a lower cost than the utility charges.
“It’s a selling point,” Rive says of his product, which has seen booming business.
SolarCity, which now serves customers in 15 states that account for half of the U.S. population, will begin offering its new solar loans  in eight that have high power prices: Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Hawaii, Massachusetts, New York and New Jersey.
Rive expects the loans will entice customers in other states and expects solar will become the cheapest home energy source nationwide within six to 10 years.
“It becomes a hedge against rising energy prices,” Resch says of a home solar array. “It’s also a way for a consumer to self-generate energy and become more independent.”
 

IIFL Mutual Fund launches IIFL India Growth FundOct 08, 2014, 07.30 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IIFL Mutual Fund launches IIFL India Growth Fund
IIFL Mutual Fund launches IIFL India Growth Fund, an open ended equity fund with the objective to generate long term capital appreciation for investors from a portfolio of equity and equity related securities.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IIFL Mutual Fund launches IIFL India Growth Fund
IIFL Mutual Fund launches IIFL India Growth Fund, an open ended equity fund with the objective to generate long term capital appreciation for investors from a portfolio of equity and equity related securities.
Post your opinion here
 
IIFL Mutual Fund  has launched a new fund as IIFL India Growth Fund, an open ended equity fund. The investment objective of the scheme is to generate long term capital appreciation for investors from a portfolio of equity and equity related securities.
The new fund offer (NFO) will be open for subscription from October 08 and will close on October 21, 2014. The new fund offer price for the scheme is Rs 10 per unit.
The scheme offers regular plan and direct plan with growth and dividend (payout & reinvestment) options under both plans.
The minimum application amount is Rs 5000 and in multiples of Rs 100 thereafter.
The entry and exit load charge will be Nil.
The scheme shall invest 75-100% in equity or equity related instruments with high risk profile and up to 25% in debt and money market instruments with low to medium risk profile.
The benchmark Index for the scheme is CNX Nifty Index.
The fund manager of the scheme will be Manish Bandi.
Q

Low interest rates: Cause and symptom
Michelle Nunn nailed it on the Obama questionBy Nia-Malika Henderson October 8 Follow @niawapo
Georgia Democratic candidate for U.S. Senate Michelle Nunn, right, shakes hands with Republican candidate David Perdue following a debate, Tuesday, Oct. 7, 2014, in Perry, Ga. (AP Photo/David Goldman)
Democrats have been trying all manner of ways to give President Obama the Heisman, acknowledging the stark reality of a once-popular president who is now a drag on the ballot.
Alison Lundergan Grimes, running against Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), punctuated her separation from Obama by  toting a gun in one of her ads .
Democratic Kentucky Senate candidate Alison Lundergan Grimes hits Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and distances herself from President Obama in an ad released less than two months before the general election. (YouTube/Alison for Kentucky)
This sort of I-am-totally-not-Obama strategy is all the more necessary  after Obama said last week that even though his name isn't on the ballot this year, his policies are .
Of all the snappy comebacks to the Obama tag, though, Michelle Nunn might have the best one so far.
In a very raucous Georgia Senate debate on Tuesday night, Nunn offered this in response to businessman David Perdue's (R) attempts to link her to Obama (emphasis mine):
My name is on the ballot. We have two more years of President Obama, and then we will have another president, and we need someone who is going to work with and respect whoever is the president to actually get things done on behalf of the American people.
Two things stand out about this retort.
First, Nunn is essentially calling the president a lame duck, who will soon be off the national stage. If elected, she will outlast him. There will be new issues, new policies and a new president.
Second, Nunn is also pivoting to a critique of the GOP's focus on Obama as a campaign and governing strategy. 'After Obama leaves office, then what's your vision?' Nunn is saying.
It's a clever , double-barreled response that smartly focuses on the post-Obama world, which after all is not so far away.
Nia-Malika Henderson is a political reporter for The Fix.

UPS starts service to lower failed deliveriesUPS service addresses failed deliveries
By Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz, Tribune reporter
E-Commerce Industry Business UPS Amazon.com Inc.
Did you miss a package delivery? UPS has a service to help.
To accommodate rising online orders, UPS has launched a service that lets customers pick up packages at nearby businesses such as hardware stores and dry cleaners if they aren't home when the driver arrives, the carrier announced Wednesday. It also is testing self-service lockers in several Chicago locations where customers can retrieve packages.
UPS started testing its Access Points program in New York and Chicago in July, and has plans to have 20,000 access point locations in key markets throughout Europe and the Americas by the end of the next year.
It has about 300 U.S. locations, including 95 in the Chicago metro area, with more signing on each week.
In January, all 4,400 UPS stores in the U.S. will become access points.
UPS is choosing locations mostly in dense urban areas to accommodate residents who can't have packages safely left at their doorstep, such as at multitenant dwellings without doormen or houses that are close to the street, said Geoff Light, UPS president of product development. Usually, those customers have to have the package redirected to their workplace or drive across town to a UPS center to pick it up.
0
“As more business moves online, we think it's in the best interest of all parties to make it as frictionless as possible,” Light said. “It helps our retail customers sell more product and helps our consumers (who are currently) stranded from participating in online commerce” — which, in turn, drives more package volume to UPS.
The service also brings cost savings to UPS when drivers don't have to make second and third delivery attempts. Instead, the driver will leave a notice after the first attempt, letting the customer know where the package is being held, typically no farther than a 10-minute walk away in the city or a 10-minute drive in the suburbs.
If the package is particularly large or heavy, the driver will not take it to an access point and instead continue delivery attempts as usual, Light said.
The practice is the norm in Europe, where UPS has 12,000 access points.
In addition to drivers making the judgment call on whether to leave a package at a doorstep or take it to an access point, UPS is partnering with online retailers to give shoppers the option at checkout to have the order shipped directly to an access point.
That is a change in the industry, where the relationship typically has been between the carrier and the consumer, said Steven Osburn, a director at consulting firm Kurt Salmon.
“Retailers are going to have to be a little more responsible as far as pushing these capabilities,” Osburn said, such as by advertising them and making them part of the sales transaction.
It also will save UPS money if drivers can make one delivery stop rather than multiple stops, Osburn said.
Customers can also arrange to have their packages delivered to an access point through UPS My Choice, a mobile app that gives customers delivery alerts and lets them reschedule or reroute their packages.
More than 10 million U.S. customers use My Choice, and UPS announced Wednesday that it is expanding it to 15 European countries.
UPS pays a nominal fee to businesses it asks to serve as access points, which typically are convenience stores, grocers, dry cleaners or mobile phone stores that have nighttime and weekend hours, Light said. Those businesses store and scan in the packages with a UPS-issued device and check customers' ID when they come to pick them up.
Michael Lovitto, owner of Glenview True Value hardware at 3222 Glenview Road in Glenview, said he agreed to be an access point to bring new customers in. And it is working.
“We're getting sales out of it,” said Lovitto, who stows most packages behind the register. “They are walking around the store and buying.”
In addition to partnering with local retailers, UPS plans to install nine sets of self-service lockers in Chicago to test the concept in areas where the carrier can't find businesses to serve as access points. Customers access the lockers using their ID and a code.
It has installed lockers in three locations — outside an Aldi at 4500 N. Broadway, outside a Staples at 4610 N. Clark St., and outside a 7-Eleven at 3800 N. Kedzie Ave., said Kalin Robinson, UPS director of new product development. Two more are coming soon to 87th Street on the South Side, one at an Aldi and the other inside a currency exchange.
Light said the lockers are not in response to Amazon Locker, a similar concept that the e-commerce giant has in select markets.
“We see Amazon benefiting significantly from what we're doing,” Light said. “We see this as complementary.”
aelejalderuiz@tribune.com

Prime Minister Narendra Modi is misleading people by his false oratory: HoodaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Odisha sets "zero casualty" target as Hudhud approaches coastThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Power ministry to sell LED bulbs at Rs.10Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rallis india... the counter today witnessed a gap up opening an...99 Followers
Rallis India...
The counter today witnessed a gap up opening and managed to close above its short term moving averages with decent volumes. With other indicators looking quite bullish we expect the counter to show intraday strength in sessions ahead. Recommend Buy 240 SL 228 TGT 252-255 in a short term.
8.30 PM Oct 8th

subasuji  there is a steep fall when there is huge buying before divi...Platinum Member
40 Followers
What a brilliant guess? I dreamt that the BSE sensex is going to crash and it will be declared a black wednesday on 8.10.2014. This dream came at 5.45 in the morning today and appears to be real. It is the best time to exit from many of holdings or portfolio and stay in cash for till deepavali till you see good tidings in November 2015.
12.21 PM Oct 7th

Agreed they are getting too much for themsleves  giving less to shareh...39 Followers
dravtarji,
Div. yield @ over 2% though not as per our expectations but is good as compared to the most listed cos. But the capital appreciation in past 1 yr & expected in next 1 yr. is excellant by any standard.We as shareholders wud like to see more capital appreciation than Div.
However since for the past two trading sessions a great deal of accumulation has taken place I am expecting a jump in the share prices in next 1 wk. it may even see new 52 wk high
9.10 AM Oct 9th

Bilawal Bhutto taunts Narendra Modi  says  Pak can retaliate  unlike your victims from Gujarat13
0
Islamabad: Days after he vowed that Pakistan will take back entire Kashmir, the country's 'Gen Next' politician Bilawal Bhutto Zardari on Wednesday attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying Pakistan can retaliate "unlike his victims from Gujarat".
Accusing India of adopting "Israel model" against Pakistan, the 26-year-old scion of the Bhutto family said on Twitter, "Another attack on LOC. seems India adopting Israel model vs Pakistan. Modi must realize we can retaliate unlike his victims from Gujarat."
He said this amid escalating tension between the two countries after ceasefire violations and heavy mortar shelling along the Line of Control that has claimed at least 12 lives on both sides.
Bilawal's comments came days after he had said that his Pakistan People's Party would get back entire Kashmir from India.
#bilawal bhutto #narendra modi #israel #india
Bilawal's comments came days after he had said that his Pakistan People's Party (PPP) would get back entire Kashmir from India.
"I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan," he had said, addressing the party workers in Multan region in Punjab on September 19.
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People's Party which officially wants good ties with India.
His mother, former slain premier Benazir Bhutto, was twice elected as prime minister while his maternal grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, who founded the PPP in 1967, also served as prime minister in 1970s.
Another attack on LOC. seems India adopting Israle model vs Pakistan.Modi must realize we can retaliate unlike his victims from Gujarat.

Indian school girl suffocates to death in school bus in UAEOct 08, 2014 at 07:50pm IST
Indian school girl suffocates to death in school bus in UAE
28
0
Dubai: A 4-year-old Indian schoolgirl died after she fell asleep inside a bus and left alone for several hours by the driver and the bus supervisor in UAE's capital Abu Dhabi.
Naziha Lal Ahmed, KG1 student of a private Al Worood school, was found dead after she apparently suffocated inside the locked bus on a hot day at the end of the school day, emirates247 reported on Wednesday.
The incident has left her family and school in shock and grief, raising concerns about the safety of children using these services.
The incident has left the family and school in shock and grief, raising concerns about the safety of children using bus services.
#death #uae #abu dhabi #school bus
"The bus driver and supervisor are principally responsible for the child's death. The rules we have set are very clear and they are intended to upgrade safety on school buses," Abu Dhabi traffic police chief Brigadier Hussein Al Harthi was quoted as saying by Arabic daily Al Ittihad as saying.
The girl's grandfather, Asghar Ali, said that Naziha got on the school bus around 6.30 am and that the family received a phone call from the school management around 12.30 pm.
"I can tell you that we lost our granddaughter because of negligence and a grave mistake by persons who are supposed to look after school children, not leaving them to die inside buses," Asghar Ali told the paper.
Girl's father Naseer Ahmad is from Coorg in Karnataka and his wife is from Kannur district in Kerala.
"We offer our condolences to the family of the pupil and will be taking the necessary administrative action if any negligence is proven," Hamad Al Dhaheri, Executive Director of Private School Sector at the Abu Dhabi Education Council said.
4

Nokia to shut down its Chennai factory from Nov. 1New Delhi, October 7, 2014
Updated: October 7, 2014 15:54 IST
Nokia to shut down its Chennai factory from Nov. 1
PTI
The Hindu A file picture of the Nokia plant at Sriperumbudur near Chennai. Photo: Bijoy Ghosh.
TOPICS
market and exchange
Telecom gear maker Nokia on Tuesday said that it will shut down its Chennai plant from November 1 as Microsoft has terminated mobile purchase agreement from the factory and it is left with no business.
“Microsoft has informed Nokia that it will be terminating the manufacturing services defined in the agreement with effect from November 1, 2014. In absence of further orders from Microsoft, Nokia will suspend handset production at the Sriperumbudur facility from 1st November,” Nokia said in a statement.
In September 2013, Nokia announced it would sell its devices and services (D&S) business, including assets in India, to Microsoft for $ 7.2 billion by March 2014.
The deal was completed on April 25 but Chennai facility could not be transferred to Microsoft because of legal issues related to tax demand by the government.
Nokia started manufacturing in Chennai from January 2006 and exported to markets including the Middle East and Africa, Asia, Australia and New Zealand from there.
In March, the Tamil Nadu government served a Rs 2,400 crore notice on Nokia, saying the firm had also sold products from the Chennai plant in the domestic market instead of shipping them overseas.
In a separate tax case, the Supreme Court had ordered Nokia India on March 14 to give a Rs 3,500 crore guarantee before it transfers the plant to Microsoft.
As a consequence, Nokia entered into a transitional services agreement with Microsoft to address their immediate production needs and keep the factory operational.
“Unfortunately, the continuing asset freeze imposed by the tax department prevents Nokia from exploring potential opportunities for the transfer of the factory to a successor to support the long term viability of the established, fully functional electronics manufacturing ecosystem,” the statement said.
Nokia said that it will be informing all stakeholders including the Labour Commissioner of the suspension.
“As a responsible employer, Nokia is currently evaluating options to minimise the impact on existing employees at the manufacturing facility. It will share further information once details have been finalised,” Nokia said.
The exact number of employees at present in its Chennai factory could not be ascertained but in March out of 6,600 permanent employees, about 5,000 had opted for Voluntary Retirement Scheme offered by Nokia.
As the plant was locked in legal battle and was left out of the Nokia-Microsoft $ 7.2 billion deal, the Sriperumbudur unit became contract manufacturing unit.
However, production at the unit has been dwindling, according to Nokia India Employees Union sources.
Production declined from 13 million handsets per month to four million per month in March this year, besides majority of machinery was shifted to other manufacturing facilities of Nokia situated in countries like Vietnam, Union sources said.
According to Union officials, 60 per cent of the employees working at the factory comprise women. The facility was also employing 10,000 people indirectly in the Sriperumbudur region.
The plant became one of the landmarks in the Sriperumbudur industrial belt as it was one of the few companies apart from auto maker Hyundai Motor India to set up plant, employing large number of people.
“Production of phones like Asha range have shifted to other countries and the plant which was operating in three shifts has come down to two shifts,” Union sources said.
The factory also witnessed tense moments post the deal with Microsoft as several employees who were working at the unit since it began operations in 2006 staged protests urging the management to include them on the payroll of Microsoft.
About 3,000 employees affiliated to Nokia India Thozhilalargal Sangam (Nokia India Employees Union) staged a one-day fast in Chennai early this year, seeking to draw the attention of the central and state governments to their plight.
Nokia India also offered ‘Bridge initiative’ offering consultancy services and employment outlook training besides providing the voluntary retirement scheme.

Covering the  Umbrella RevolutionWhat it was like to cover the 'Umbrella Revolution'
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan October 7, 2014: 2:20 PM ET
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
I have been left astonished by the protests that rocked Hong Kong last week, especially the organization, kindness and ambition of the youthful protesters asking Beijing for the right to choose who runs their city.
What was so impressive? Maybe it started with the trash.
After days of protest, the students were still cleaning up after themselves . I saw them sort trash in the wee hours -- paper here, plastic there.
"I can't believe they were tear-gassed and pepper-sprayed, and then they pick up the garbage the next day," a woman at the scene whispered to me.
Young supporters handed out yellow ribbons, a symbol of solidarity. Students could be seen doing their homework in the middle of the night. Others offered biscuits to members of the same police force that days earlier deployed tear gas against the crowds.
Some found a creative use for umbrellas, which became a symbol of the protests after they were used to defend against pepper spray. Protesters used them as decoration or makeshift tents. They came in handy when it rained, too.
A few protesters zipped around on motorbikes making sure all protest areas were well-stocked with donated supplies. Nurses organized on Facebook, and staffed first aid tents at the three main protest sites.
Related: Teacher flew 3,000 miles to join protests
The students were quick to lend a hand, holding my camera and steadying me as I clambered over road barricades. One pressed a water bottle and cooling patch into my hands. "Take it, it's too hot out here," she said. "I have more."
Signs were everywhere: First in Chinese, then English: "I love my home, I protect my city," "The next generation thanks you" and "Keep calm and open your umbrella." As the days went by, I lost count of the languages: Korean, Dutch, Greek, even Latin -- "Hong Kong firmamentum in democratia."
Protesters chanted slogans: "Hong Kong, add oil!" and "689, step down!"
(The first is a literal translation from Chinese, and an encouragement to keep going -- like adding oil to a flame. The second is the number of votes cast for Chief Executive C.Y. Leung in 2012 out of an electoral committee of 1,200.)
As I wandered through the crowd, a pair of brothers, three and four years old, asked me why the police would hurt people. I wasn't sure what to say, so instead, I snapped a picture of them. They tried to pin a yellow ribbon on me, unable to understand why, as a journalist, I had to remain impartial and refuse their gift.
Related: Meet the hedge fund guy backing the protests
Others told me their dreams of universal suffrage, a stronger social safety net, the chance to own a home, land an overseas job or start a business of their own.
"This is a dark time for Hong Kong," a high school student said sadly. What do you want to do someday, I asked? His face split into a wide grin: "Open a cafe!"
Protesters asked me to tell their stories. I spoke to as many as possible, from three years old to 63, scribbling their words down.
But as I wrote story after story, I couldn't help but wonder: What will Hong Kong be like in a few decades? What will life be like for these protesters?
The symbols of China's power loom large. The People's Liberation Army building towers over the main protest site. Night after night, the building's shiny red star casts an eerie glow over the city's harbor.
The protests have divided friends and families. Even my own Facebook wall has become a battleground of political discussion.
 
Business fed up with Hong Kong's Occupiers
One young man, 18, told me his parents didn't agree with the protesters and thought Hong Kong should accept Beijing's plan to vet candidates for the city's top office. (His dad let him out of the house only on the promise he'd respect curfew.)
As scuffles broke out and pressure on the protesters increased, my thoughts returned to their dreams. Will they succeed, or will Hong Kong bow to China's might?
First Published: October 7, 2014: 2:20 PM ET
Most Popular

Ebola donations lag far behind needEbola donations lag far behind need
By Melanie Hicken   @melhicken October 8, 2014: 8:02 AM ET
 
Ebola medicine in short supply
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Even though the largest Ebola outbreak in history has been dominating headlines, few Americans are opening their wallets to help.
Last month, the United Nations announced it would need nearly $1 billion to effectively fight the virus, which has killed more than 3,400 people across West Africa since March. If it is not contained, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates there could be hundreds of thousands of Ebola cases in coming months.
Ebola donations so far
AmeriCares
$1 million
"Every day we delay, the cost and the suffering will grow exponentially," UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon said at the time.
Related: Where your donation dollars go
The United States and other governments have pledged tens of millions of dollars to pay for everything from medicine and protective clothing for aid workers to safe burials for the deceased. Yet individual and corporate donations to support Ebola response efforts are lagging far behind the funds given in the aftermath of natural disasters, such as the 2010 earthquake in Haiti or last year's typhoon in the Philippines.
Four major U.S. aid organizations surveyed by CNNMoney have received a combined total of $19.5 million so far, much of which came from nonprofit foundations as opposed to individual donors.
In contrast, major charities received close to double that amount within a week of Typhoon Haiyan's destruction in the Philippines last year. And U.S. relief organizations raised $1.3 billion within six months of the 2010 earthquake in Haiti.
The American Red Cross , which raised $486 million to support its Haiti response efforts, has received only $100,000 in individual donations dedicated to fighting Ebola, on top of a $2.8 million foundation donation.
Spokeswoman Jana Sweeny said there hasn't been enough donor interest in the Ebola crisis for the organization to launch a text message campaign or to create a special Ebola "button" on their homepage.
"With a lot of events, we see an influx in phone calls and emails to our public inquiry line about how they can help," she said. "We just haven't seen it this time."
Meanwhile, Doctors Without Borders said it is not actively seeking Ebola donations because the group prefers unrestricted gifts that it can put toward causes where need is greatest.
Ebola outbreak: Ways to help
Even though the Ebola outbreak has become a growing public health crisis over the past several months, it has not attracted the attention of potential donors like natural disasters often do, said Kevin Allan, senior vice president of development at AmeriCares , a nonprofit emergency responder.
"It didn't have that sudden jolt (of) a flashing news report that an earthquake has struck some town and buildings have collapsed," he said. "It's often that sudden jolt that urges people to give."
The group has received $1 million to support its Ebola response work in Sierra Leone and Liberia. While it's seen a slight increase in donations following reports of Ebola patients arriving in the U.S., it's not in "any way comparable to some of the big disasters over the last several years," he said.
 
Ebola medicine in short supply
Yet unlike natural disasters, aid groups say they need to raise even more resources to help stop the Ebola epidemic from getting even worse.
For example, the U.S. Fund for UNICEF says that $57 can deliver one household kit with things like protective gloves and chlorine to help protect a family caring for someone with Ebola. Meanwhile it costs $29,500 to operate a 100-bed Ebola treatment unit for a month.
Caryl Stern, CEO of the fund, said that the crisis has been a "disaster within a disaster" because the disease hit poor countries with already weak medical systems. Many hospitals don't have running water or enough beds, let alone the medications and equipment needed to treat such an infectious disease.
"How do I quantify that and explain to the American people in the same way I can show a building here today and gone tomorrow?" she said. So far, the fund has received a mere fraction of the $74.5 million it received in the wake of the Haiti earthquake.
Related: The fight against Ebola is grossly underfunded
In a speech at the United Nations last month, Doctors Without Borders international president Joanne Liu said one of the group's facilities in Liberia is only able to open for just thirty minutes each morning "to fill beds made empty by those who died overnight."
Many of the sick must be turned away, she said, forcing them to return home where they can infect their family and neighbors.
"The sick are desperate, their families and caregivers are angry, and aid workers are exhausted..." she said. "Ebola is winning."
 
Melinda Gates: Ebola left behind by pharma
First Published: October 7, 2014: 6:36 PM ET
Most Popular

Geithner is in the hot seat again over AIGBy Max Ehrenfreund October 7 Follow @MaxEhrenfreund
Outside the court on Tuesday, Tim Geithner can't get away from questions about AIG. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg)
Timothy Geithner sat in the witness box in federal court for six hours on Tuesday, where he was confronted with the minutiae of the controversial rescue, six years ago, of American International Group.
"I don't know," Geithner, who helped orchestrate the bailout as president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, said again and again. "You're testing my memory."
It wasn't surprising Geithner couldn't remember the details of the AIG affair: He likely has tried to forget that dark episode of his life. The AIG rescue, though it may have helped stabilize the financial system, was in many ways the low point for Geithner and his fellow financial firefighters. The insurance company passed on much of the federal largess to banks--including foreign ones--and paid rich bonuses to members of the speculative trading division that nearly caused the company to collapse.
The actions inflamed the public and Congress, and put Geithner in the hot seat once he had come to Washington as President Obama's Treasury secretary.
Along with the other architects of the bailout, former Treasury secretary Hank Paulson and former Fed chairman Ben Bernanke, Geithner is being dragged into court by AIG's former chief executive, Maurice "Hank" Greenberg. Greenberg is suing the government for $40 billion, arguing the government did not have the authority to assume an 80 percent share of AIG and that AIG had no opportunity to negotiate on behalf of its shareholders during the rescue.
In a small and crowded room at the Federal Court of Claims, Geithner retained his famous equanimity but offered little detail when pressed by well-known lawyer David Boies, who's prosecuting the case on behalf of Greenberg after a career that included representing Al Gore in the 2000 landmark case that went to the Supreme Court. Geithner sometimes seemed bothered by the notion that he could narrate his every action so many years later.
At one point, Boies, sporting a suit and black sneakers, asked Geithner about a crucial Fed board meeting in Washington on Sept. 16, 2008, when the Fed authorized the bailout of the AIG. Geithner participated by telephone and hung up partway through.
“Perhaps I had something else to do, but I can’t remember,” he said dismissively, referring to a time when he was consumed by crisis.
At another point Boies asked Geithner when AIG was added to a daily Fed report on the solvency of major financial institutions.
"I would be guessing, but I guess I would guess sometime in '08 -- but I'm not sure," Geithner replied.
Geithner, now president of a New York private equity firm, and his colleagues have long maintained that AIG was certain to collapse without the federal rescue, and such a collapse would have wrecked the economy, putting countless workers out of a job. Though they've said they were frustrated to have to bail out the company -- let alone allow it to pay bonuses -- they said they did the best they could under trying circumstances.
In Greenberg's version of events, the government was no Good Samaritan, but rather failed to take the necessary steps to protect the company, which he says could have survived without the bailout. Still, many legal experts say he's unlikely to win the case.
Through Boies's questioning, Greenberg's grievances became clear. One of the conditions of the AIG bailout was that the company's board agree to waive a shareholder vote that would ordinarily be required when granting such a large stake to a new investor -- in this case, the government.
"You are aware that the Federal Reserve wanted to avoid a shareholder vote?" Boies asked.
"No, I didn't say that," replied Geithner, who occasionally fiddled with his wire reading glasses while he testified.
Boies also asked Geithner why he didn't pursue various proposals to save AIG with private money -- either from Chinese investors or some consortium of Wall Street firms.
Geithner said that no realistic plan was forthcoming, and that investors were trying to take advantage of a partial government guarantee to turn a profit on the distressed company without making any real commitments themselves.
"Private investors were trying to get benefits without taking, in reality, an equal proportion of the risk," he said.
Greenberg had been forced to leave AIG in 2005, but he remained a major shareholder. According to court records, he talked to Geithner on the phone during the week of September 15, 2008, when AIG's fate was decided. Geithner remembered that he declined to include Greenberg in discussions regarding AIG.
Boies asked Geithner his opinion of Greenberg. There was a long pause.
"I would say I had a high regard for him, but a complicated regard," Geithner said eventually.
 

Wal-Mart to end health insurance coverage for some part-time workersBy Sarah Halzack October 7 Follow @sarahhalzack
A Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. (Jae C. Hong/AP)
Wal-Mart said Tuesday that it would eliminate health insurance coverage for about 30,000 of its part-time workers, a move that the nation’s largest retailer says is aimed at slashing its rising health-care costs.
All Wal-Mart employees who work less than 30 hours a week will no longer be eligible for coverage, a policy change that will affect 2 percent of the company’s 1.3 million U.S. workers and about 5 percent of its part-time workforce.
The company also said it will raise health-insurance premiums for its entire workforce in 2015.
Wal-Mart’s Senior Vice President of Global Benefits, Sally Welborn, said in a blog post that these were “tough decisions” made amid a climate in which businesses of all kinds are struggling to deal with their employees’ rising health-care costs.
“Wal-Mart’s change is not surprising and it does follow a number of retail employers who have moved in this direction since the Affordable Care Act,” said Brian Marcotte, chief executive of the National Business Group on Health, an organization that represents large employers on health-care issues.
Target said in January that it would cease to provide coverage for part-time workers .  At the time, Target human resources executive Jodee Kozlak said that the company believed that these employees might prefer the options that were now available to them through the health insurance marketplaces created under the Affordable Care Act.  Trader Joe’s and Home Depot announced a similar moves  in fall 2013.
Greg Foran, chief executive of Wal-Mart U.S., told investors during a conference call in August that health-care costs were up $180 million compared to the previous year, a figure he said was “well above” the company’s initial estimates.  By the end of the fiscal year, Wal-Mart expects to see a $500 million increase in health-care expenses due to higher levels of employee enrollment in its plans and higher costs.  Almost 1.2 million employees and their family members are covered by Wal-Mart health-care plans.
In 2012, Wal-Mart said it would no longer offer coverage to new employees who worked less than 30 hours per week. However, existing employees who worked less than 30 hours were at that time permitted to continue getting health insurance coverage through Wal-Mart.  This latest move means that those employees who had previously been grandfathered in will no longer be able to obtain coverage through Wal-Mart.
Wal-Mart will provide affected workers with assistance in finding new health insurance plans.
Previously, in 2011, the company got rid of health-insurance coverage for employees who worked less than 24 hours a week.
These recent reductions to health insurance offerings come less than a decade after Wal-Mart made a big push to expand its health-care coverage for workers . At the time, the company was facing sharp criticism from labor groups and legislators who said the Wal-Mart didn’t provide adequate coverage options for its employees.
Wal-Mart says its that its health insurance offerings compare favorably to those of its retail competitors.  The Bentonville, Ark.-based company says that in 2014, its employees on average paid 32 percent less for their health coverage than other workers in the retail sector and 25 percent less than workers in other industries.
Workers enrolled in Wal-Mart’s most popular insurance plan will see their premiums increase in 2015 from $18.40 to $21.90 per pay period. Using data from benefits consulting firm Aon Hewitt as a benchmark, Wal-Mart says that those costs are about half what other retail employees face.
Marcotte said its not likely that Wal-Mart’s move will spur other major employers to change their insurance offerings.  The Affordable Care Act might mean different things to different companies, he said, based on the size of their part-time workforce, how many low-wage workers they have and other factors.
“It’s really going to come down to a very company-specific decision,” Marcotte said.
Read more:

Kraft raises dividend by 5 percentKraft raises dividend by 5 percent
Kraft headquarters
Abel Uribe, Chicago Tribune
Employees at Kraft Foods work and watch the first game of the World Cup in one of many open spaces at the newly renovated headquarters in Northfield.
Employees at Kraft Foods work and watch the first game of the World Cup in one of many open spaces at the newly renovated headquarters in Northfield. (Abel Uribe, Chicago Tribune)
Kraft Foods Group Inc.
Kraft raises dividend payout by 4.8%
Kraft Foods Group Inc. on Tuesday said its board approved an increase of nearly 4.8 percent in its quarterly dividend, following a 5 percent increase in 2013.
The Northfield-based maker of Philadelphia cream cheese and Planters nuts said the new dividend of 55 cents per share, up from 52.5 cents per share, is payable on Oct. 31 to holders of record as of Oct. 17.
Shares of Kraft fell 1.3 percent to $55.56 in Nasdaq trading on Tuesday.

Walmart And Whole Foods Are Slowly Killing Traditional Groceriesreddit
The days of buying all of your food at a local grocery store are coming to an end. And that could be a problem for the supermarket industry.
The share of the grocery market held by traditional supermarkets like Kroger, Safeway and Publix will fall to about 37 percent in 2018 from about 40 percent in 2013, according to a recent research note from Jones Lang LaSalle, a investment management firm specializing in real estate. At the same time, wholesale clubs like Costco, grocery delivery sites and so-called fresh format stores like Whole Foods are poised to grow.
The chart below from JLL data shows the percentage by which various food shopping formats are expected to grow through 2018.
A variety of factors are changing the way we shop, according to the analysts. For one, the recession and slow recovery trained shoppers to look for deals, and they're finding them in Walmart’s expanded grocery aisle , one of the chain’s new neighborhood markets or a dollar store . In addition, shoppers are increasingly focused on health , making stores like Whole Foods, Fresh Market and Sprouts Farmers Market an attractive option.
Finally, with grocery sites like AmazonFresh , Peapod and others constantly popping up, customers are increasingly turning to the web instead of the supermarket aisle.
With so many ways to find food conveniently and at the right price, Americans are now more likely to hit up as many as five sources to fulfill their grocery needs, the report found . This trend may have already hampered growth for some grocery giants. At Safeway stores open at least a year, sales (excluding fuel) increased just 2.5 percent last quarter , while sales at Sprouts increased by 9.5 percent .
The analysts predict that all of this competition will push more major grocers to consolidate. Already in the past couple of years, Kroger acquired Harris-Teeter and Safeway merged with Albertsons in a deal led by a private equity firm.
More:

Is The Domino s Pizza Tracker Realreddit
The tracker is legit -- but only as legit as the people in the store let it be. The fact is, there are a lot of factors that happen in a store that the tracker can't always account for, and so your mileage may vary with the online tracker for those reasons.
The Dream
As others have already mentioned, there's a narrative to the tracker that the store supposedly follows: You place your order online. That order arrives at the store. The labels print out and are put on boxes. And the order itself appears on a screen at the make-line.
The person on the make-line assembles your food items and indicates that the order has been made. The tracker updates and tells you that your order is now in the oven. After a set period of time -- somewhere around 7 minutes, give or take -- the order should be out of the oven and in the process of being boxed. (Note: There is no button for employees to push to say that an order has come out of the oven; this is an automatically timed event on the tracker.)
Once your items are out of the oven and boxed, your delivery driver packs them in the hot-bag, gathers up any other items you may have ordered (sodas, sauces, chips, etc.), and "punches out" the order to say that, why yes, it is out for delivery. Once again, the tracker updates to let you know that your order is on its way.
Once the order is delivered and the driver returns, the driver signs back in to indicate that his run is complete. The tracker then updates for the final time -- though, you should already know that the order's been completed based on the pizza in your hands.
The Reality
Now, all that said, there are some factors that can affect your Tracker experience. Because delivery drivers can "game the system," so to speak.
By Domino's policies, for example, no driver is supposed to take more than two or three deliveries at a time (as memory serves). Corporate policy is very emphatic about that. Even though we don't do the "30 minutes or it's free" rule anymore, we do still strive to have every order delivered within 30 minutes or less to ensure customer satisfaction. Unfortunately, that 30 minute rule was only really made for stores with smaller delivery radii and enough drivers to consistently handle the amount of business received in a given day.
I worked at a store in Pittsburgh's East Liberty neighborhood that delivered to roughly half the city of Pittsburgh -- including every college campus, nearly every major hospital, the Strip District, and the Homewood/Lincoln-Larimer/East Hills neighborhoods. That's a huge radius to cover, and even with an average of at least eight to 10 drivers per night, we didn't have the ability to do our deliveries entirely by the book. Especially not if any given driver wanted to make a decent living that night. To compensate, most drivers would try to take between four and six deliveries at a time based, depending on the area to which they were delivering.
Under those circumstances, we usually aimed for about a 45 minutes delivery time. And that's what we told people when they ordered -- somewhere between 30-45 minutes for your order. People were usually perfectly happy with this -- unless, of course, things took longer. But the tracker and the Pulse software used in-store aren't set up to account for these individual store practices. Rather, they're keyed into corporate standards.
In other words, each store is eventually evaluated on these widespread, not always applicable standards. Each order that's placed has a timer attached to it tracking the time between when it's placed and when it's marked as completed. Those timers and statistics are then reported for store evaluations and taken into account, along with any and all customer feedback. These make a significant difference as to how a store is rated, how it's treated, and essentially, how much a store is left to its own devices and allowed to keep doing what it does without supervisors breathing down the manager's neck.
So stores will sometimes fudge numbers and cut corners so their stats look better. It doesn't usually make any difference to the customer, who still gets warm pizza in a generally acceptable timeline, but it does make the store look like it's running more efficiently than it really is.
The Tricks
Here are some of the things that happened in our store to make it look more efficient.
1) The order comes in and the make-line workers immediately mark it as completed and put in the oven. Since you can go back to look at the order after you've submitted it, this gave them a couple minutes time to get the order made and put in the oven, even though the tracker says it's already in the oven. So shave two minutes there.
2) The order gets through the oven, boxed, and then put on the heat racks to be bagged and sent out. Meanwhile, on the computer for the drivers, there are five or six orders popping up on the screen with different addresses. It's my turn to take the next delivery, so I see there are two right now that have been placed for a campus in Oakland -- both are sitting at about 8 minutes on the timer, which means they're ready to be punched out and delivered.
But just as I'm ready to punch those two deliveries out, there are another two for the same neighborhood that just got placed. My choices are to let these other two orders sit on the timers for another 8 minutes (by which time they'll be a nice red color on the screen, indicating that they're very late) and then punch out all four deliveries for myself, or I can punch out the two orders now and use my "dummy account" (literally a ghost driver with a different name) to sign out the other two deliveries and take all four at once, delivering them in priority of time and convenience of route.
I use my dummy account to make the stats look better. Essentially, it means that the system shows us as having twice as many drivers working, while allowing us to take the deliveries we know we can make. Shady as hell when it comes to store evaluations, but for customer satisfaction, we didn't have that many problems.
3) Now I've got my four deliveries punched out on both of my driver accounts, and I'm out the door to make my deliveries. My first two deliveries on my main account are finished, but I'm still making the deliveries on my dummy account, so I'm not going to be back in the amount of time that the system thinks that I should. That means, once again, that we have two options: A) We can let the timers say that the driver took a hell of long time to complete one delivery, or B) we let the timers reflect the general amount of time it takes to make the deliveries by having drivers/managers/make-line workers still in-store sign drivers in at around the time that they should be coming back from that delivery. Which one looks better for the store? You guessed it. Option B.
The Problem
Now this is where things have a tendency to get a little hinky with the Tracker. Because there are a couple things going on now that aren't quite 100 percent true -- but do show up a certain way on the Tracker.
The biggest problem is that because, say, Bob just got back from delivering orders and signed back in, any online order that he was delivering (as Bob) is now marked by the Tracker as having been delivered. But since Bob had five deliveries out and three of them were under his dummy account, Fred, Bob is still finishing his last two or three deliveries. So Bob may still has your order in his car (and, quite possibly, another one on his route to deliver before he gets to your house), despite the fact that the Tracker has so graciously informed you that your pizza has already been delivered.
We would get a decent number of calls from people informing us that the Tracker told them that their pizza had been delivered, but that they didn't have anything on their table yet. You might get some people in-store and on the phones who tell you that the Tracker automatically does all that stuff, or that the driver should be there any minute and the Tracker just worked a little faster than your driver. But rest assured, unless your driver really messed up, your pizza did not get delivered to someone else. Or at the very least, if it did, the Tracker isn't the way you're going to find that out.
Rev. Joel Montgomery is an ordained pastor in the Presbyterian Church (USA) serving the First Presbyterian Church of Vandalia, Missouri. He blogs at Waxing Theological .
This piece originally appeared on Quora. Follow Quora on Twitter and Facebook .
Follow Rev. Joel Montgomery on Twitter: www.twitter.com/waxingtheologic
More:

A perpetual mess that is AfghanistanA perpetual mess that is Afghanistan
G PARTHASARATHY
Reuters Children of heaven Caught in a hell-hole
A semblance of order that Hamid Karzai managed to restore is coming unstuck, with implications for India
Even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi was cautioning Americans in New York against a precipitate withdrawal, Afghanistan was preparing for momentous change in Kabul. Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai was taking over as Afghanistan’s president from Hamid Karzai, who ruled Afghanistan for 12 turbulent years. Despite efforts by worthy Americans such as Peter Galbraith and Richard Holbrooke to malign him and destabilise his government, and despite a vicious propaganda barrage from Pakistan, President Karzai succeeded in establishing a measure of effective governance in Afghanistan. He also skilfully brought together the country’s fractious ethnic groups, to deal with the challenge posed by the Pakistani-backed Afghan Taliban and Haqqani network, together with their Islamist allies, including the al Qaeda.
The change of guard has not been smooth. The first round of elections in April produced no clear winner. The second round in June produced a stunning result. It gave an unexpectedly large victory margin to Ghani over his rival, Abdullah Abdullah, a former foreign minister and close aide of the legendary political and military leader Ahmed Shah Masood. Abdullah had a substantial lead in the first round, securing 46 per cent of the votes, against 32 per cent for Ghani.
Strange elections
A report by the European Union declared the second round of voting as “massively rigged”. A US report held that it was mathematically impossible for Ghani to have secured the margin of victory that he did. With controversy over the electoral result spiralling out of control and assuming volatile ethnic dimensions, the Americans stepped in, to broker and virtually impose an uneasy and tenuous compromise between Ghani and Abdullah.
Following the agreement between the rival candidates, Ashraf Ghani was sworn in as president and Abdullah as ‘chief executive’, a post which has no constitutional sanctity. The road map for this transition includes the convening of a loya jirga or grand assembly to convert the post of chief executive into that of an executive prime minister.
It remains to be seen whether the contemplated changes, with two separate centres of executive authority, can provide stable and effective governance in a country beset with ethnic rivalries and tensions. Within 24 hours of the assumption of power by Ghani and Abdullah, Afghanistan and the US inked a security agreement which will result in the US stationing 9,800 troops in a training and counter-insurgency role in Afghanistan, beyond 2014. A “status of forces agreement” giving immunity to foreign forces against prosecution in Afghan courts was also inked. It will allow the Americans to retain air bases across Afghanistan.
Pakistan turnaround
Pakistan has welcomed these developments. Apart from formal statements by National Security Adviser Sartaj Aziz and the foreign office, a meeting of the top brass of the Pakistan army also welcomed this development as a “good move for peace in Afghanistan”.
This is an astonishing turnaround for a Pakistani establishment that has all along made known its unease with the American presence in Afghanistan. It comes at a time when an estimated 80,000 Pakistani troops and paramilitary, backed by air power, are pounding positions of the Tehriq-e-Taliban in North Waziristan — an operation resulting in an estimated one million tribal Pashtuns fleeing their homes. At the same time, the Mullah Omar-led Afghan Taliban have been on the rampage this year across Afghanistan, prompting the soft-spoken Ghani to say: “We ask the opponents of the government, especially the Taliban and the Hizb-e-Islami to enter political talks.”
Pakistan’s massive military offensive in the tribal areas bordering Afghanistan has been selectively undertaken. Long-term ISI assets including the Haqqani Network, the Mullah Omar-led Afghan Taliban and even the Al Zawahiri-led al Qaeda have been spared and obviously accommodated in ISI safe houses. They will be kept in readiness to move into Afghanistan at a time of Pakistan’s choosing.
Afghanistan is going to remain dependent on NATO for military and economic funding. NATO funding of Afghanistan’s military of $5.1 billion annually till 2017 has been agreed upon. A similar amount of external funding would be required for Afghanistan’s administrative and developmental needs.
The joint declaration issued after the Barack Obama-Narendra Modi summit spoke of “dismantling of safe havens for terrorist and criminal networks, to disrupt all financial and tactical support for terrorist and criminal networks such as al Qaeda, Lashkar-e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, the D-Company, and the Haqqanis”. Significantly, there is no mention in the joint declaration of the Mullah Omar-led Taliban, which has been primarily responsible for the killing of 2,229 American soldiers in Afghanistan, the training of terrorists for jihad in Jammu and Kashmir, and for colluding with the hijackers of IC814.
The American angle
It has been obvious for some time that the Americans are keen to do a deal with the Taliban. They may pay lip service to statements that any internal reconciliation process has to be “Afghan-led”. But, the reality is different, ever since the US encouraged Qatar to host a Taliban office in Doha. An enraged Karzai torpedoed that American effort, with obvious Pakistani support, to grant international legitimacy to the Taliban. Ghani will, however, have to reluctantly accept Pakistan-brokered American-Taliban “contacts” as a prelude to sign Taliban control in parts of southern Afghanistan.
India cannot be sanguine about these developments. A priority of the Obama administration will be to smoothly take out its military equipment from Afghanistan, through Pakistan. The Taliban will be looked on rather more benignly than in the past. Militarily, the ISI/Taliban effort will be to seize control of large swathes of territory in southern Afghanistan, compelling a reduction of India’s assistance in that part of the country.
Differences in the priorities and compulsions of Ghani and Abdullah in Kabul appear inevitable. Our membership of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation will have to be utilised to fashion a more coordinated approach with its members Russia, China, Iran and the Central Asian Republics.
A more intensive approach on developing the Port of Chah Bahar in Iran and on meeting Afghan requirements of defence equipment will be imperative. The post 9/11 “end game” for the Americans in Afghanistan has only just begun.
(The author is a former high commissioner to Pakistan)
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

US recovery implicationsTweet
A Fed rate hike won’t matter if India returns to a growth of 7 or 8 per cent
Last week, President Barack Obama said it was America, not India or China, that was the “world’s most attractive place to invest”. The claim has some basis. The US economy grew at an annualised rate of 4.6 per cent during the April-June quarter, while its unemployment rate fell to 5.9 per cent in September, from the 10 per cent levels reached in October 2009. The current year has seen an average 230,000 non-farm payroll jobs being added every month, as against the 750,000-odd lay-offs in the late-2008 to early-2009 period. The US, in short, has recovered from the severe economic crisis following the collapse of Lehman Brothers. Not only has the country, in Obama’s words, “put more people back to back than Europe, Japan and every other advanced economy combined”, but its 4.6 per cent growth also probably makes for a more compelling story than India’s 5.7 per cent on a much lower base.
But economic revival in the US would also mean that the Federal Reserve may start raising interest rates — from the 0-0.25 per cent target range since December 2008 — much earlier than expected. Rising rates, in combination with strong growth performance relative to other economies, will make the US the preferred destination for foreign funds. That the dollar has so far this year appreciated 8.9 per cent against the euro and 3.1 per cent vis-à-vis the yen — not to speak of most emerging market currencies — is only an indication of this reversal of fund flows back to the US happening now. Although the rupee has held itself more or less steady at around 61.5 to dollar, there has been a noticeable reduction in net foreign portfolio flows into India over the last couple of months.
While higher interest rates in the US can potentially hurt our economy, the impact need not be as bad as last year, when the Fed first talked of tapering its monthly bond-buying programme. For one, India’s current account deficit has fallen significantly, which makes the rupee far less vulnerable to speculative attacks of the sort we saw during May-August 2013. Secondly, a US economy rebound by itself is good news for our exports. Third, the Fed’s monetary tightening may well be offset by the simultaneous loosening of policy by the European Central Bank and Bank of Japan. Their printing more money in response to recessionary threats could help fill the global liquidity void created by the Fed’s withdrawal of quantitative easing before this year-end. Ultimately, what matters is the economy’s underlying strength, both in terms of macroeconomic stability and growth prospects. Right now, India is well placed on the first count; softening world crude prices only makes things better. The real challenge is on the growth front. If we start growing again by 7 or 8 per cent, global money will chase India.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

Monetary policy framework: India vs USMonetary policy framework: India vs US
Business Standard |  Oct 08, 2014 12:21 AM IST
Click on graphic
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the government have started discussion on how to take forward the recommendations of the Urjit Patel committee, set up to review the monetary policy framework. The suggestions were far-reaching, as it suggested a framework for inflation-targeting and formation of an accountable Monetary Policy Committee (MPC). Here is a comparison of the structure of the MPC , as recommended by the Urjit Patel committee, and that of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) of the US central bank

World Bank moves to quell staff revoltWorld Bank chief dogged by staff anger
By Shawn Donnan in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b7b8e8c0-4e75-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NBCC surges nearly 5% on Rs 338-cr order winYou are here: Home > Collections > Nbcc
NBCC rallies nearly 5% on Rs 338 cr order win
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 10.49AM IST
Tags:
economy
(The stock has been in a strong…)
MUMBAI: Shares of National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) gained momentum in weak market after the company bagged order from IIT Kanpur.
NBCC will undertake "construction works such as engineering core lab, research complex (Phase-I) and retrofitting of aerospace Engineering block multistoried building for Rs 337.97 crore."
The stock has been in a strong uptrend and rallied massive 320 per cent year-to-date on hopes of revival in economy and fresh construction orders from the new government.
Last month Nomura initiated coverage on the stock with a 'Buy' recommendation. According to the brokerage, the company is fast emerging as a strong play on large redevelopment opportunities from government bodies and other PSUs.
"NBCC also enjoys negative working capital (and a cash-rich balance sheet) and passes on risks to subvendors on back-to-back contracts, thus remaining asset light. We initiate with at Buy with a target price of Rs 1,049," the Nomura report said.
At 10:40 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 657.60, up 3.45 per cent, on the BSE. It surged 4.8 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 666.60.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nephew slams Chautala  seeks votes for BJP to get rid of INLD  slaveryNephew slams Chautala, seeks votes for BJP to get rid of INLD ‘slavery’
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigarh |       October 8, 2014 1:37 pm
Comments
Aditya accused Om Prakash Chautala's INLD of treating the people of Haryana as their "slaves".
Aditya Chautala, who has now assumed the name of his grandfather, INLD founder Choudhary Devi Lal, and calls himself Aditya Devi Lal, on Wednesday slammed his uncle Om Prakash Chautala, and asked people to vote for the BJP in the Haryana Assembly elections.
At a BJP public rally in Dabwali, Aditya accused Om Prakash Chautala’s INLD of treating the people of Haryana as their “slaves”, and urged the people to vote for BJP to get rid of this “slavery”. Aditya is the son of Jagdish Chautala, the younger brother of Om Prakash Chautala.
“Today, BJP is contesting on all 90 seats, and I am sure that the BJP will form the government in Haryana. For the first time, Haryana has the chance to elect a government that is committed to serving the state with utmost honesty and dedication,” Aditya said.
“In the past, you have sometimes voted in the name of caste, sometimes under pressure, and sometimes by mistake – but today we all need to choose the BJP, and empower Prime Minister Narendra Modi to serve us all. I am campaigning for the BJP. I have been to Ellanabad, Ratia and Fatehabad. People are fed up of the Congress and INLD. Both have ruled this state, what have they ever done for Dabwali?”
Aditya asked his audience to choose the BJP for the sake of their children. “It is a question of your children’s future. Every vote that you cast will contribute towards ensuring their future. If you all want to get rid of slavery, you need to vote for BJP. You have a chance to get rid of the corrupt regimes of the INLD and Congress. If we lose this chance, our children will also lead lives of slavery like us.”

Ebola virus fears hit UK travel stocksEbola virus fears hit UK travel stocks
By Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79ea6298-4ebc-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Central bank support for rouble wears thinCentral bank support for rouble wears thin
Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/90eb0248-4eb9-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saudi Arabia absorbs lower oil pricesSaudi Arabia absorbs lower oil prices
By Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a50b0a4c-4ec4-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Is the new VA firing law not strict enough for true accountabilityBy Josh Hicks October 8 Follow @reporter_hicks
A top Republican on Tuesday said new firing guidelines for the Department of Veterans Affairs may need tweaking to hold officials fully accountable for ethics and performance problems, both of which have plagued the agency in recent months.
Rep. Jeff Miller (R-Fla.), who heads the House Veterans Affairs Committee, said he is troubled by how the VA implemented recent legislation granting the VA secretary greater authority to remove senior executives.
Specifically, Miller takes issue with the agency giving officials five days advanced notice of its plans to remove them so they have a chance to respond to the charges and evidence against them.
“VA appears to be giving failing executives an opportunity to quit, retire or find new jobs without consequence,” the lawmaker said Tuesday.
Miller’s concerns stem from two of the VA’s recent firing attempts: One for John Goldman, who ran a VA medical center in Georgia; and the other for Susan Taylor, who was the agency’s No. 2 contracting official.
Pressure has been mounting for the VA to fire officials who were responsible for recent scandals, including widespread falsification of scheduling data to hide treatment delays at the agency’s medical clinics. (Scott Olson/Getty Images)
The VA decided to oust Goldman after confirming that his clinic manipulated scheduling data to hide treatment delays — part of a nationwide scandal that cost former VA Secretary Eric Shinseki his job.
Goldman beat the VA to the punch, retiring late last month before the agency could begin the removal process. Nonetheless, the VA announced four days later that it would fire him.
“Such semantic sleights of hand are insulting to the families struck by the VA scandal and only do more harm to the department’s badly damaged credibility,” Miller said at the time.
As for Taylor, the Department of Energy hired her as its contracting director last week, just days after the VA inspector general released a scathing report that she violated government ethics rules by improperly influencing procurement decisions.
DOE officials said they were unaware of the findings against Taylor when they chose her for the job, according to a Washington Examiner article . The agency rescinded its offer after news of the inspector general’s report emerged.
The inspector general recommended criminal charges against Taylor, but the Justice Department declined to prosecute. The VA on Monday announced plans to fire her .
Federal workers are allowed to appeal termination pr0posals, but the VA said the final decisions took an average of 374 days to complete in the past.
Congress and Obama approved legislation this summer to speed up the process with a new law that requires senior executives to appeal their firings within one week instead of the one-month deadline they had in the past.
The legislation also established a three-week deadline for the Merit System Protection Board to rule on appeals from the officials. Such decisions took an average of 93 days in the past, according to the VA.
“If Congress wants VA to implement a different law, it should pass one,” VA Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson said in a statement on Tuesday, adding that the agency is using its new authority “fully and responsibly” to make sound disciplinary decisions.
The VA still has some work to do before convincing Miller, who said Tuesday that Congress should keep up pressure on the agency to ensure proper accountability.
“If any current laws or regulations are impeding the department’s ability to swiftly hold employees accountable, VA leaders must work with Congress so those laws and regulations can be changed,” Miller said.
Updated: The second and third paragraphs of this article were changed to clarify that Miller is specifically concerned about the VA giving senior executives five days advanced notice before filing to remove them.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Mailbag: Griffin  injury updates and moreBy Mike Jones October 8 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Injured quarterback Robert Griffin III cheers for his team during Monday night’s game. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
We’re back with another installment of the mailbag, and we’ve got a little bit of everything to talk about.
We’ve got some injury updates, personnel issues and young prospects to discuss.
Thanks as always for taking part, and keep those questions coming throughout the week, and we’ll go over them next Tuesday.
E-mail your questions to me at mike.jones@washpost.com with the subject line of, “Mailbag question.”
What’s the true status on Griffin?  I have read articles that claim that the NFL.com report that he will return for the Cowboys game is false. With that being said, how can such a reliable reporter such as Ian Rapoport shoot out false information? I feel like there has to be some kind of validity behind Griffin coming back for the Dallas game at the end of the month as he recently reported.
– Rob Fox
As of now, there is no target date for Griffin to return to action, and I was told that it’s inaccurate that the plan is for him to come back for the Cowboys game. He’s making progress, but remains a ways off . I can’t tell you where Rapoport, who I respect and like both as a journalist and a person, got that nugget from. And I’m not at all saying he made it up. I can only go with what I am told by the sources that I trust.
It wouldn’t surprise me at all if Griffin wants to come back for that game. Heck, he’d like to come back for this Sunday’s game because he’s such a competitor. But that’s not happening, and he knows that. The decision makers within the organization refuse to set a date because they want to take this slowly and carefully to make sure that their franchise quarterback is completely healthy and able to play at a high level before they turn him loose again. Once medical personnel clears Griffin for full activities, team officials want to see him practice well for two weeks before they even consider reinserting him as the starter. He no doubt will have some rust to shake off, and they hope to have him as primed for success as possible before letting him play in a game.
Where is Leonard Hankerson in his rehab? Do you think Santana Moss is cut when Hankerson is healthy? Also I heard a few weeks ago, Bowen was fully healthy so when he’s eligible to come off the PUP, it will be interesting who gets cut.
– Jason Rotell
Hankerson looks good. Each day he goes through a rigorous workout on a separate field, and after practice, he often sticks around to catch passes from Kirk Cousins or Colt McCoy. He’s just waiting for his activation from the physically unable to perform list, which can come following the Arizona game.
Now, that doesn’t mean he will come back right away. There also is an evaluation window, which allows a player to practice before getting called up off the PUP list. It’s hard to predict what move the Redskins will make to create a roster spot for Hankerson. But Moss or Aldrick Robinson could possibly be candidates if the coaches do decide to cut a receiver. Because of what he has meant to the franchise, it’s almost hard to imagine the team cutting Moss. However, he hasn’t dressed for a game this season, so it’s not out of the question. Robinson and Hankerson both possess similar speed, and Hankerson is bigger and more versatile. That’s why I say Robinson could be a candidate.
Defensive end Stephen Bowen is also eligible to come off of PUP at the same time. If he looks good and capable of helping, a young guy like Frank Kearse, or possibly Clifton Geathers, could be in trouble.
Why is so easy for other teams to lock down our offense (and supposedly our explosive wide receivers), but we can’t do the same to them? Our wide receivers are constantly played tight at the line of scrimmage, making it hard to get those easy catches I see other wide receivers make. Why can’t our defensive backs play likewise? I mean, this is the NFL where only the elites play, right? Are we now left to now scouting the college teams? And who should we start scouting, a safety, defensive line?
– Olufemi Adepoju
The decision to play press coverage or give a wide receiver space is a matter of coaching strategy. If a coach feels confident that his defensive backs can effectively play press coverage, then he will do it. But if he’s afraid that the cornerback will get beat at the line and then give up a big play, then they will have the defensive back play off the line. A lack of size hurts Washington’s wide receivers in press coverage. Good footwork, and crisp route running can help compensate for size and strength deficiencies. As far as offseason needs, safety, cornerback and offensive line help seem to top the list.
The weakness of the O-line, the play of Brian Orakpo and secondary have me wondering whether the Redskins are effectively scouting NFL personnel, including their own. How does the front office justify entering this season with Tyler Polumbus and Chris Chester and a marginal Lauvao as starters on the O-line, knowing RGIII needs to be well protected in the pocket to develop as a pro-style QB and stay healthy?  Secondly, how do you go into the season with Brandon Merriweather and Ryan Clark as your starting safeties? Merriwether has proven two things since he was acquired: He can’t stay on the field because of injury and suspensions, and when he’s on the field, he’s a huge liability. And Clark is well past his prime. The lack of investment on the offensive line and the secondary begs my final question. Does the decision to franchise Orakpo despite his average productivity over the course of his career help answer my questions about the Redskins’ pro scouting staff and player personnel?
– Marc Gori
The decision to use the franchise tag on Brian Orakpo (paying him $11.455 million this season) has a lot to do with the lack of additional acquisitions in the secondary. Although there was some internal debate over whether he was worth that much, Bruce Allen & Co. ultimately decided that good pass rushers are hard to come by, and they didn’t want to let Orakpo walk without a backup plan. That move prompted the Redskins to pass on free agent Mike Mitchell despite targeting him early in free agency, and instead, Washington brought Meriweather back, and also signed Clark, who still has displayed productivity.
At the time that they franchised Orakpo, Redskins officials had no idea Trent Murphy would be available in the draft, and they had no idea that Orakpo would have only half a sack through five games. With each sackless week that passes, the likelihood of Orakpo receiving a handsome pay day from this team appears to dwindle.
The team did make moves in the draft to shore up the offensive line, but guard Spencer Long isn’t ready to take over for Chris Chester, and as Morgan Moses showed last night, he is nowhere close to being ready to challenge Tyler Polumbus. The hope is that by next year, the rookies, and third-year left guard Josh LeRibeus can challenge Lauvao, Chester and Polumbus.
I never hear Trent Murphy’s name called during a game. What does it say about the personnel department when a 1-4 team coming off a 3-13 season can’t get their top pick on the field?
– Farzad
Murphy, the outside linebacker selected in the second round out of Stanford, does get on the field here and there both on defense and special teams. He is used primarily as a rotational player to give Orakpo or Ryan Kerrigan a breather, and sometimes joins them on the field in nickel packages. So far, he has six tackles in his limited defensive playing time. I don’t think his limited action says much about the personnel department one way or the other right now. He’s still learning on the fly, so it might not be until later this season before we see him really start making an impact. Far too early to say whether this was a good move or bad.
How is Phillip Thomas progressing? He was a fourth-round pick, who must have some upside at a position of major need for this team. Do you see him being promoted at some point this season?
– Matt Rayman
Thomas has fully recovered from the foot and hamstring injuries that plagued him during the preseason. But he has a lot of lost time to make up for. He missed all of his rookie season after having to have foot surgery. He is making progress in his development and understanding of the defense and special-teams responsibilities, but he’s not ready. That’s why the Redskins just last week signed safety Jamarca Sanford to help the special teams units instead of promoting Thomas from the practice squad.
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered in Tuesday’s  Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Diaspora Kurds return to homeland to battle jihadistsDiaspora Kurds return to homeland to battle jihadists
AFP
print
Three months ago, Karwan Baban said goodbye to Germany and drove his minibus to his native Kurdistan to join the peshmerga battling Islamic State jihadists.
After a five-day road trip through Austria, eastern Europe and Turkey to northern Iraq, he slipped into his peshmerga uniform: "Herr Baban" the Duesseldorf import-export manager had become "Colonel Karwan".
To the great alarm of their governments, several thousand Europeans have joined the ranks of the Islamic State group, which proclaimed a "caliphate" over parts of Syria and Iraq in June.Watch: Locals cheer as airstrike hits suspected Islamic State hideout in Syria
On the other side of the battle line, dozens of Kurds from the European diaspora are also leaving their Western lives behind to take up arms and protect their homeland.
Colonel Karwan had already fought for the peshmerga under the dictatorship of former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein.
When IS fighters launched their offensive in Iraq in early June and it became clear that they were a threat to Kurdistan, he did not hesitate to leave Germany -- where he had lived for a decade -- with his family.
Protesters and policemen face each other during a demonstrators against the jihadist group Islamic State (IS)in Hamburg, northern Germany. (AFP photo)
The 1,500 peshmerga fighters he now commands include 20 who recently arrived in the autonomous Iraqi region from Europe.
In Duesseldorf alone "there are many Kurds and they're all ready to come," said Karwan.
He entertains his guests in a huge house which belongs to the Betwata family of the Khoshnaw tribe, an outlandish structure where blast walls and armed guards shield a little jasmin-scented paradise teeming with children.
Around 20 young men in combat attire and with rifles strapped over their shoulders stood around the tribal leaders. They are all cousins and have just returned from battle.
Many have only recently traded their lives in Amsterdam, Berlin or Rome for the frontlines of northern Iraq.
   
Twelve brothers
While some of those who heeded the call by Iraqi Kurdish leader Massud Barzani to come back and fight for their homeland had prior experience with the peshmerga, others had no experience of war.
That was the case for the Nawzad Anwerbeg brothers, all 12 of them. Some had lived in Iraqi Kurdistan for a few years but most made the trip from the Netherlands.
Aza, who just turned 24, arrived on August 6, four days after the jihadists launched a devastating offensive that brought them within striking distance of the Kurdish capital Arbil.
The Kurds, who are mainly Sunni Muslims, have mostly secular political movements, making them a target for the IS militants.
Aza had never used a firearm before so he was given a rifle and two days to practise before going to the front.
"At least something good is coming out of this war -- it has shown the world what Kurds are made of," he said proudly.
His main regret is to have arrived too late for the battle to retake Mosul dam, which saw some of the most intense fighting in the four-month-old conflict.
Aza's 32-year-old brother Harem arrived from Amsterdam on June 11 and was at Mosul dam. A piece of shrapnel left a deep scar in his left cheek.
"Our children travelled from Europe to take part in this war. They put on uniforms and were ready to become martyrs," said one of the clan elders, Sarhad Anwerbeg Betwata.
He could not say exactly how many but he said several "European peshmerga" had already been killed in action. "It's an honour for their families, over there in Europe."
   
No secrecy
The Betwata cousins converged from all over the continent: the Netherlands, Germany, Italy and other countries.
"Everywhere except France," one of them quipped, swiftly stressing that Kurdistan was grateful for the weapons delivered and airstrikes carried out by France.
French police this week reported a teenager of Kurdish origin had mysteriously gone missing after expressing interest in joining the war against the jihadists.
A man looks at a damaged branch of Halkbank, set on fire during clashes between Kurdish protesters and riot police overnight, in Diyarbakir.(Reuters)
Those who are already in Iraq are all happy to divulge their identity and show their faces, obviously not afraid that their military activity could have legal implications back in Europe.
Colonel Karwan is in constant contact with the German authorities and facilitates communication between the peshmerga and Berlin, which has given the Kurds weapons and training.
One of the Nawzad Anwerbeg brothers even called the Dutch foreign ministry himself two days after travelling to report his presence in Iraq and in peshmerga ranks.
Buoyed by the exhilaration of fighting among their brothers and cousins in defence of their homeland, many of the diaspora peshmerga have stopped thinking about a possible return.
"I'm going to stay here," said Aza, who was training to become an educator in the Netherlands. "And be a peshmerga forever."

Cyclone Hudhud may hit north Andhra  Odisha by Oct 12: Met deptHudhud intensifies; Odisha, Andhra brace for impact
Priya Ranjan Sahu , Hindustan Times  Bhubaneswar/New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 10:48 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 17:23 IST(9/10/2014)
A strong cyclone heading towards India’s southeastern coast gathered strength on Wednesday, uprooting trees, triggering landslides and snapping power and phone links as it crossed the Andaman and Nicobar islands, officials said.
 
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) predicts Cyclone Hudhud -- named after a colourful bird – is likely to pack speeds of up to 140 km per hour when it makes landfall between Vishakhapatnam and Gopalpur on Sunday.
Odisha Disaster Rapid action force (ODRAF) personnel checking up their equipment in preparation ahead of cyclone HudHud in Bhubaneswar.(PTI photo)
An image from INSAT-3D of Indian Meteorological Department shows the actual position of cyclone Hudhud on October 9, 2014th at 08:30am.
"It is now crossing the Andaman and Nicobar Islands," the IMD said in a bulletin. "Thereafter, the system would continue to move west-northwestwards, intensify further into a severe cyclonic storm during the next 24 hours and subsequently into a very severe cyclonic storm during subsequent 36 hours."
Read: After Phailin, Cyclone Hudhud to hit Ganjam district
In the Andaman and Nicobar islands, authorities shut schools, cancelled ferry services and warned off fishermen. The islands' key Andaman Trunk Road was shut after dozens of trees were uprooted. Government officials said heavy rain set off landslides and snapped some power and communication lines.
Officials said they were working to clear the fallen trees, reconnect disrupted utilities and had deployed national disaster response forces. "I feel the entire situation will be fully under control," Tanvy Garg, the district commissioner of South Andaman, told reporters.
Authorities in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh are on alert with the cyclone bearing down on the coast exactly a year after cyclone Phailin battered Odisha. The state’s effective preparations, such as the evacuation of close to one million people to cyclone shelters, saved countless lives last year.
Aid workers say the state’s disaster preparedness was thanks in large part to the lessons learnt after a powerful cyclone in 1999 that killed 10,000 people.
Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik with officials from different departments during the cyclone preparedness review meeting at Secretariate in Bhubaneswar on Oct 8, 2014. (PTI Photo)
Met department officials said Cyclone Hudhud would be less intense than Cyclone Phailin, but disaster management preparations were in full swing in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh.
 
“The wind speed of Phailin was 210-220 km an hour. On the contrary, Hudhud is expected to have wind speeds of 130-140 km an hour. So this would be less intense, but we still monitoring and keeping a close watch,” said Dr M Mohapatra, head of the cyclone warning system at the IMD.
Read:  Odisha sets 'zero casualty' target as Hudhud approaches coast
 
Met department officials said fishermen had been warned not to go to sea as Odisha might experience heavy rainfall on October 12 and October 13 due to the effect of Cyclone Hudhud.
 
“All preparations have been made to meet the situation. All concerned departments have been asked to make their contingency plans,” said chief minister Naveen Patnaik.
 
Panicked coastal villagers on Wednesday scrambled to buy items of food and fuel, from rice and potatoes to petrol. Potatoes disappeared from markets and prices of onions, vegetables and other essential items rose by about 50%.
(With agency inputs)

China to unveil further major investment pr...China will launch further "major" investment projects in information networks and environmental protection this year, Premier Li Keqiang said on Wednesday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: China will launch further "major" investment projects in information networks , water conservancy and environmental protection this year, Premier Li Keqiang said on Wednesday.
Fiscal and monetary policies would be kept flexible and appropriate "targeted" adjustments made when needed to support the real economy, Li said at a meeting with cabinet officials.
His remarks were published on the government's website and no further details were given.
China's economy, the world's second largest, has had a rough time this year as unsteady exports, weaker domestic investment growth and a softening property market all weighed on activity.
To ensure the economy grows by around 7.5 percent this year, as the government hopes, authorities have taken several measures, such as reducing the amount of deposits that some banks have to hold as reserves, to boost lending.
Last week, policymakers took their boldest action yet to lift the economy by lowering mortgage rates and downpayment levels for some home buyers for the first time since the global financial crisis of 2008.
China was also abolishing bureaucratic approvals for investment in 15 areas, including roads, fertilizers and water supply, Li told a separate weekly cabinet meeting he also chaired.
The move meant China's central government has cut 40 percent of its red tape approval measures compared to 2013, Li said.

Oops! No emergency at Metros Farragut North stopBy Dana Hedgpeth October 8 Follow @postmetrogirl
Metro trains (Robert Thomson/The Washington Post)
Riders on Metro’s busy Red Line were told to evacuate the Farragut North station Wednesday morning, but officials said it was a false alarm.
Morgan Dye, a Metro spokeswoman, said an announcement did go off telling people to evacuate the station about 7 a.m. But she said it was “not an emergency.” It was unclear what triggered the alarm.
“It could have been a fire alarm,” she said. “I’m not exactly sure what happened.”
She said it had no impact to service of trains along the line.
For more transportation-related news, click here .
 
I'm a Washington Post reporter, working an early morning shift that deals with crime, lottery winners, traffic, you name it.

Wonkbook: Is the world economy entering the new mediocreComments
By Puneet Kollipara October 8
Welcome to Wonkbook, Wonkblog’s morning policy news primer by Puneet Kollipara ( @pkollipara ). To subscribe by e-mail, click  here . Send comments, criticism or ideas to Wonkbook at Washpost dot com. To read more by the Wonkblog team, click  here . Follow us on Twitter and Facebook .
(AP Photo/Matthias Schrader)
Wonkbook’s Number of the Day: 78.8. That's the life expectancy for a baby born in the U.S. in 2012 , according to new figures, up 0.1 from the previous year.
Wonkbook’s Chart of the Day:  This chart shows how the drop in oil prices is magnifying the economic pain Russia is feeling from sanctions.
Wonkbook's Top 5 Stories: (1) Financial risks and the global economy; (2) look to the lower courts on gay marriage; (3) new Ebola response measures take flight; (4) oil boom, price drop — the consequences; and (5) Walmart's Obamacare announcement.
1. Top story: Is the world economy entering the 'new mediocre'? 
The outlook isn't that great, except in the US... "The I.M.F. brought its estimate for global growth this year down to 3.3 percent from 3.7 percent and reduced its forecast for 2015 to 3.8 percent. The fund pointed to weaker growth in China, Europe, Japan and Latin America — Brazil in particular — as the main culprits....Its estimate for United States growth in 2015, 3.1 percent, outpaces all major industrialized countries....The assessment reflected a broad acceptance by global investors that, at least for the near future, the United States economy was set to advance ahead of many large economies, not just in terms of growth but also in corporate profitability and international competitiveness. As a result, large investors and central banks have become aggressive purchasers of the dollar." Landon Thomas Jr. and Liz Alderman in The New York Times .
Related: Recently IMF chief Christine Lagarde suggested that the global economy was entering a new era called "the new mediocre." Sandrine Rastello and Andrew Mayeda in Bloomberg .
...and the news could get worse. "Its current projections assume sensibly accommodative fiscal and monetary policy, as well as a decline in geopolitical tensions. That is disconcerting. The growth slowdown since 2010 is already one of the most dramatic of the last 40 years, comparable to the swoons that accompanied the Latin American crises of the late 1980s and the Asian crisis of the late 1990s (though not as large as the drop in 2008-9). Officials in Washington, gathered for the autumn meetings of the World Bank and IMF , will be hoping the outlook shocks governments into decisive action to support global growth. Unfortunately, policy makers seem to be growing inured to bad economic news." The Economist .
IMF also worries about threat of financial-market overheating to global economy. "The International Monetary Fund...warned about the risks of rising geopolitical tensions and a financial-market correction as stocks reach 'frothy' levels....According to the report, a sustained period of policy interest rates near zero in advanced economies has raised the risk that some financial markets may be overheating....The fund said it is concerned some investors may be 'underpricing risk' and 'not fully internalizing the uncertainties surrounding the macroeconomic outlook and their implications for the pace of withdrawal of monetary stimulus in some major advanced economies.' The IMF’s ability to spot coming crises such as potential asset bubbles is the subject of debate." Andrew Mayeda in Bloomberg .
Why does the IMF keep overestimating growth? "Average forecast errors for emerging economies — which accounted for 80% of global growth since 2011 — were twice as large as for advanced economies, the report finds. In particular, Brazil, China, India and Russia accounted for around half of the IMF’s overall forecast error in the past three years....Most of the remaining gap between the IMF’s forecasts and actual economic growth was accounted for by catastrophes of various sorts....The IMF says its forecasting errors for all of the BRICs are the result of shifting longer-term expectations for these four economies." Raymond Zhong in  The Wall Street Journal .
Banks in awkward position: Needed reforms could hamper growth. "To boost profits, banks need to raise prices in certain business lines, pull out of others altogether, and put their money where it yielded more, the Fund said. 'The transition to new business models could ... potentially (create) a headwind against the recovery,' the IMF said....After the devastating 2007-09 financial crisis, regulators across the world have forced banks to raise more shareholder equity as a buffer against losses, and to pull out of the riskiest investments and loans. But the industry had been slow in finding new ways to make money....An overhaul would not be easy, however, the IMF said, and it pleaded for ailing banks to be shut down." Douwe Miedema in  Reuters .
Banks: Look at us, we're doing something. "The world’s biggest banks have agreed to tear up the rule book on derivatives to make it easier to resolve a future failing institution like Lehman Brothers....Several months of complex talks involved regulators and asset managers but were led by dealers under the umbrella of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association. US regulators, who have previously condemned the industry’s crisis planning as inadequate, had demanded banks come up with a plan to stop their counterparties terminating derivatives contracts in the event of a crisis. The banks portrayed the success of the talks as a rare positive example of industry collaboration." Tom Braithwaite and Tracy Alloway in  The Financial Times .
US looking to bring charges against firms over forex rigging, against individuals soon after. "The Justice Department may seek guilty pleas from several firms, including at least one in the U.S., said one of the people....While federal prosecutors have wrested convictions from foreign banks this year for wrongdoing, they’ve yet to win a guilty plea from a U.S. lender in that push, and they’re preparing for strong resistance if they attempt to do so. Justice Department officials have vowed to hold more institutions and individuals accountable for criminal conduct amid public frustration over the lack of prosecutions against top Wall Street executives for the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression." Tom Schoenberg, Greg Farrell and David McLaughlin in  Bloomberg .
How 'harsh' was the AIG bailout? Question surfaces at trial. "It’s the key to a lawsuit brought by AIG shareholders who are seeking $40 billion in damages and the focus of questioning at a trial that began last week in Washington. Paulson and other officials in testimony have had no problem conceding the terms of AIG’s bailout were tougher than those received by other failing financial firms — even if it’s the story the shareholders’ lawyers are trying to tell. They argue it was better than bankruptcy, was needed to save the financial system and was the result of the chaotic atmosphere in which they had to operate....They also pushed back against the idea there were better alternatives." Zachary Warmbrodt and MJ Lee in  Politico .
Geithner had a rough day of testimony. At least he got in a plug for his book. "So often did parts of his book, 'Stress Test,' come up during Mr. Geithner’s testimony...that at one point Justice Department lawyers suggested the entire book should be submitted as evidence. And it was. Mr. Greenberg’s side believes that much of what Mr. Geithner has said in his book....helps the shareholders’ case, according to people briefed on the legal strategy. Mr. Greenberg’s lawyers also obtained transcripts of the unpublished interviews....While Mr. Geithner mostly concurred with his previous statements, he also struggled at times to explain his own words — seemingly boxed in by judgments he uttered as part of his book." Aaron Kessler in  The New York Times .
Quotable: "Do you have a copy for court, or should I visit Barnes & Noble?" — Judge Thomas C. Wheeler of the United States Court of Claims. Aaron Kessler in The New York Times .
The Fed's 'doomsday book' has its day in court, too — sort of. "Three separate versions of a secretive Federal Reserve Bank of New York manual known as the 'Doomsday Book' were entered into court evidence under seal Tuesday as part of a class-action lawsuit by shareholders of American International Group Inc. The 'Doomsday Book' is essentially a private compilation of emergency measures that the Federal Reserve could take in the event of a financial crisis or other market-destabilizing event. The book has never been made public. It’s existence of the book isn’t secret: Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner references it in...'Stress Test,' calling it a catalog of 'our actual firefighting equipment.'" Damian Paletta in The Wall Street Journal .
Other economic/financial reads:
Fed's labor-market dashboard dampens some enthusiasm from strong jobs report. Peter Coy in  Bloomberg Businessweek .
US consumer credit posts smallest gain since November. Jason Lange in  Reuters .
SUMMERS: Invest in infrastructure that pays for itself. "In its flagship publication, the IMF advocates substantially increased public infrastructure investment, and not just in the United States but in much of the world....Stated boldly: Public infrastructure investments can pay for themselves....What is crucial everywhere is the recognition that in a time of economic shortfall and inadequate public investment, there is a free lunch to be had — a way that government can strengthen the economy and its own financial position. The IMF, a bastion of 'tough love' austerity, has come to this important realization. Countries with the wisdom to follow its lead will benefit." Lawrence Summers in The Washington Post .
EL-ERIAN: A to-do list for IMF, World Bank. "There may be a way, however, to make the 2014 meeting less challenging and more productive: by employing a technique that econometricians have found useful called 'the reduced form equation.' The objective is to identify a handful of factors that, while not explaining the entire problem, speak to a critical mass to make the outcome relevant and actionable. Such an approach would address five themes that substantially aggravate the 'host of local ailments.'" Mohamed A. El-Erian in  Bloomberg View .
Top opinion
O'BRIEN: Austerity has been an even bigger disaster than we thought. "That's not quite a free lunch, but, economically-speaking, it's a free mid-morning snack. This leaves us in an upside-down world where smaller deficits might actually make our debt problems worse. When interest rates are zero, spending cuts can cripple the economy so much that GDP falls more than the government saves. And that means the debt-to-GDP ratio might increase even though government spending is decreasing — like it has in Greece. That's why the IMF thinks infrastructure spending would almost pay for itself right now, and why Larry Summers and Brad DeLong have been saying the same for years now. We can't afford austerity right now." Matt O'Brien in The Washington Post .
LACKER AND WEINBERG: The Fed's mortgage favoritism. "We were skeptical of the need for the purchase of mortgage assets, even in 2009, believing that the Fed could achieve its goals through the purchase of Treasury securities alone. Now, as the Fed looks to raise the federal-funds rate and other short-term interest rates to more normal levels, that normalization should include a plan to sell these assets at a predictable pace, so that we can minimize our distortion of credit markets. The Federal Open Market Committee’s recent statement of normalization principles did not include such a plan. For this reason, the first author, an FOMC participant, was unwilling to support the principles." Jeffrey M. Lacker and John A. Weinberg in The Wall Street Journal .
GALSTON: Stoking the middle-class comeback. "The Great Recession accelerated the decline: The majority of the jobs that unemployed workers have found thus far pay significantly less than the ones they lost during the crash. Government can mitigate these trends but cannot halt them....In the longer run, wealthy democracies will have to invest more in basic research that boosts innovation and education that raises skills while tearing down barriers to business formation and entrepreneurially minded immigrants. But that is the work of a generation. We need a plan to get from here to there." William A. Galston in The Wall Street Journal .
STRAIN: On balance, a little inflation is better than a lot of unemployment. "A little inflation above the Fed’s preferred rate isn’t the end of the world — it’s a manageable problem, and may even be desirable. Letting millions of workers sit on the sidelines of the labor market is a bigger problem. The fundamental logic of monetary policy is the same as it’s been for years now: Prices aren’t rising as rapidly as the Fed would like them to, and the labor market isn’t using workers to their fullest extent. The Fed is still missing on both sides of its ' dual mandate.' Prudence thus dictates a patient return to normal monetary policy. And the unemployment rate falling below 6 percent shouldn’t fundamentally change anything." Michael R. Strain in The Washington Post .
PORTER: Why aid for college is missing the mark. "In 1987, when he was Ronald Reagan’s education secretary, the conservative culture warrior William J. Bennett wrote a famous essay denouncing federal aid for higher education because it allowed colleges 'blithely to raise their tuitions,' at little benefit to students. Nearly two decades later, it seems, he was broadly right. Indeed, he didn’t know the half of it. It’s not just that many colleges and universities are bleeding taxpayers. The government’s overall strategy to subsidize higher education is failing at its core task: providing less privileged Americans with a real shot at a college degree. Alarmingly, it is burdening low-income students with risks they cannot bear and steering them into low-quality educations." Eduardo Porter in The New York Times .
HOYT: Ebola is bad. But the flu is worse. "Ebola is no joke: The Centers for Disease Control project 1.4 million cases of the disease worldwide by January in a worst-case scenario. But by comparison, the 1918 pandemic killed an estimated 50 to 100 million worldwide. The United States simply cannot afford to be complacent about flu preparedness. Getting ready for the flu is a complex endeavor, relying on surveillance, detection, communication and detailed response plans. The United States has been fine-tuning its response plans since it first released a national flu pandemic strategy in 2005. The linchpin of the strategy is timely access to an effective flu vaccine. And that’s where the trouble lies." Kendall Hoyt in  Politico Magazine .
Animal antics interlude:  A kangaroo street fight breaks out in suburbia .
2. In gay-marriage fight, attention turns to the lower courts
Lower courts take the spotlight in same-sex marriage fight. "The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco invalidated bans in Idaho and Nevada, and the ruling might well extend to three other states in the 9th Circuit that do not permit same-sex couples to marry: Alaska, Arizona and Montana....There are four other federal appeals courts in the Midwest and South that have a more conservative makeup and have yet to rule on same-sex marriage. The justices may find it harder to stay out of the gay marriage issue if a federal appeals court upholds same-sex marriage bans and parts company with the other appellate courts that have ruled so far." Mark Sherman in the Associated Press .
Quotable: "We seriously doubt that allowing committed same-sex couples to settle down in legally recognized marriages will drive opposite-sex couples to sex, drugs, and rock-and-roll." — Judge Stephen Reinhardt. Sahil Kapur in Talking Points Memo .
Neighboring states weigh whether SCOTUS ruling opens their doors to same-sex marriage. "Following the Supreme Court’s decision Monday that allowed some states to begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples, six neighboring states are considering whether that opens the doors for same-sex marriage in their states. Colorado, Kansas, North Carolina, South Carolina, West Virginia and Wyoming are all under the jurisdiction of courts that upheld rulings striking down marriage bans in nearby states that then appealed the rulings that the Supreme Court declined to hear this week. In Colorado, Gov. John Hickenlooper (D) said that decision meant marriages would soon proceed there. Other governors disagreed." Hunter Schwarz in  The Washington Post .
Explainers:
An overview of how various states are handling the evolving gay-marriage landscape. Bill Chappell in NPR .
An overview of where the 50 states now stand. Associated Press .
Chart: A majority of Americans live in states that allow same-sex marriage. Philip Bump in  The Washington Post .
All eyes turn now to Cincinnati. "Again, we don’t know precisely why the court on Monday decided to punt on the same-sex marriage issue. But commentators suspect, based partly on comments made by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg in September, that a lack of a 'circuit split'...is largely to blame for the reluctance. The Sixth Circuit could provide that circuit split at any moment. In August, a three-judge panel of the Sixth Circuit heard arguments on challenges to same-sex marriage bans in Michigan and Kentucky, in addition to arguments in more narrowly focused cases out of Tennessee and Ohio. The panel, made up of two George W. Bush appointees and one Bill Clinton appointee, asked probing questions of each side." Ashby Jones in  The Wall Street Journal .
Chart: How does the rest of the world view homosexuality? Zack Beauchamp in Vox .
Gay marriage poses a dilemma for many Republican 2016 candidates. "The GOP presidential candidates face a particularly delicate dance in early primary states such as Iowa and South Carolina: They must appease the conservative foot soldiers who control those early contests while not alienating middle-of-the-road and younger voters key to their general election hopes...There was no evidence that conservative groups were backing away from the fight, even if few candidates in November's closely contested races and beyond were looking to jump into the middle of it. Leaders...insisted that the decision would serve as a rallying cry for conservatives in November." Maeve Reston in the Los Angeles Times .
In other courtroom news, FBI's secret surveillance program about to go on trial. "A federal appeals court this week will review whether the government can secretly conduct electronic surveillance on Americans without first obtaining a warrant. The case...could have sweeping digital-privacy implications, and it represents one of the most direct challenges to the legal authority for government spying in the post-Snowden era. Many observers expect the case to ultimately reach the Supreme Court. At issue is whether the FBI can use so-called national security letters, or NSLs, to compel companies to hand over communications data or financial records of certain users for the purposes of a national security investigation." Dustin Volz in National Journal .
Voting-rules decisions sow confusion in state races. "Just weeks before elections that will decide control of the Senate and crucial governors’ races, a cascade of court rulings about voting rules, issued by judges with an increasingly partisan edge, are sowing confusion and changing voting procedures with the potential to affect outcomes in some states. Last week, a day before voting was scheduled to begin in Ohio, the United States Supreme Court split, 5 to 4, to uphold a cut in early voting in the state by one week....Cases from North Carolina and Wisconsin are also before the court, with decisions expected shortly, while others are proceeding in Texas and Arkansas." Trip Gabriel in The New York Times .
This I learned today interlude:  How astronauts vote from space .
3. Additional US Ebola-response measures take flight
What airport screening methods might the CDC use? "Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said new steps, which could include checking temperatures and asking about travel to outbreak countries of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, would be announced 'in the coming days.'...For lack of direct flights from West Africa, Frieden said health officials would work with Customs and Border Protection to identify travelers on connecting flights.... Flight attendants are calling for more extensive screening by arguing that health officials are relying too heavily on voluntary disclosure through questionnaires in West Africa." Bart Jansen in  USA Today .
These methods are far from a panacea. "These plans could theoretically prevent some people who are infected with the Ebola virus from entering the country. They also cannot possibly stop every person with Ebola who may arrive in the country. This is because of the simple realities of the disease ravaging West Africa, whose symptoms take time to manifest, as well as the nature of air travel in the 21st century. Public health officials are realistic about this point, openly stating that the danger of additional Ebola cases in the United States will remain real as long as the outbreak is raging in West Africa, where the disease has killed more than 3,400 people and infected double that number." Mark Berman in  The Washington Post .
How customs agents would handle screening. "Obama’s promise of stepped-up screening for Ebola at U.S. airports that handle international flights will fall on the shoulders of the Customs and Border Protection officers who greet passengers arriving from abroad. Though they often seem preoccupied with scrutinizing passports and luggage, customs officers are trained to detect signs of illness, and they routinely do just that, officials said....In addition to visual observations, CBP officers question passengers about their health and are instructed to alert the CDC if a passenger appears to be seriously ill. If a person is thought to have 'a possible communicable disease,' they are isolated while the CDC and local authorities conduct the evaluation." Mark Berman in  The Washington Post .
Health workers in US worry about protective gear. "Calls have been pouring into the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention from doctors and nurses wanting help in protecting themselves and their employees from the disease. Associations of infection specialists, hospital care managers and other health providers are also calling....Many want training on protection strategies, so the agency has scheduled two nationwide conference calls....But despite some calls for provision in the United States of the 'moon suits' Ebola workers in Africa wear, the C.D.C. has not changed its recommendations on what gear health care workers should use." Pam Belluck in  The New York Times .
Quarantine powers: Coming soon to a state near you (or already there). "Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy (D) signed an order Tuesday allowing the state health commissioner to order quarantines for individuals who may have been exposed to the Ebola virus, a step he said would help fight any possible outbreak. The order [pdf] gives Jewel Mullen, commissioner of the state Department of Public Health, authority to order isolation or quarantine for anyone believed to be exposed to or infected with the deadly virus....Most other states have some law on the books offering varying degrees of quarantine power." Reid Wilson in  The Washington Post .
Explainer: A brief history of quarantines in the U.S. Josh Hicks in The Washington Post .
Hospitals secretly send in actors to fake symptoms, test staff. "Public hospitals in New York City are concerned enough about Ebola that they've secretly been sending actors with mock symptoms into emergency rooms to test how well the triage staffs identify and isolate possible cases. A small hospital in the Ohio countryside has hung up signs imploring patients to let nurses know immediately if they have traveled recently to West Africa. And across the U.S., one of the nation's largest ambulance companies has put together step-by-step instructions on how to wrap the interior of a rig with plastic sheeting while transporting a patient." David B. Caruso in the  Associated Press .
Abroad, troops to test samples for Ebola. "A few dozen U.S. troops will have exposure to laboratory samples from potential Ebola patients by running testing facilities in Liberia, the head of U.S. Africa Command said. While most of the 4,000 troops authorized to deploy to the west African country won’t have direct exposure to the virus — as Pentagon officials have previously emphasized — three or four specially trained personnel will run each of as many as seven testing labs, Army General David Rodriguez said today....In a statement after the news conference, Rodriguez said he had erroneously indicated that the military personnel would have direct contact with potential Ebola patients." David Lerman in Bloomberg .
Ebola vaccine trials may give placebo to those at risk. "As global health officials rush to begin human trials of two promising Ebola vaccines in West African medical workers, a daunting question remains unanswered: Who gets the placebo injection? If all workers get the vaccines, doctors may never know how well they work. That’s because the results might also be affected by other factors best measured with the use of a placebo shot in some participants. Yet giving some medical workers a placebo means they will face close exposure to one of the world’s deadliest diseases with no more protection than before the trial began. The dilemma, unique in vaccine development, is generating furious debate between infectious disease experts." Simeon Bennett in Bloomberg .
The US enterovirus outbreak may be on the wane, though first virus-caused death reported. "In every measure counted by Flu Near You, an online tracking site run by Boston Children's Hospital and Skoll Global Threats Fund, children's symptoms have declined compared with a peak three weeks ago. Fevers are down, coughs and breathlessness have been cut by more than half, and the number of children going to the doctor with multiple symptoms has fallen from 4.5% to 2%, according to data from associate professor John Brownstein, who is on the team that runs the website." Karen Weintraub in USA Today .
Animal paradise interlude:  Puppies make everything better, as this man discovered .
4. As the shale boom expands, oil prices have been falling
Falling oil prices could threaten future drilling. "The U.S. shale boom is producing record amounts of new oil as demand weakens, pushing prices down toward levels that threaten to reduce future drilling. Domestic fields will add an unprecedented 1.1 million barrels a day of output this year and another 963,000 in 2015, raising production to the most since 1970, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. The Energy Department’s statistical arm forecasts consumption will shrink 0.2 percent to 18.9 million barrels a day this year, the lowest since 2012....'If prices go to $80 or lower, which I think is possible, then we are going to see a reduction in drilling activity,' Ralph Eads, vice chairman and global head of energy investment banking at Jefferies LLC...said....'It will be uncharted territory.'" Isaac Arnsdorf in Bloomberg .
Why else falling oil prices matter. "Why is this happening? Partly because the United States keeps producing more and more oil, but also partly because some conflict-ridden countries are starting to pick up production....All that new crude is flooding the market, causing global prices to dip. If oil prices keep falling, that could have lots of far-reaching effects. OPEC is already fighting bitterly over how to respond. Russia, a major oil producer, could see its economy kneecapped if prices decline....And lower gas prices could bolster the US economy (though it would also curtail the recent drive for energy-efficient vehicles)." Brad Plumer in Vox .
Oil's comeback gives U.S. leverage. "It has become fashionable to note a decline of American global power and influence, but don’t tell that to the energy experts. Many see increased domestic production of oil and gas as driving more muscular United States energy diplomacy, power that exists in curious tandem with the Obama administration’s efforts to wean the world off fossil fuels....Carlos Pascual, a former senior American diplomat, agrees. Increased energy production 'strengthens our hand.' he said. 'China, when it talks to us about global energy supplies, it sees us as a supplier,' he said." David Wallis in  The New York Times .
The flow of oil is reversing. "The 400,000 barrels the tanker carried represented the first unrestricted export of American oil to a country outside of North America in nearly four decades. The Obama administration insisted there was no change in energy trade policy, perhaps concerned about the reaction from environmentalists and liberal members of Congress with midterm elections coming. But many energy experts viewed the launch as the curtain raiser for the United States’ inevitable emergence as a major world oil exporter, an improbable return to a status that helped make the country a great power in the first half of the 20th century." Clifford Krauss in  The New York Times .
A future of natural-gas exports awaits us. "New methods of producing natural gas are expected to turn the United States from an importer into a large exporter in less than a decade, assuming that the gas can be exported in sufficient quantities cheaply enough to compete on world markets. That is likely to happen, industry authorities say, because the technology for liquefying gas — essential for taking it across oceans — also continues to improve, making the process more economically efficient and environmentally safer. With exports virtually nil now, the Energy Department forecasts shipments abroad of liquefied natural gas equivalent to two trillion cubic feet by 2020, roughly 7 percent of expected domestic production." Conrad de Aenlle in  The New York Times .
Other environmental/energy reads:
Long read: Keystone XL be darned, Canada finds oil route around Obama. Rebecca Penty, Hugo Miller, Andrew Mayeda and Edward Greenspon in Bloomberg .
Energy likely to be cheaper this winter. Clifford Krauss in The New York Times .
Study: Renewables as green as you'd expect. Bobby Magill in Climate Central .
Life's ponderables interlude:  Why clouds stay up .
5. Walmart's canceling health care for 30,000 workers. 
30,000 part-timers at Walmart to lose their coverage. "Walmart will no longer offer insurance to employees working less than an average of 30 hours a week....In scaling back coverage for part-time employees, Walmart joins retailers including Home Depot, Target and Trader Joe’s, which have dropped benefits in response to the Affordable Care Act, the health care overhaul enacted by the Obama administration. In 2011, Walmart eliminated health insurance for employees working fewer than 24 hours a week. The company said that the health law’s introduction had prompted larger-than-expected numbers of employees to enroll in its health plans, driving up expenses." Hiroko Tabuchi in  The New York Times .
Why this trend isn't as bad as it seems. "For low-wage workers, Obamacare has introduced a new and big drawback to the employer insurance. Namely, anybody who gets access to affordable coverage at work is barred from getting subsidies through the new exchanges....That financial help can be a big deal for those with lower incomes....For a worker like that, losing health insurance at work doesn't actually look like a bad deal. Instead, its a pretty good deal: it gives part-time employees the chance to qualify for way more generous financial help than Walmart would ever offer. This is how Trader Joes' explained its decision to similarly cut benefits for part-time workers last year." Sarah Kliff in Vox .
HealthCare.gov's transparency problem: Do consumers know what they're getting? "The site still won’t have any tools to allow consumers to see which doctors and hospitals are covered by individual insurance plans. Mr. Counihan told Mr. Wayne that HealthCare.gov would not change to allow consumers to comparison shop on insurance plan networks. Plans that limit patients’ choices of doctors and hospitals have turned out to be the signature product of the Affordable Care Act marketplaces. That may be a welcome development for cost-conscious consumers, but only if they know what they’re buying. The proliferation of these plans is not a surprise." Margot Sanger-Katz in  The New York Times .
For many, claiming health-law waivers won't be easy come Tax Day. "Community groups are concerned about a convoluted process for waivers from the law's tax penalty on people who remain uninsured. Not everyone is complaining, however: Tax preparation companies are flagging it as a business opportunity. The law's requirement that Americans carry health insurance remains contentious. Waivers were designed to ease the impact. But while some exemptions seem simple, others will require math calculations. Some involve sending in the application — by mail — and supporting documents...even news articles. Consumers will have to dig up the documentation — it's not like filing the W-2s they get from employers." Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar in the Associated Press .
Other health care reads:
Health law drug plans are given a check-up. Katie Thomas in The New York Times .
Officials question the rising costs of generic drugs. Elisabeth Rosenthal in The New York Times .
Antibiotic use for U.S. hospital patients questioned. Michelle Fay Cortez in Bloomberg .

Sarker is director  National Insurance AcademySarker is director, National Insurance Academy
Our Bureau
Pune, Oct 8:  
Sushobhan Sarker has taken over as Director of the National Insurance Academy, Pune on September 29, 2014.
He retired as Managing Director of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) recently, and brings with him vast experience of the life insurance industry.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Fully ready to respond to Pakistan s provocation  India tells UNYou are here: Home > Collections
Fully ready to respond to Pakistan's provocation, India tells UN
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 06.17PM IST
Tags:
India
(A Jammu house ravaged by…)
UNITED NATIONS: India and Pakistan have sparred at the UN over ceasefire violations along the LoC with India making it clear that its armed forces are "fully ready" to respond to "provocation".
India also said that the onus of creating a positive environment for normalisation of relations is on Pakistan.
War of words between the two countries over the situation at the Line of Control took place yesterday at the UN General Assembly where India said that it was a "matter of deep regret" that Pakistan violated the ceasefire, in which eight people were killed and several others injured.
"It is a matter of deep regret that Pakistan has violated the ceasefire and their unprovoked firing has led to loss of civilian lives on Indian side...Firing on innocent civilians by Pakistan will only hamper normalisation of relations.
"The onus of creating a positive environment is on Pakistan which is utterly failing to do so," senior official at the Indian Mission to the UN, Devesh Uttam said yesterday in his right of reply to Pakistan's remarks.
The Indian official stressed that everyone must be "assured" that India's armed forces and paramilitary forces are "fully ready and they will respond to provocation".
The Indian diplomat was responding to comments made by Pakistan's Permanent Representative to the UN Masood Khan when he raised the issue of Jammu and Kashmir during the 21st plenary meeting of the General Assembly here yesterday.
Khan said that long-standing festering issues "cannot be swept under the carpet," reiterating Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's address to the UN General Assembly last month that the core issue of Jammu and Kashmir has to be be resolved through negotiations and in accordance with the wishes of its people.
Voicing concern over the recent escalation of the ceasefire violations along the LoC by Indian security forces, Khan called on the Indian Government to immediately cease fire to preserve tranquility at the border.
He added that the UN mission in India and Pakistan must also be enabled to play its role in monitoring the ceasefire.
The Indian representative, again exercising the right of reply, said that India rejected all untenable and unsolicited remarks made by Pakistan.
Later, a representative of Pakistan, speaking in exercise of the right of reply, said that the ceasefire along the LoC and the working boundary must be preserved in the interest of people in the region, and asked for restraint from the Indian government and from security forces.
He called for the United Nations Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP) to be enabled to play its role in monitoring the ceasefire and securing peace and tranquility along the LoC and the working boundary.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Panettas revelations are essentialBy Jennifer Rubin October 8 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Apologists for the president are outraged that former defense secretary Leon Panetta is presenting a detailed and critically important book on the Obama national security operation. They were outraged when Robert Gates did the same. They were not outraged when Scott McClellan (who was not a policy person and did not know very much) wrote a book — about President George W. Bush.
Leon Panetta speaks during his last news conference as defense secretary. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File)
In fact it is essential that the Panetta book come out now so that it can influence the thinking of the president and of Congress before more errors are made. It of course is also invaluable in assessing Hillary Clinton, who presumably will be running on her experience at State. Let’s get real: For journalists to blast a truth-telling insider who reveals serious matters of public interest strikes me, as, well, bizarre. (Would it be fine if Panetta gave his story to a journalist?)
At any rate, Panetta has confirmed some disputed points about the administration :
Withdrawal of all troops from Iraq was done over the objections of advisers and led to a loss of credibility. (“Those on our side of the debate viewed the White House as so eager to rid itself of Iraq that it was willing to withdraw rather than lock in arrangements that would preserve our influence and interests.”)
The president could have pushed harder to keep troops there but chose not to. (“What I’m saying is that Maliki was the kind of leader that you had to constantly put pressure on to direct him in the right direction. We had, with Iraq — made a commitment with regards to military assistance, F-16 fighter planes, other types of military aid, that I think if we had said, ‘Look, you know, if you’re not gonna give us — the agreement that we need to maintain our forces there, you know, we may not provide this kind of assistance.”)
Reversal of the red line was done over the objections of advisers and led to a loss of credibility. (“I just could not have imagined him — not making the same decision with it came to the credibility of the United States on drawing that red line in Syria.”)
We ignored the Free Syrian Army for too long. (“I think it basically sat there for a while and then got to the point where everybody just kind of assumed that it was not gonna happen.”)
We could have made a difference by intervening earlier; instead we left a vacuum. (“I think the kind of push and direct involvement that I think could have had an impact simply never developed. . . . I do think that if we had had a presence there, it might not have created the kind of vacuum that we saw develop in Iraq.”)
The current plan for defeating the Islamic State is nonsensical. (“I take the position that when you’re commander in chief that you oughta keep all options on the table … to be able to have the flexibility to do what is necessary in order to defeat the enemy. We’re conducting airstrikes. But to make those airstrikes work, to be able to do what you had to do, you don’t — you don’t just send planes in and drop bombs. You’ve gotta have targets. You’ve gotta know what you’re goin’ after. To do that, you do need people on the ground.”)
The up-close view of the president — victim of his own conflict avoidance with those with whom he disagreed and unwilling to do the hard work of governance — perhaps will encourage him to be bolder and more engaged. The Post’s Dan Balz puts it well: “There are many ways to convey a message to a president. It can be done in the quiet of an Oval Office conversation. But sometimes a public bracing can be more effective. Panetta’s main message is that Obama will need to change. Reticence and reluctance to engage are no longer options, in his estimation. Frustration with congressional Republicans or the political process or the 24/7 media culture isn’t, either.”
The canard that excessive intervention helped launch the Islamic State should put to bed an altogether false narrative propagated by people like Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.). His views on the air-only tactic may prompt a revisiting of the issue and more serious wartime policy. It also serves to remind Congress that it should stop confirming flunkies and cronies to top posts; these people reinforce the president’s worst habits.
And finally, Panetta is a revealing look at how little control Hillary Clinton really had. It may be inconvenient to admit her, but Obama was running the show — and running it poorly. At some point she might want to admit what is increasingly evident: She was a political prop for the president who would have done the country a great favor had she quit in protest. Her political courage and moral fiber should be judged accordingly.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Luxury vehicle buyers more likely to use internet: J D PowerHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Luxury vehicle buyers more likely to use internet: J D Power
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Oct 8:  
Nearly half (46 per cent) of luxury vehicle buyers use the Internet during their vehicle-shopping process, compared with 29 per cent of mass market vehicle buyers, according to the J D Power 2014 India Sales Satisfaction Index (SSI) Study for the luxury segment.
The study, now in its 15th year, measures overall satisfaction among buyers of new luxury vehicles with their sales experience based on seven factors (in order of importance): delivery process, delivery timing, salesperson, sales initiation, dealer facility, paperwork and deal.
According to the study, luxury vehicle buyers go online to search for information related to vehicle specifications, spare parts, warranty information and financial terms of the loan or lease options.
Further 30 per cent of luxury vehicle buyers post information about their purchase experience on blogs or forums and social media websites, compared to 13 per cent of mass market vehicle owners.
“With nearly half of luxury vehicle owners in India using the Internet while shopping and nearly one-third posting their purchase experience feedback on social media or the Internet, it is prudent for automakers to have a system in place to monitor the reviews and feedback being posted by their customers,” Mohit Arora, executive director, J.D. Power Asia Pacific said in a statement.
An organization that monitors and responds to feedback is likely to be perceived as proactive and customer centric, thereby enhancing its overall brand image, he added.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

L&T Tech Services to acquire Dell s engg ser...L&T Technology Services to acquire Dell's engineering services business
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 06.44PM IST
Tags:
Dell
(L&T Technology Services…)
MUMBAI: L&T Technology Services, the wholly-owned arm of engineering major Larsen & Toubro Group, today said it will be acquiring the assets of the US-based Dell Product & Process Innovation Services (formerly eServ), the engineering services division of Dell.
While the deal has been approved by the Competition Commission (CCI), the company is awaiting US regulatory approvals which are expected shortly, the city-based company said in a statement issued from Peoria, Illinois , US. The deal is likely to be closed this quarter itself.
The company did not disclose the value of the deal. The strategic acquisition will strengthen L&T Technology Services' global position in the USD 4 billion transportation engineering research & development market and will help widen its reach in with the new local delivery center in North America.
Dell Engineering Services has delivery centers in Hyderabad and Bangalore as well.
Headquartered in Peoria, Illinois, Dell Engineering Services is a 15-year-old company and is into mechanical design & analysis, embedded engineering, applied engineering, and manufacturing consulting across multiple industries and has long term relationships with marquee clients in North America, especially in the transportation industry.
L&T Technology Services is a wholly-owned subsidiary of L&T with focus in the engineering services space, partnering with many of the Fortune 500 companies globally.
It offers design and development solutions throughout the entire product development chain across various industries like industrial products, medical devices, transportation, telecom and hi-tech and process industry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

From pages to reel: Do Bollywood and literature make good partnersComments
The jury is still out there over the ultimate philosophy propagated by director Vishal Bhardwaj's Shakespeare-inspired film Haider. While the argument continues, here's a look at Bollywood's ever lasting love affair with literary classics. Bhardwaj himself brought to celluloid two other Shakespeare masterpieces: Maqbool and Omkara. While the former was based on Macbeth, the latter found its cue in Othello.
A still from Uski Roti.
The point is, are there enough filmmakers and screenwriters in Bollywood who can think globally but act locally? It's not that Bhardwaj is the only one to adapt Shakespeare in Hindi. His close associate and efficient filmmaker Gulzar used the basic premise of The Comedy Of Errors for his 1982 venture Angoor.
Also read: Why do you want to boycott Haider?
Though there are films such as Lootera (The Last Leaf by O Henry) and Saawariya (White Nights by Fyodor Dostoevsky), the Hindi film industry has mostly been adapting local influences. This means a lot of influence from writers like Tagore and Chattopadhyay, bestsellers across generations and masters of the art of celebrating life's sacrifices. Their stories suited the idea of depicting the common man's values on the silver screen. It also helps that India remains a country with a mass belief that one needs to give up on luxuries and pleasures in order to lead a pious life and afterlife.
Initially, it was Devdas (PC Barua, 1935) which paved the way for literature in Hindi films. This was the time when Upanishads and Puranas provided the moral backbone of the stories. The scenario was changed a lot by the time Guide (RK Narayan, 1965) and Saraswatichandra (Govardhanram Tripathi, 1968) hit the screens. Still, the industry was in search for filmmakers who could amalgamate cinematic sensibilities with the essence of literary geniuses.
Also read: Haider is a rare Bollywood gem you shouldn't miss
Mani Kaul was probably the first director who dared to digress from the original set-up in terms of being more symbolic. His films Uski Roti (Mohan Rakesh, 1969) and Duvidha (Vijaydan Detha, 1973) became critically acclaimed and started an era in which filmmakers were far less bothered about the box-office. Also, they, as a group, became so influential that the mainstream filmmakers were forced to leave the clichéd methodology of filmmaking. Muzaffar Ali's Umrao Jaan (Mirza Hadi Ruswa, 1981) was a fine example of this as it was cinematically beautiful as well as brilliantly textured.
Satyajit Ray's only Hindi film Shatranj Ke Khiladi (1977) was based on Munshi Premchand's homonymous story. Shyam Benegal adapted Ruskin Bond the very next year (Junoon, A Flight of Pigeons, 1998).
Also read: One Haider is not enough
In the '80s and '90s, several filmmakers from the Hindi belt made it big in the tinsel town. They also brought their small-town sensibilities to the film world. So, the likes of Premchand, Jayashankar Prasad and Dharamvir Bharti kept finding references in Hindi films, but the market had started getting tilted in favour of the films which were 'commercial' at the outset.
Erich Segal's Man, Woman and Child was adapted into a film by debutatnt director Shekhar Kapur in 1983 (Masoom). However, it was Shakespeare who was ruling the hearts of budding storytellers. Mansoor Khan's Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak (1988) was based on Romeo and Juliet. Years later, Manish Tiwary again used the same premise for his film Issaq (2013). Rajinder Singh Bedi's Urdu bestseller Ek Chadar Maili Si was adapted by Sukhwant Dhadda in 1986.  
The decentralisation of power in the USSR dramatically affected the themes of Bollywood films. We used to be a group of filmmakers that drew inspiration from Andrei Tarkovsky and several other Soviet storytellers. The reason behind it was simple. The conventional Indian society hadn't seen abundance in any form and thus was stuck to the values that have been followed since time immemorial. Nobody knew what shape the economy is going to take and therefore the hero continued to remain the lower middle class guy, something many Indian writers delved upon.
The decade of 1990 failed to give any impetus to the so-far strong relationship between literature and Hindi films. Suraj Ka Satwan Ghoda (Shyam Benegal, 1993) was among those rare films which were based on literature during '90s.
The bond again grew stronger after 2000. First it was Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Devdas (Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay, 2002) and then it was Pradeep Sarkar's Parineeta (Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay, 2005). Chandra Prakash Dwivedi's Pinjar (Amrita Pritam, 2003) also came in between.
Slowly and steadily, we reached a point where Devdas transformed into Dev D and Macbeth found a new face in Maqbool. Interestingly, it is working on both the levels. These films are popular as books as well rocking at the ticket window. One may wonder whether this was the equilibrium they craved for so long!
Bollywood is still looking out for ways to collaborate the literary classics with films. Amit Dutta's pathbreaking film Aadmi Ki Aurat Aur Anya Kahaniyan (Vinod Kumar Shukla, 2009) and Vishal Bhardwaj's 2011 film Saat Khoon Maaf (Ruskin Bond) carried the tradition forward. Haider is the latest entry into the list which is likely to continue in coming years. (You can follow the author at Twitter/@nawabjha )

Maharashtra elections: What did Congress do for people during its rule  asks BJP3
0
Mumbai: Hitting out at Congress president Sonia Gandhi for criticising the Narendra Modi government, BJP on Wednesday said that had her party worked for the development of the country during its rule, its strength in the Lok Sabha would not have come down to mere 44 seats.
"Sonia Gandhi had yesterday said in Haryana that BJP only talks and does not work. But I want to ask her, what work has her party done for the country and Maharashtra in ten years while they were in power that people should vote for it now," Union Union Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said.
"Had the Congress worked towards the development of India during its rule, the party's strength would not have been reduced to a mere 44 seats in the recent Lok Sabha polls," Prasad, who is also the minister of Communications and IT, said. An average of 3,700 farmers commit suicide in Maharashtra every year, he said and asked, "What happened to the Rs 11,000 crore package that the Manmohan Singh government announced for Maharashtra? Did that money reach the people."
"What happened to the Rs 11,000 crore package that the Manmohan Singh government announced for Maharashtra? Did that money reach the people." Ravi Shankar Prasad said.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #congress #bjp #ravi shankar prasad
Reacting to Sharad Pawar's recent attack that BJP had termed Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj a 'looter' and were now invoking the warrior king to seek votes, Prasad said, "A peculiar competition to uphold the legacy of Maratha warrior Shivaji is going on in the state, which is nothing but a farce, meant to divert the minds of the voters."
"What has Sharad Pawar done to uphold the legacy of Shivaji Maharaj in the last 10 years when he was a Union minister? How many lines did he write on Shivaji in the NCERT (National Council Of Educational Research and Training) books in the 10 years? His commitment of upholding the legacy of Shivaji is phoney," Prasad said.
"It was during the tenure of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee that the Mumbai airport was named after Chhatrapati Shivaji. The Vajpayee government had also issued a coin in honour of King Shivaji," he added. Listing out the goodies offered to Maharashtra during the budget, Prasad said, "We were the ones to offer AIIMS to the Vidarbha region. We have also proposed to set up an IIM in Maharashtra and also announced the Mumbai-Bengaluru economic corridor. We have also announced a metro rail in Nagpur. This is our commitment towards Maharashtra."
1

Twitter Sues Over Government SurveillanceMorning Money Memo:
Twitter is suing the FBI and the Department of Justice to be able to release more information about government surveillance of its users. The social media company filed a lawsuit in a California federal court Tuesday to publish its full “transparency report,” which documents government requests for user information. Twitter published a surveillance report in July but couldn’t include the exact number of national security requests it received because Internet companies are prohibited from disclosing such information, even if they didn’t get any requests. Twitter says it should be entitled under the First Amendment to “respond to our users’ concerns.” The federal government has been able to access phone networks and high-speed Internet traffic for years to catch suspected criminals and terrorists. The FBI also started pushing technology companies like Google, Skype and others to guarantee access to their data streams and grab emails, video chats, pictures and more. Technology companies say they turn over information only if required by court order, and in the interest of transparency with their customers, want to share information about the government’s activities.
Some warehouse workers who fill orders for Amazon.com customers say they spend up to 25 minutes after every shift waiting to pass through security checks to make sure they aren’t stealing from the online retailer. But they don’t get paid for the extra time. The U.S. Supreme Court hears arguments today in a lawsuit filed by former staffers at a Nevada warehouse who claim they should be compensated for time spent in security screenings under the Fair Labor Standards Act. A ruling in their favor could force employers to spend  billions of dollars in retroactive pay and increase costs for companies that have expanded security measures to curb employee theft. Amazon doesn’t comment on pending litigation, spokeswoman Kelly Cheeseman told Bloomberg News.
The stock market suffered its biggest one-day loss in two months as worries grow about a possible slowdown for the global economy. The Dow Jones Index fell 1.6 percent, or 273 points, in its fourth biggest drop this year. The International Monetary Fund trimmed its outlook for this year and next, mostly because of weaker expansions in Japan, Latin America and Europe. By comparison, the U.S. economy looks strong. The Federal Reserve is due to release notes on its latest meeting today. Investors will be looking for signs of when the Fed might raise interest rates.
More students than ever are borrowing thousands of dollars to pay for the cost of college. And the average debt load has more than doubled “from about $12,000 in the class of ’93 to almost $27,000 in the class of 2012,” says Richard Fry, senior economist at the Pew Research Center. The study also says many more upper- income students are going into debt to pay for the cost of college.
U.S. consumers are still cautious about spending money. The Federal Reserve says consumers increased their borrowing in August in the category that covers auto loans and student loans but cut back on their credit card borrowing. The report says overall borrowing rose $13.5 billion in August after a revised $21.6 billion increase in July. The gains have pushed total consumer debt to a record level of $3.25 trillion.
Richard Davies Business Correspondent ABC News Radio abcnews.com Twitter: daviesnow
 

Bryce Harper shines in second postseason appearanceBy James Wagner October 8 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Bryce Harper. (Photo by John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
The Nationals lost to the Giants in the NLDS, ending their season on Wednesday night in a crushing 3-2 defeat that could be blamed on a variety of reasons. The Nationals made costly errors, their hitting failed again and there were curious bullpen choices. Washington had a fighting chance in Game 4 — and in a Game 3 win facing elimination the day before — because of Bryce Harper. He was arguably the Nationals’ best position player all series, carried himself well and said all the right things.
The 21-year-old had the best at-bats of Game 4. He drove in both Nationals’ runs, the first on an RBI double in the fifth inning and the second on a monstrous game-tying home run into McCovey Cove in the seventh inning. With two outs in the ninth inning, the one-run game game fell to Harper and he drew a tough walk against Giants closer Santiago Casilla, unwilling to give in.
“I want to get back,” Harper after the season-ending loss. “I love playing in the postseason. It’s a lot of fun. I love these situations. I think a lot of guys love these situations. I love coming and playing in these hostile environments and being in crazy games and 0-0 ballgame and hit a homer or 2-1 and hit a homer and get it done for your team and your city.”
The Nationals offense hit a meager .164 (26 for 159) during the four playoff games. Anthony Rendon went 7 for 19. Harper finished 5 for 17 with three home runs, four RBI and two walks. His 15 total bases were the most of any player, on either side, in the series. Harper had an 0 for 7 in marathon Game 2 — his worst game of the series — sandwiched in between good games. Along with his offense, he provided strong defense in left field, making two stellar catches in Game 3 that helped save the Nationals’ season.
“He came up big twice today and basically did our only damage,” first baseman Adam LaRoche said.
Washington Nationals players expressed a mixture of pride and regret after their loss to the Giants on Tuesday, with some already looking forward to spring training. (Whitney Leaming/The Washington Post)
Harper’s finest work in Game 4 may have been his double. He took two close outside pitches from Giants starter Ryan Vogelsong, fouled a pitch and worked into a 3-2 count. Then when Vogelsong flipped another tough slider just on the outside edge of the strike zone, Harper slapped it down the left field line with a controlled swing. Ian Desmond scored to trim the Nationals’ deficit to 2-1 and Harper pumped his fist furiously at second base.
Harper displayed his jaw-dropping power in seventh inning to tie the game. The Giants brought in flame-throwing rookie reliever Hunter Strickland, the pitcher who served up a towering shot to Harper in Game 1 in Washington. After that game, Strickland stood behind his pitch selection and vowed to challenge Harper again in the same fashion , easy fodder for Harper in their second meeting.
Harper jumped ahead of Strickland 2-0 and then fouled off a low pitch. Strickland fired a 97-mph fastball over the plate and Harper swung. Harper’s bat speed is fast enough to catch up to high velocity and he drilled the pitch high and deep.
“He throws fuego,” Harper said. “Going up there trying to put the barrel on the ball. I respect him giving me another 3-1 heater. That takes a lot of cojones. To be able to do that. I tip my cap to him.”
The ball went 377 feet to right field, clearing the stadium and into the water. More impressively, the ball went 133 feet high into the air, according to ESPN Stats & Info. Harper watched the home run for a few seconds at home plate, unsure if it was fair. He then ran around the bases, turning to look at Strickland at one point.
“I thought it’d blow foul,” he said. “I wasn’t sure. The wind was kinda swirling a little bit. Once I saw it leaning a little foul, I got around and got going.”
In the dugout, Harper went crazy. He smacked his teammates’ hands so hard it’s surprising he didn’t break any hands. He hugged and jumped around with Jayson Werth. He stood near the dugout railing and yelled back at the Giants, presumably at Strickland.
“A 2-1 ballgame and you hit a homer to tie it up in the seventh,” Harper said. “That’s something you dream about. To be able to do that, my emotion is I’m going crazy. I don’t even know what I’m doing you could say because I’m going so crazy and I’m so happy about it. They got the upper hand and they beat us so that homer was nothing.”
So after his dramatics over the final two games of the series, the Nationals’ season had to, of course, come to him. He came up with two outs in the ninth inning. Fans at AT&T Park were loud and on their feet. Casilla gave Harper little to hit and he did well to work a seven-pitch walk. The game ended on Wilson Ramos’s groundout and Harper trudged to the dugout as the Giants celebrated on the field.
“We’re going to get after it Day 1 next year and I’m excited for spring training,” he said. “A lot of people are excited for spring training. I’m excited for spring training to get going again.
RELATED:
The San Francisco Giants beat the Washington Nationals, 3-2, on Tuesday to win the National League Division Series, three games to one. The Giants now face the St. Louis Cardinals. (AP)
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

Price war not required to sustain e-retailing in India: Infibeam.com 
 
After the Monday Mayhem experienced by both Flipkart and its disappointed online shoppers unable to absorb festival discounts, and the concerns raised by physical store owners and traders about out-of-proportion discounts offered by the portal, questions are being raised about the sustainability and suitability of online retailing models for Indian market.
However, the Ahmedabad-based online shopping portal, Infibeam.com, has showcased through its model of ‘live online stores’, that it is not the price war or the multiplicity of product categories that count for long-term success in e-retailing.
The company’s horizontally-spread and democratic platform founded in 2011, buildabazaar.com, has so far gathered over 30,000 live stores enabling merchants or brand-owners set up their own e-retailing portals and offer discounts as they deem fit for their business.
“Indian e-retailing culture is not predatory and is culturally different from the West. Therefore it is required to provide suitable platform to merchants and customers simultaneously. We believe that this concept will stand the test of time as it makes merchants decide their discounts and gives customers the liberty to access multiple brands on the same platform,” Vishal Mehta, founder of Infibeam.com told BusinessLine here on Wednesday.
This is also seen as a solution to the concerns raised by the Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) about the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies and their huge discounts during the festive seasons.
Mehta pointed out that about 95 per cent of the merchants registered on Buildabazar.com platform are SME players. “Such a platform, instead of taking away their businesses, provides them an additional opportunity to maintain their brand identity and retain their customers. They don’t lose money on this,” he added.
While among the SMEs furniture players, fashion products sellers are listed, some of the multinational brands like Airtel and Axiom Telecom, luggage player VIP, cookware maker Nirlep have already set up their live online stores on Buildabazaar.com with each one of them offering different discounts ranging from 10-15 per cent to up to 60 per cent and more on different products.
Looking at the buoyancy in the e-retailing market and adverse implications of price war among multi-product portals, Infibeam is looking to achieve 500,000 merchants on buildabazaar.com by 2016, he added.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

India destination of choice for engineering R&D: NASSCOMIndia destination of choice for engineering R&D: NASSCOM
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Oct 8:  
The rapid growth in the market for products and services coupled with a large pool engineers and data scientists makes India the destination of choice for the global corporations for off-shoring their Engineering Research and Design needs,  B V R Mohan Reddy, Vice Chairman, NASSCOM, has said.
He was speaking at the annual NASSCOM Engineering Summit 2014 in Pune. The theme for the two-day summit, which kicked off today, is “Engineered from India”.
“The new paradigm of globally interdependent economies is fuelling the globalisation of R&D solutions. Major engineering challenges are being addressed by leveraging the capacities available in various geographies and building interdisciplinary collaboration. The next decade will largely be driven by disruptive technologies, changes in competitive landscape and consumer preferences, increased digitization and demand for mobility. We are positive that these opportunities will continue to be addressed by engineering companies to establish India as a strong destination for innovative solutions,” Reddy said.
Speaking on the sidelines of the summit Vijay Ratnaparkhe, Chairman, NASSCOM Engineering Council, said, “The Engineering Council has been implementing multiple initiatives that focus on talent development, branding, new technologies like Internet of Things, policy interventions and special interest groups on focused verticals. The summit this year will provide a unique opportunity to companies for showcasing disruptive technologies and how they are redefining the engineering landscape.”
India today is a home to over 600 ER&D companies, and over 400 global ER&D organizations for most of whom it is the second largest centre outside their home location. More than 200,000 engineers are employed by service providers and engineering firms.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Three women killed in car crash outsideBangalorePrint
Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: October 8, 2014 7:25 pm
Three women were killed and two others injured in a collision between a car and Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) bus at the Marur Handpost near Nelamangala some 40 km from Bangalore on Wednesday morning.
The deceased were identified as Vinutha, 32 and Sobha, 37, both residents of Laggere in North Bangalore, and Preeti Thomas, 34, of Kalyana Nagar in East Bangalore. All three were development officers attached to the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India.
The injured were identified as Swetha of Doddaballapur and their friend Nitin Chandra of Vijayanagar. The five persons in the car that was involved in the accident were on their way to Dharmasthala on a pilgrimage when the accident occurred at around 7.15 am.
Vinutha was driving the car and lost control after hitting a speed breaker. The car entered the opposite lane and was rammed by the KSRTC bus, the Circle Inspector of Magadi Yelgaiah said. Vinutha and Sobha were killed at the spot. Preeti died on the way to hospital. Swetha and Chandra were being treated at a private hospital in Nelamangala town, police said.

UN pledges USD 4 million for Mizoram livelihoodprojectPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: October 8, 2014 7:20 pm
Four specialised agencies of the United Nations have pledged USD 4 million to implement a livelihood project in Mizoram that will be launched in state capital Aizawl next week, a senior official said on Wednesday.
The UN agencies – UNDP, FAO, UNIDO and ILO have drawn up a detailed work plan and budget of USD 4 million (of which the state government will contribute Rs 122.7 lakhs) for the “UN Joint Initiative Project”, P L Thanga, chairman of the flagship New Land Use Policy, or NLUP, Implementing Board said.
The project would include a wide range of issues including food security, livelihood, energy security sustainable livelihoods, income generation and eco-system preservation, P L Thanga said, adding one aspect focused on would also be the setting up of a “trans-border animal disease control system” in the wake of the swine epidemic that devastated the state’s piggeries last year.
In agriculture, the project would seek to establish market linkages for the state’s produce, he added.

Two Mizoram policemen face inquiry over drug traffickingchargePrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: October 8, 2014 7:18 pm
An intelligence unit of the Mizoram police on Wednesday instituted an internal inquiry into the alleged involvement of two field operatives in narcotics trafficking.
The duo, who are currently attached to the District Special Bureau under the Aizawl District SP, were nabbed by community volunteers of an Aizawl neighborhood after discovering a stash of empty medicine strips estimated to have contained almost 5 lakh pills of pseudoephedrine, a controlled substance used to manufacture methamphetamine, widely abused as a party drug throughout the world.
A senior police official said the two plain-clothes policemen and a suspected accomplice were apprehended by Zemabawk neighborhood’s Joint Action Committee volunteers late on Tuesday night and handed over to police.
A Dy.SP and Inspector have been questioning the duo — identified as constables J C Lallawmzuala and Lalramhluna — as part of an internal inquiry although no criminal case has as yet been registered at the Bawngkawn Police Station, where they were handed over last night.
The stash of empty pseudoephedrine tablet strips recovered from their alleged accomplice is estimated to have been worth more then Rs 1 crore in the black market.
T C Lalropianga, an inspector with the same police intelligence unit had earlier this year been suspended for his alleged involvement in a methamphetamine trafficking racket after one peddler told anti-narcotics investigators of the Excise and Narcotics Department that he. Had given her the 10,000 methamphetamine pills she was caught with.
Pseudoephedrine trafficking has become a major black market business in Mizoram and other NE states such as Manipur through which the controlled drug, widely manufactured in India, is illegally routed to Myanmar where clandestine laboratories use it to manufacture methamphetamine.

ICICI Lombard launches customer self-service kiosksICICI Lombard launches customer self-service kiosks
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 8:  
Private sector non-life insurance company ICICI Lombard announced the launch of ‘self—service’ kiosks at three of its key branches in Mumbai, Delhi and Bengaluru, here today.
The kiosks are designed to meet diverse customer requirements, including query update, status on claim processing, policy endorsement, printing of policy certificates and claim forms.
The kiosks would also enable customers to renew their existing motor insurance and health insurance policies.
They would also be able to extend their travel insurance policies at the click of a button as well as benefit from faster response time and convenience with regard to their ICICI Lombard policies.
“With the launch of self—service kiosks, our customers will be able to conveniently access their ICICI Lombard General insurance policies for information as well as to purchase, renew or claim related transactions at the click of a button,” ICICI Lombard Chief of Service, Operations and Technology Girish Nayak said.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Muthoot Finance launches housing loan down payment schemeMuthoot Finance launches housing loan down payment scheme
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 8:  
Muthoot Finance has launched a product ‘Home Down Payment Loan’ to finance margin money needed to avail of home loans.
As per the norms, a home loan borrower has to pay 20 per cent margin money or his own contribution to avail of housing loan up to 80 per cent.
Many people do not get a housing loan because they do not have margin money. So, Muthoot Finance has come out with such a product which takes care of the margin money issue of home loan seeker, Muthoot Group AGM marketing Avinav Chaubey said.
With repayment period of five years, this product has been designed for the down payment of a new property or renovation or extension of an existing property.
Loan under this plan is provided instantly with no property or income documents required even before the property is selected, he said, adding the prominent feature of this loan plan is that gives its borrowers an option to pay their interest as EMI only for the days they need the amount without additional charges.
It provides cheaper interest rates as compared to taking personal loans or from local pawn shops.
The loan, available at 11 per cent interest rate, would range from Rs 1 lakh to 10 lakh for a period of 12 to 60 months.
Besides, the company has also launched consumer loan to offer convenient credit options to customers for buying consumer durable.
Convenient Consumer Loan (CCL), which is an EMI based loan service and can be cleared within 36 months, he said, adding convenient consumer loan also does not include any ’Negative Area’ concept, wherein the loan seekers application often gets rejected.
The target group for this scheme include salaried persons, traders, professionally employed persons, agriculturists etc.
The CCL provides instant finance up to 100 per cent of the product value without the need of CIBIL Score or Credit Card.
There are no processing charges involved and an exclusive zero down payment facility is offered to all its customers.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Financial instruments: new draft accounting norms to fix global financial crisis woesFinancial instruments: new draft accounting norms to fix global financial crisis woes
K. R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 8:  
The CA Institute has come up with a new version of proposed accounting standard on ‘financial instruments’ and sought public comments on this draft standard.
This new version – which is being called Ind AS 109 — is essentially a result of the global financial crisis (2008) and tries to among other things fix the problems that led to the crisis
It will replace the earlier proposed Ind AS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement, said K Raghu, President, Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI)
Although the CA Institute had proposed Ind AS 39, the Centre had not deemed it fit to notify the same and hence they were not implemented.
The CA Institute’s latest version corresponds to IFRS 9, an internationally recognised standard on financial instruments.
The new version put out by the CA Institute essentially addresses the ‘too little, too late’ loan loss recognition problem, which had wreaked havoc on the balance sheets of several financial institutions of developed countries.
The G20 countries had made a case for addressing this "too little, too late" problem as regards loan loss recognition by banks and financial institutions.
From the incurred loss model (proposed in Ind AS 39), the new version proposes to introduce an “expected loss” model. This is seen to be a more realistic approach for loan loss recognition in books of accounts, sources in the CA Institute said.
The proposed Ind AS 109 is sought to be made applicable from financial year 2015-16 voluntarily and from financial year 2016-17 on mandatory basis.
The last date for public comments on the new version—Ind AS 109—is October 25.
Meanwhile, the CA Institute has now decided to make public (on its website) all the comments that it will receive on draft accounting standards.
“The comments of the members and public would be uploaded on the website of ICAI for public viewing. This marks the beginning of a new era of transparency and governance to which ICAI is committed”, Raghu said.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Sena  Cong attack Modi over border firing by PakSena, Cong attack Modi over border firing by Pak
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 08, 2014
First Published: 12:27 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:17 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
The Congress and the Shiv Sena used the border firing issue to attack Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday, saying he should focus on the country’s security with Pakistan pounding Indian posts along the border in Jammu over the past week.
 
An editorial in the Shiv Sena mouthpiece, Saamna, slammed Modi for spending time addressing election rallies across Maharashtra, saying Pakistan has been emboldened by the government's failure to take firm steps against the firing which has left eight civilians dead so far.
 
“Maharashtra politics can come later. The country’s security is important. Modiji, please stop tolerating the indiscretions of Pakistan,” said the Sena, an ally of the BJP for 25 years until they snapped ties last month over sharing of seats in the state assembly polls.
 
In an obvious jibe at Modi who often talked of his 56-inch chest at his election rallies, the Shiv Sena said you don’t need a “56-inch chest” to protect the interests of the nation.
Read: Why is PM soft on Pak, China, asks Rahul
 
“Whether a 56-inch chest can save the country or not is debatable. But if you have the will to protect your country, then anyone can do it,” said the editorial
 
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi also hit out at Modi, saying he had done nothing to stop the Pakistani shelling which has wounded more than 70 people and forced thousands to abandon their homes along the border.
 
“Before the Lok Sabha polls, Modi used to speak of adopting an aggressive approach towards China and Pakistan. Now, despite so many provocations, the PM is not doing anything for the last three months,” Gandhi said at his first campaign rally for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly elections at Mahad in Raigad district.
 
“When the Prime Minister was enjoying a swing with the Chinese President, thousands of their soldiers were occupying our land in Ladakh,” he said.
 
The shooting, which started more than a week ago, has seen some of the most intense violence between India and Pakistan in about a decade.
 
The firing has strained India-Pakistan relations which hit a low after New Delhi called off foreign secretary-level talks in August following the Pakistani high commissioner’s meeting with Kashmiri separatist leaders.
                                                                                                                      
This year has been particularly volatile along the border and the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir, which is due for assembly polls as Pakistan typically ratchets up border tensions every time the state holds elections.
With agency inputs

Haryana: Jailed former CM OP Chautala brazenly campaigns for polls  support flows in from SAD8
0
New Delhi: Former Haryana Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala who has been jailed in a corruption case, is brazenly campaigning for the Indian National Lok Dal in Haryana.
Chautala and his son Ajay were sentenced to 10 years in jail over a recruitment scam in January 2013. INLD supporters are however insisting that they will see to it that Chautala is back to power.
Out on bail on medical grounds, Chautala has been making his way to different parts of Haryana even as the CBI is trying to have his bail cancelled because of his misusing it. Chautala claims he will take oath as Chief Minister from inside the jail, a statement that has invited derision from Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
#inld #haryana polls #haryana assembly elections 2014 #om prakash chautala
PM Narendra Modi has lashed out at Chautala calling him the most dangerous man in Tihar jail. Once allies, the BJP and INLD now seem to have turned into embittered rivals.
Strangely, BJPs ally in Punjab, the Shiromani Akali Dal is keen to see Chautala back in power because SAD and INLD are old allies.
Chautala is repeatedly hitting out at corruption in the Congress government in Haryana even though he himself stands jailed for 10 years on corruption charges.
It is the Haryana voter who will now have to make sense of it all and caste the vote to decide who governs Haryana next.
4

Severe cyclonic storm likely to hit Andhra Pradesh  Odisha coast by October 12Oct 08, 2014 at 07:41pm IST
Severe cyclonic storm likely to hit Andhra Pradesh, Odisha coast by October 12
28
0
New Delhi/Bhubaneswar: A "very severe cyclonic storm" is likely to hit Andhra Pradesh and Odisha coast by October 12 and unleash heavy rainfall and gusty winds with speed upto 155 kmph, the Met department said on Wednesday. The Cyclone 'Hudhud' crossed the area between Port Blair and Long Island of the Andaman and Nicobar archipalego on Wednesday, with winds gusting at 67 kmph.
"It will cross east coast between Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh and Gopalpur in Odisha on the noon of October 12. The wind speed range is expected to be 130-140 kmph and may gust upto 155 kmph," Indian Meteorological Director General Laxman Singh Rathore said in Delhi.
He, however, added that no landfall point of the cyclone has been zeroed in so far and it is likely to remain over sea. "The landfall will be in the range of 200 km (between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur) and the cyclone size is about 500 km," said M Mohapotra, scientist with IMD's Cyclonic Warning Division. Hudhud will be the second major cyclone after Phalian, which hit the eastern coast in October last year.
"The wind speed range is expected to be 130-140 kmph and may gust upto 155 kmph," Indian Meteorological Director General said.
#cyclonic storm #cyclone #andhra pradesh #odisha
While Phalian, which was also a "very severe cyclonic storm" saw winds gusting upto 210-220 kmph, Hudhud may not be as severe as Phalian. "It is not as severe as Phalian, but it is in the same category," Rathore said. The IMD chief said "heavy rainfall" to "very heavy rainfall" at few places would commence over Visakhapatnam, Vijayanagaram and Srikakulam districts of North coastal Andhra and Ganjam, Puri and Khurda districts of Odisha from October 11.
Flanked by National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) chief OP Singh, Rathore said the two departments are in constant touch with each other. Singh said NDRF's one batallion each in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh are in total preparedness. Four teams of the force have left for Visakhapatnam and they would be further repositioned based on the request made by the two state governments.
"One batallion each in West Bengal and Bihar are on alert and could be airlifted anytime if required. The two states will be provided with satellite phones and an NDRF control room would be set up by tomorrow to deal with the situation," the NDRF chief said.
55

CNBCs primetime reinvention and how Shark Tank helped make the network a home for reality TVBy Emily Yahr October 8 Follow @emilyyahr
Mark Cuban, Lori Greiner, Daymond John, John Paul Dejoria and Kevin O’Leary on Season 5 of “Shark Tank.” (Kelsey McNeal/ABC)
Most people know CNBC as the channel you flip on when you want to hear about the latest stock market news or get investment advice from Suze Orman. But over the last year, it’s also become the network where you can watch budding entrepreneurs try to sell an alarm clock that cooks bacon while you sleep, or see someone pitch a portable urinal disguised as a golf club .
That’s because the network recently acquired reruns of ABC’s “Shark Tank,” the show where people offer up their inventions to millionaire investors (leading to those two aforementioned genius ideas). About two years ago, CNBC quietly started expanding into the reality TV world — then came “Shark Tank,” which brought a new, broader audience to the network. Ever since, the channel has been marching ahead with a primetime reinvention.
Like so many other cable outlets these days, CNBC recognized that it could no longer just exist with one identity; it had to expand beyond just its “financial news” mission to keep up. As a result, the channel churning out multiple reality shows, all with a theme that goes hand-in-hand with CNBC’s core mission: Money. Shows include “The Profit,” “Car Chasers,” “Restaurant Startup,” and starting Wednesday night, “The Filthy Rich Guide,” which features how .01 percenters spends crazy gobs of money. (Can you say “private island”?)
Marcus Lemonis and Pete Athans on “The Profit.” (Dan Boczarski/CNBC)
It’s been a positive, if challenging transition for CNBC, which generally goes by the theory “our primetime is daytime” — after all, that’s when people tune in to keep up with the markets. Network president Mark Hoffman admitted that for a long time, CNBC didn’t pay much attention to its programming past 7 p.m. It was sort of the land of misfit toys. Who can forget series with John McEnroe and Dennis Miller? (Pretty much everyone.) There were various game shows and reruns of “Late Night With Conan O’Brien.”
None of them did well in the ratings, and executives decided they needed to completely reinvent the network’s landscape in primetime, especially as the competition increased. So they studied what other channels were doing and thought about what kind of reality shows would be the best fit, especially to bring in new viewers that weren’t used to CNBC having anything except financial info.
In February 2012, the network hired Jim Ackerman as senior vice president for primetime alternative programming; he’s a former NBC News producer who could boast a great track record developing reality shows at VH1 (“Love & Hip Hop,” “Celebrity Fit Club”). While he didn’t want to bring trainwreck reality shows with dysfunctional money experts to the network, Hoffman did want a captivating primetime line-up that had a similar DNA to the daytime financial shows, but a different perspective.
They decided to make sure all of their reality shows involved “fundamental conflicts around money,” something that every person has to some degree: “Do I buy something or sell something? Do I take this job or take a different job? Do I grab for my dreams or do I stay in a place that’s safe?” Hoffman says, ticking off all-too-relatable concerns. “All of that real human emotion is transferable across socioeconomic lines.”
Using that idea as a jumping-off point, the network launched “The Profit” in summer 2013. The premise: Millionaire Marcus Lemonis invests his own money in struggling small businesses, attempting to turn them around. While ratings started off slow, it eventually started gaining traction on Twitter and social media. (New episodes start airing Oct. 14.) Now, even Hoffman is surprised by the overwhelming reaction to the series — and how many people say they watch it to get business and start-up lessons.
One compelling element is that Lemonis is investing his own money, which Ackerman says adds an irresistible draw. Business in general is a “spectacular backdrop” to any reality show, he said, because the most important question when developing shows are “What are the stakes?”
“When dealing with business, money or someone’s livelihood,” Ackerman said. “There’s always high stakes.”
Emmy-winning “Shark Tank” has a similar concept, as the experts/”sharks” (Mark Cuban, Kevin O’Leary, Barbara Corcoran, etc.) use their own money to potentially fund a (sometimes wacky) business idea. Though “The Profit” was already airing, it wasn’t until CNBC landed the rights to “Shark Tank” reruns when people began taking notice of the network’s new strategy, and the channel upped its reality TV game with even more shows. Shortly after the series started airing this past winter, the network hit nearly 600,000 viewers in primetime , the kind of numbers the network saw in the days of the economic recession.
The series has continued to be a success for the channel: “Shark Tank Tuesdays” have helped the network double their numbers that night from the same time last year, averaging about 354,000 viewers. Looking to add that success to other days of the week, the show now airs Monday through Friday. The first week “Shark Tank” aired every night (starting Sept. 22), CNBC saw its best primetime numbers in 11 years with an average audience of 391,000 people. Still, the network continues to lag behind competitors such as Fox News, CNN and MSNBC. (“Shark Tank” can occasionally beat CNN in total viewers, though.)
Hoffman knows that at the moment, CNBC’s daytime shows are aimed at an extremely narrow subset of the viewing public, which has a big impact on the ratings later in the evening. But the longterm goal is to broaden that for primetime — and he’s very pleased with the progress.
“It’s funny, we’re an established cable channel celebrating its 25th anniversary this year, but we’re really a start-up when it comes to this kind of content,” Hoffman said. “For a start-up to be growing at this pace this early in its evolution is exciting and rewarding.”
Emily Yahr covers pop culture and entertainment for the Post. Follow her on Twitter @EmilyYahr .

If you live in these US cities  chronic flooding is coming to a shore near youThe beach is about to get a lot more sinister.(REUTERS/Chip East)
SHARE
Zach Wener-Fligner @zachwe
October 8, 2014
In 15 years, Annapolis, Maryland will experience tidal floods over 180 times per year. By 2045, Annapolis, Washington, DC, and Lewisetta, Virginia will all flood nearly 400 times annually. That’s according to a chilling  new report form the Union of Concerned Scientists that evaluates the risk of floods for cities along the US east coast.
The report concludes that flooding caused by high tides will become far more frequent and pernicious over the next 30 years along the east coast. “This flooding will redefine how and where people in affected areas life, work, and otherwise go about their daily lives,” the report says.
Here’s how various coastal cities will be hit:
Share
Tap image to zoom
The increase in flooding will result from rising sea levels, which are projected to increase 12 inches globally by 2030:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Tidal floods are typically milder than floods resulting from extreme weather ad natural disasters like hurricanes. But rising sea levels will also increase the gravity of these floods. “Extensive moderate flooding—now usually associated with storms and high winds—is expected to become more common, simply from high tides,” the report says.
Tap image to zoom
 
The UCS report recommends taking precautionary measures like updating coastal infrastructure and avoid risky building in vulnerable areas. That said, they offer only one conclusive solution: “To limit future sea level rise and sustain coastal communities, we must curb carbon emissions.”
Share this:

PM commends Anil Ambani for brooming Churchgate rail stationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

EPFOs trustees to meet on Nov 11EPFO’s trustees to meet on Nov 11
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, October 8:  
Retirement fund body EPFO’s apex decision making body the Central Board of Trustees’ (CBT) will meet next month on November 11 to discuss and approve audit as well as annual report for 2013-14. Besides the trustees body, headed by the Labour Minister, will also review the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation’s (EPFO) ambitious Universal Account Number (UAN) project under which a portable permanent PF account number is being provided to over four crore subscribers of the social security scheme. “...205th Meeting of the Central Board of Trustees (EPF) has been scheduled to be held on November 11,” an office order said.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Murthy  Gopalakrishnan bid farewell to InfosysMurthy, Gopalakrishnan bid farewell to Infosys
PTI
N.R. Narayana Murthy and S. Gopalakrishnan, Co-Founders of Infosys.
Bangalore, Oct 8:  
Thirty—three years after starting Infosys, its founders NR Narayana Murthy and S Gopalakrishnan today bade farewell to the over $8 billion IT firm with the former saying he has no regrets and the latter emphasising that politics is not his cup of tea.
Seven co—founders, led by Murthy, set up the Bangalore— based firm in 1981. Murthy had the longest run of about 21 years as CEO before passing the baton to Nandan Nilekani and then Gopalakrishnan and S D Shibulal.
Murthy returned to the over $8 billion firm for a second stint as Chairman in June last year after Infosys hit rough waters, falling behind peers like TCS and HCL Technologies. But he left midway following a spate of senior executives leaving the company.
Murthy and Gopalakrishnan stepped down as executive chairman and executive vice chairman, respectively, on June 14. They, however, continue on the board till October 10 as non—executive chairman and non—executive vice chairman, respectively.
Addressing media persons, Murthy said he had no regrets.
“I have no regrets at all. Life is about doing certain things and not doing certain things. At the end of the day, it is the sum total of all this....so I have no regrets,” Murthy said.
When asked about the high point during his stint, Murthy said it was the listing of Infosys on Nasdaq, the first Indian company to do so.
Murthy will be designated as Chairman Emeritus from October 11.
Gopalakrishnan, or Kris as he is fondly known, said he is not set out for politics.
“In my case, at least at this point, no political ambitions at all. I don’t think I am set out for politics,” he said when asked if he too will join politics like his former colleagues Nilekani and V Balakrishnan.
He added that he is looking at pursuing two areas, research and entrepreneurship, in the days ahead.
In August this year, Infosys appointed former SAP board member Vishal Sikka as its CEO and Managing Director.
Sikka is the first outsider (and not part of the co—founder’s club) to lead the Bangalore—based firm. He took over from Shibulal.
Talking about the transition, Shibulal said it is like any other transition at any other firm. “This is an organisation with very strong values and beliefs. It believes in speed and innovation and I hope they will continue to be preserved.”
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Boost for global energy saving marketGlobal energy saving market worth at least $310bn a year
By Pilita Clark, Environment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/25baa4ac-4ed6-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

1st ODI: Samuels  ton helps West Indies pile up 321/6 vs Indiaprint
India suffered a batting collapse, losing five wickets for 63 runs, as West Indies - riding an unbeaten century from Marlon Samuels - started the five-match series with a massive 124 runs win in the first ODI at the Nehru Stadium in Kochi on Wednesday.
Marlon Samuels struck a superb unbeaten century to fire the West Indies to an impressive 321 for six in 50 overs.
Chasing a stiff target, India made a good start with openers Ajinkya Rahane (28) and Shikhar Dhawan (68) adding 49 runs for the first wicket. Rahane was run out after a poor call that saw both the openers ending up at the same end and soon India were reduced to 83 for four.
Dhawan, however, kept scoreboard moving and hit nine fours in his 92 balls knock but he saw wickets falling a regular intervals at the other end. The Delhi batsman fell in the 29th over triggering a batting collapse as India lost last five wickets for 63 runs.
Ravindra Jadeja played a lone hand and remained unbeaten on 33 from 36 balls.
Samuels picked up two wickets with his off-spin and was adjudged as the man of the match. Pacers Ravi Rampaul and Dwayne Bravo also picked up two wickets each.
Earlier, Samuels struck a crafty 126 not out off 116 deliveries, his sixth ODI hundred, as West Indies batsmen plundered the Indian bowling after being put in by Mahendra Singh Dhoni.
Samuels' 116-ball innings was studded with 11 fours and four sixes. Denesh Ramdin also made 61 while Dwayne Smith scored 46.
Recalled for the series against India after being dropped for the recent tour to Bangladesh, Samuels scored freely and posted 165 for the fourth wicket with Ramdin, who struck five fours and two sixes in his 59-ball innings.
West Indies started the innings with skipper Bravo (17) promoting himself up the order to open with Smith. But the move failed as the all-rounder was dismissed in the 8th over with 34 runs on board after scoring just 17 runs.
However, Smith and stylish left-hander Darren Bravo (28) added 64 for the second wicket to give the West Indies a stable start. Smith struck four fours and two sixes during his 45-ball stay but both the batsmen fell in quick succession to leave the West Indies at 120 for three in the 23rd over.
Samuels and Ramdin then took control of the innings to lead a Caribbean onslaught that left the Indian bowling unit look like a hapless lot.
For India, pacer Mohammed Shami was the pick of the bowlers, bagging four for 66 from his nine overs while spinners Ravindra Jadeja and Amit Mishra picked up a wicket each. Pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar was the most economical, conceding 38 runs from his full quota of 10 overs.

Betting on health of housing
How often do third-party candidates actually spoil elections Not very.By Philip Bump October 8 Follow @pbump
 
We have reached the what-if point of the election cycle. What if that Glens Falls baker spoils a race in the House ? What if former South Dakota Republican-turned-independent Larry Pressler recasts  the Republican-Democrat Senate race in that state? What if the libertarian in North Carolina spoils that Senate race? What if!
It's only natural that the political press turn to spoilers and upsets now. Election Day is a month away, and most major-party candidates have been written about enough to cover the entire state of Alaska with pixellated text. So: what if?
"If" rarely happens. We looked at every federal general election race from 2006 to 2012 and found that only 61 of the 1,800-plus races were possible spoilers -- and slightly less than half of that number actually were spoiled. In every 1,000 races, in other words, 14 of them saw a third-party candidate (or, simply, a third candidate) that likely cost someone a race.
About half of federal races in the United States are either between a Democrat and a Republican or (occasionally) uncontested. We looked at the 900 other races, ones in which there was a third or fourth (or fifth) candidate, to figure out how often the person who came in third beat the margin of victory between the first two. In other words, given candidates Adams, Baker, and Cobb, who finished in that order, how often the vote total earned by Cobb was larger than the amount by which Adams beat Baker. Without Cobb in the race, then, Baker could possibly have gotten those votes and won.
Only 6.7 percent of those three-or-more candidate races had the third candidate beat the margin of victory, landing them in what we call the "spoiler zone."
Not all of the candidates in the spoiler zone actually spoiled races, though. In some cases, they were members of the same party as the winner; often they were ideologically similar to the winner, such as a Green Party member who came in third in a race that a Democrat won. Certainly not all of the Green Party candidate's voters would have gone to the Democrat had he or she not run, but it seems unlikely they would all have backed the Republican and swung the race.
Among the races in which the spoiler effect is plausible, there's some subjectivity to this assessment -- we counted Charlie Crist's independent bid for the Senate in 2010, for example -- but in general, actual spoilers were pretty easy to spot.
Interestingly, the Senate is over-represented in the final list, compared to the number of total Senate races. In part this is thanks to the larger number of candidates that vie for those seats. The most common scenario, though, was a libertarian candidate siphoning enough votes from a Republican to give a Democrat the win. Rep. Bruce Braley (D-Iowa) in 2010, Rep. Kyrsten Sinema (D-Ariz.) in 2012, Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) in 2006. (Lending some credence to our third example at the top of this post.)
Were all of these actually "spoiled"? Meaning, would the second-place candidate have won if the third-party person hadn't run? Maybe not. But these are the rare cases that are close enough to the "what if" that they're worth mentioning -- with an emphasis on "rare." But they're certainly fun to talk about.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He previously wrote for The Wire, the news blog of The Atlantic magazine. He has contributed to The Daily Beast, The Atlantic, The Daily, and the Huffington Post. Philip is based in New York City.

Gay couples in Idaho cant get married today after allBy Niraj Chokshi October 8 Follow @NirajC
Amber Beierle she receives a kiss from partner Rachael Beierle while waiting to address media outside the James A. McClure Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse Tuesday, in Boise, Idaho. (AP Photo/The Idaho Statesman, Kyle Green)
On Wednesday, Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy put a temporary hold on a lower court’s ruling that same-sex marriages may begin in Idaho and Nevada.
The order comes in response to an emergency request by the administration of Idaho Gov. Butch Otter seeking a recall of the lower-court decision that both state’s marriage bans were unconstitutional. While Justice Kennedy’s order is a response to Idaho’s request, it applies to both states. The delay may not last long, however, as Kennedy gave plaintiffs in the case until 5 p.m. on Thursday to file a response.
The Otter administration’s emergency motion, filed on Wednesday morning, argues that the Tuesday decision by a three-judge panel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals immediately striking the state same-sex marriage bans “short-circuited the normal process.”
County clerks had been preparing to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples Wednesday morning, and at least one Idaho couple may have succeeded in getting married, according to local reports:
#twinfalls county's first gay couple to get married, Don Moline and Clint Newlan #idpol pic.twitter.com/OJ4tF9eWre
— Times-News Politics (@IdahoGovernment) October 8, 2014
Wednesday’s order follows the Monday decision by the Supreme Court to let three similar same-sex marriage rulings by appeals courts stand. As a result, same-sex couples can now marry in more than half the states. If the 9th Circuit decision goes into effect, same-sex marriage could soon be allowed in as many as 35 states. In light of that Monday decision by the Supreme Court, a decision to put the 9th Circuit’s Tuesday ruling on hold for very long would be surprising, the Associated Press reports .
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.

Rain brings relief in parts of North IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Voting with their feet© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/238d0f5c-3415-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK leader under pressure over 4m paymentsHong Kong chief CY Leung faces questions over payments
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab7dcbb0-4ed5-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BP to Judge: Reconsider  Gross Negligence  Ruling
Gross makes first trades at JanusBill Gross makes first trades at Janus Capital
By Stephen Foley and Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/46857834-4c19-11e4-a63b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ciaz May Not be Volume Spinner for Maruti: SBI CapYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Ciaz May Not be Volume Spinner for Maruti: SBI Cap
Published On:                  October  7, 2014                 | Duration: 11 min, 13 sec
Tweet
Mahantesh Sabarad, Deputy Head of Research at SBI Capital Securities says Maruti Ciaz is under-powered as compared to its competitors. The Ciaz is a good attempt to reach out to premium customers, but it will not be a volume spinner for Maruti, he added.

This Managing Director Earns Rs 1/MonthYou are here: Home Corporates
MCFL Pays Rs 1/Month Salary to its Managing Director
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 06, 2014 19:29 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Vijay Mallya-led UB Group's MCFL, which is the takeover target of two rival fertiliser firms, will pay only a token salary of Rs 1 per month to its Managing Director Deepak Anand in the current fiscal.
The salary of Rs 1 a month has been approved by shareholders for 2014-15, as also for the subsequent year 2015-16, till the next annual general meeting takes place.
Mr Anand was deputed by the UB Group as managing director of Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers Ltd (MCF) in April 2005 and since then he has been paid Rs 1 per month as token salary.
Meanwhile, Mr Anand is on the rolls of UB Holdings as president, Fertilisers.
Intensifying the battle for acquisition of MCFL, Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group both on September 26 raised their open offer prices to Rs 93.60 per share and Rs 81.60 per share, respectively.
Deepak Fertilisers had launched open offer to buy additional 26 per cent stake in MCFL in April this year at Rs 63 per share following which Zuari and UB group joined hands in May and launched open offer for same number of shares at Rs 68.55 per scrip.
The battle for control of Mangalore Chemicals heated up again after the Competition Commission of India (CCI) cleared an open offer launched by Zuari Group firms on September 4.
The CCI had cleared the open offer of Deepak Fertilisers on August 19.
After this, both parties have announced that the open offer will start on October 1 and close on October 17. The last date for upward revision of the offer size or price was September 25.
At present, Deepak Fertiliser holds 25.31 per cent stake in MCFL, whereas consortium of Zuari group companies have 16.43 per cent stake and Vijay Mallaya's UB group 21.97 per cent stake.
Zuari Agro Chemicals had also entered into an agreement this year to use Mangalore Chemicals' facilities for contract production.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL at one go in July 2013. After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
Story first published on: October 06, 2014 19:18 (IST)

Infosys Q2 May Surprise Positively: Prabhudas LilladherYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Infosys Q2 May Surprise Positively: Prabhudas Lilladher
Published On:                  October  7, 2014                 | Duration: 7 min, 37 sec
Tweet
Shashi Bhusan, senior research analyst-institutional equities at Prabhudas Lilladher, says that Infosys is expected to report dollar revenue growth of 3-3.5 per cent in its second quarter earnings. The IT major is likely to retain its full-year dollar revenue guidance of 7-9 per cent, he adds.

India s Economic Situation Much Better Now: Bimal JalanYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
India's Economic Situation Much Better Now: Bimal Jalan
Published On:                  October  7, 2014                 | Duration: 18 min, 57 sec

Twitter Sues Government Seeking Surveillance Transparency
The Washington Post/Getty Images
Feder: WLS to hire Steve Dahl for afternoonsSurprise: WLS to hire Steve Dahl for afternoons
posted on
Tweet
Steve Dahl
Six years after he signed off from over-the-air radio, Chicago broadcast legend Steve Dahl is about to make a comeback on WLS AM 890, sources said.
An announcement could come this week that Dahl, 59, will join the Cumulus Media news/talk station as afternoon personality, replacing Roe Conn and Richard Roeper from 2 to 6 p.m. Monday though Friday. If all goes as planned, Dahl would start in early November.
Sources familiar with the deal said Dahl will continue his subscription podcast venture, with Cumulus Media becoming a partner in the Steve Dahl Network. Under the agreement, Cumulus would provide financial, technical and marketing support, while Dahl would continue to host a separate, 90-minute daily podcast for his paid subscribers.
Dahl could not be reached for comment Tuesday. Conn declined to comment.
For the Chicago media icon and Radio Hall of Famer, the move to afternoons on WLS would mark a return to the time and place that he and former partner Garry Meier achieved some of their highest ratings and greatest notoriety — from 1981 to 1986. After later stints at WLUP FM 97.9, WMVP AM 1000 and the former WCKG, Dahl’s last run on terrestrial radio was at WJMK FM 104.3. In 2008, CBS Radio dropped his low-rated morning show, paying him more than $1 million a year to stay off the air through 2011.
Roe Conn and Richard Roeper
It was during that time he turned to podcasting from his basement studio at home, uploading a free daily show that eventually morphed into the pay service he launched in August 2011. Although he occasionally turned up on WLS as a fill-in for Roeper alongside Conn in the early months of his venture, Dahl has been outspoken in condemning terrestrial radio for its onerous restrictions on talent as well as its tyrannical ratings system.
“Radio died the day they started using the Portable People Meter,” Dahl said in an interview last year on his 35th anniversary in the market. “That’s what I love about podcasting — it’s like radio used to be back in the good old days.”
Gearing up for battle again may explain why Dahl went after WGN AM 720 with a vengeance on a recent podcast. Of his soon-to-be rivals at the Tribune Media news/talk station, he told listeners: “It’s like the worst radio station ever now. It’s as bad as it was when I got to town in 1978, only it’s people my age and younger doing it — committing these heinous broadcasting crimes.” He was especially critical of Bill Leff and Wendy Snyder, who’ll be his direct competitors in afternoons.
Conn recently marked his 25th year with WLS. Since April 2010, Roeper, the Sun-Times columnist and movie critic, has been Conn’s full-time afternoon partner. Their contracts are up at the end of the year.
In the latest Nielsen Audio survey, WLS tied for 23rd in afternoons with a 1.6 percent share and a cumulative weekly audience of 191,400. Overall, the station tied for 24th with a 1.4 share and weekly cume of 362,100.
PREVIOUS POST

6 Ways to Acquire Customers Onlinereddit
Acquiring customers is one of the best ways to grow a business. An increasing population of customers not only leads to higher sales and profit, but also spreads awareness about the business name, and is ultimately one of the main drivers of the business's success.
Of course, acquiring new customers is not as simple as sending out invitations, and it often requires a well-crafted strategy executed with precision. Fortunately, the Internet and its popularity offers a convenient medium by which a targeted demographic can be contacted directly and efficiently in order to achieve a business-customer relation. To help provide for the success of your business, consider the following six ways of acquiring customers online.
1. Content Marketing
The notion of content marketing has established itself as one of the dominant ways to acquire customers in the modern era. The concept is simple: content marketing involves the creation of content with the aim of converting the audience into potential customers. You can achieve this through the publication of blogs or e-books, or the creation of videos, photos, or any other type of media. And the statistics are staggering; an infographic posted in Entrepreneur claims that blogs on company sites result in 55% more visitors, and companies with blogs get 97% more inbound links that others.
2. SEO
Search engine optimization (SEO) is a tactic that results in a website becoming more visible in search results on engines like Google and Yahoo. It involves measuring search analytics (such as who is searching for what using specific keywords), and using this knowledge to alter website content, modify links, and take other actions to rise in the search engine ranks. Moreover, according to a post in Forbes, location is now key; " 20% of searches on Google are related to location," meaning SEO tactics can be used to target local demographics.
3. Social Media
Social media use is greater than ever before. Facebook touts over 1 billion users each month, and Twitter is the launchpad of 500 million daily tweets. Best of all: it is free.
Naturally, there are also specific trends within social media that may lead to better marketing. For example, sending Tweets of less than 100 characters and including images may yield some of the best results.
4. E-mail Marketing
It's rare that we encounter someone who hasn't yet signed up for an e-mail account, either free or otherwise. By May of 2013, there were over 400 million Outlook users, and Gmail boasts another 500 million; and this doesn't include the numerous other services available.
With much of the world logging in each day to check their inbox, there is an open opportunity for a business owner to send messages out to a targeted market, advertising goods or services. And e-mail marketing lets you track your success; a guest blog in the Harvard Business Review theorizes that "with e-mail, you know within 24 hours exactly which messages have been opened, by whom, what links the openers clicked on, and what part of your message was working."
5. Reputation Management
The Internet now acts as a massive domain on which customers can comment on and review businesses everywhere. As can be expected, this creates both positive and negative results; a positive review for a business can yield interest from other customers, while a negative one can detract.
In order to control the effects of these voices, a business owner can engage in reputation management, by which he or she can use SEO tactics to highlight the positives, target for removal any defamatory or libelous words, and use other strategies to ensure a positive online presence. Many businesses may actually benefit from the words and services of a professional .
6. Affiliate Programs
In some cases, if a business owner wishes to reach a wider base of customers, it may actually be useful to capitalize on the online presence of others, which can be performed through affiliate programs (also known as affiliate marketing). Affiliate marketing is a process by which a business can place ads on a separate site (known as the affiliate), which will then be broadcasted to all visitors. The incentive for the affiliate lies in the provided benefits; often an affiliate program will result in a set monetary bonus for each click on the advertisement.
Business owners beware, though; a popular Forbes post from 2013 detailed a scam resulting in the overpayment to affiliate programs due to implanted software. Those interested in affiliate programs should do their research before diving in.
Look to the Internet for a New Wave of Customers
It's undeniable; the Internet is king, and it has become a dominion of endless marketing opportunities for business owners across the world. If you are interested in using this tool to acquire new customers, start with these six steps to build your brand and grow your business.
Follow Steve Olenski on Twitter: www.twitter.com/steveolenski
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Building an Engaged Audiencereddit
The word engaged is overused.  Everyone is focusing on "online engagement."  Brands, nonprofits, individuals -- everyone wants to increase their online presence and measure online engagement to be able to showcase what they are doing is successful.  But how do you actually measure engagement in person? How do you know what you are doing is working, how do you have the tools and the foundation set so when you are bringing what you are doing offline to an online existence you know that it makes sense with the actual human beings behind the online profiles?
I studied engagement during my Masters year (in Curriculum and Instruction) before engagement was cool.  My colleagues and I studied engagement in regards to students, and their behavior in and outside of the classroom.  We created a metrics of engagement (using the Bangert Drowns and Pyke seven levels of engagement), and were able to assess what engagement actually looked like and how to increase it.  I realized after graduating and jumping into a career in events and marketing that you could actually use these levels of engagement to target a specific demographic around your brand, mission, values, or whatever you are really "educating" the public on.
I use the word educating, because it may not seem like education and marketing have a lot in common, but in reality they are one in the same.  In order to engage your audience in a way that is compelling and walk them through the seven levels of engagement, you have to understand that engagement comes in many forms.  Being that there are seven levels, it is important to note that disengagement and frustrated engagement are actually a part of the engagement scale, and not separate.  Have you ever been on a customer call with a massive company that refuses to treat you like a human, and then you happen to get one amazing customer service representative that decides to change the way you feel entirely about the company? That is a perfect example of bringing a customer from frustrated engaged to structure dependent engaged.
For a brand, it is the worst possible thing to throw your name on something without a real intention behind it. The days of "sponsorship" are over.  It is an integrated partnership between brand and experience that has to co-exist where the intentions are clearly defined and the audience is educated around a topic that matters to them.  Brands have voices, on and offline and in order to know how to use them, they have to start looking at themselves as teachers and their audience as the classroom. It's also crucial to recognize that you have to take responsibility for the lack of engagement and see it as an opportunity to further engage, not ignore.  The step that most miss is the opportunity to bring someone who is uninspired and disinterested into the conversation. The second you make a person feel listened to, respected, and then share your vision with them based on the words they told you, the second that person will become an ambassador for your brand, not just another twitter follower.
Follow Amanda Slavin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ajslavin
More:

Services sector regains pace after two month breakServices sector regains pace after two month break
Shishir Sinha
Reuters Activity in the private sector has expanded steadily since May.
New Delhi, Oct 7:  
Contrary to the manufacturing sector, the services sector in India accelerated in September, a survey by HSBC indicated.
Result of the survey is known as HSBC Purchasing Manager Index (PMI) and it rose to 51.6 in September from 50.6 in August. The index is calculated on the basis of response received from 350 purchasing managers of private companies. These companies comprise hotels & restaurants, transport & storage, financial intermediation, renting & business activities, post & telecommunication and other services. Index above 50 reflects expansion while below 50 means contraction.
“Services sector activity bottomed out in September thanks to stronger new business flows. However, business sentiment continues to deteriorate after a strong post-election uptick,” Frederic Neumann, Co-Head of Asian Economic Research at HSBC, said. On the positive side, employment rose and inflation fell significantly. A pick up in reform effort is sorely needed to put growth on a firmer footing and address supply side risks to inflation, he added.
Although slower growth in manufacturing did make an impact, services covered a large area. That is why the HSBC Composite Output Index rose to 51.8 in September as against 51.6 in August. The survey said that the latest reading was consistent with a moderate expansion in private sector output. Indian manufacturers signalled a slowdown in output growth, in contrast to the accelerated expansion in activity recorded at services companies.
In terms of services sector, the survey also mentioned that the business activity rose in half of the six monitored subsectors, with by far the sharpest expansion noted in Post & Telecommunications. It noted growth of new businesses for fifth consecutive months. “Moreover, the pace of expansion picked up from August and was solid overall,” it said.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

BJP will rake up Vadra land deal in Haryana poll campaignBJP will rake up Vadra land deal in Haryana poll campaign
Our Bureau
Deal trouble Robert Vadra with wife Priyanka Gandhi (file photo)
Party claims to have more evidence
New Delhi, October 7:  
The BJP will rake up the alleged land deal by Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress President Sonia Gandhi, in the Haryana Assembly election campaign.
The party claimed here on Tuesday that it has more evidence to prove collusion between the Bhupinder Singh Hooda Government and Vadra. The Congress, however, criticised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for “misleading” the Election Commission (EC) and the voters of Haryana.
BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said approval for the land deal is a “parting gift” to the Gandhi family by the Haryana Government, and questioned the hasty clearance of the deal ahead of the elections.
The BJP has already started using the issue in its poll campaign.
Modi said in a rally in Haryana on Monday that the EC should take cognisance of the action of the Hooda Government and treat it as a violation of the model code of conduct.
“The Hooda Government knows that after the elections, the son-in-law will not get any clearances for illegal deals. So, in between the election process, they have dared to take such a decision. I think Hooda was pressured from the top to take such a decision,” he said.
No violation: Congress
The Congress retorted by saying that the Prime Minister is “behaving like a habitual liar”.
“According to a news report, the alleged land clearance happened on July 16. The model code of conduct came in place on September 12. How can this be a violation of the code?
“The Prime Minister is behaving like a habitual liar. Such actions give no glory to the post of the Prime Minister. He is trying to mislead the voters of Haryana and the EC,” Congress general secretary Shakeel Ahmed said.
Quoting a Supreme Court direction, Ahmed reminded the BJP that a public interest litigation against the deal was rejected by the court.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

South Karad: home turf is no cakewalk for Prithviraj ChavanPTI Bending over backwards Former Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan campaigning at Karve Village in Karad.
Faces formidable rivals in Independent Vilaskaka Patil and BJP’s Atul Bhosale
Karad (Maharashtra), October 7 :  
The electoral fight for South Karad constituency in western Maharashtra is going to be an avidly watched one. Former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan, who is the face of the Congress in Maharashtra, is taking on the constituency’s seven-time legislator and former Congress man Vilaskaka Undalkar Patil.
The Congress had asked Patil to give up the seat in favour of Chavan, as Karad is also the home turf of Chavan and his family.
But Patil declined and is contesting as an Independent from the seat, with support from the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).
Karad is a prestigious seat given its association with the late Yashwantrao Chavan — Maharashtra’s first CM had been elected from the constituency.
Prithviraj, although not directly related to Yashwantrao, is a son of the soil. His father Dajisaheb Chavan represented Karad in the Lok Sabha from 1957 to 1973 and served as a minister in the Cabinets of Prime Ministers Jawaharlal Nehru, Lal Bahadur Shastri and Indira Gandhi. 
Making the fight more intense is the fact that BJP candidate Atul Bhosale, a local sugar baron, also has strong family roots in the Congress.
The Shiv Sena is fielding Ajinkya Patil, son of Bihar Governor and senior Congressman DY Patil.
Ajinkya’s brother is Satej (Bunty) Patil, who was Minister of State for Home in the Prithviraj Chavan government. 
In an exclusive interview, Prithviraj told BusinessLine that too many “nouveau riche” people have entered the election fray and huge sums of unaccounted for money are being pumped into Karad. The constituency used to be a very ideologically driven, but those days are gone, he said. 
Changing times
He noted wryly that one of the contestants had changed four parties in five years. When Indira Gandhi was alive, the ‘hand’ symbol assured a victory but is it not valid any more, the former CM added.
The Congress has nurtured the constituency over the past 50 years and created an entire network of sugar and milk cooperatives, cooperative banks and educational institutions, he said. 
According to Prithviraj, his campaign — based on the work he has done for the constituency — has received good response. “They are not just voting for an MLA but for a chief ministerial candidate. People will feel ungrateful if they don’t vote for me, as large sums as development funds have been spent during my tenure,” he said.
The Shiv Sena’s Ajinkya Patil told BusinessLine that although South Karad has been an important constituency for many years, development is still inadequate.
“If voted to power, better roads and adequate rates to the sugarcane farmers would be on top of the agenda,” he said.
Bold move
He added that his maiden electoral fight is against Prithviraj Chavan, which is a bold move, but he is confident of winning. “For wining something big you have to take risks,” he pointed out.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

FT Series Day 2: Chinese investors swoop in on ItalyChina swoops in on Italy’s power grids and luxury brands
By Rachel Sanderson in Milan
EU debt crisis opened up periphery countries
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1bd60160-4496-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

We are trapped in a cycle of credit boomsWe are trapped in a cycle of credit booms
By Martin Wolf
The eurozone seems to be waiting for the Godot of global demand to float it off into debt sustainability
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1a9f058e-4d43-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Turkey must stop prevaricating over IsisTurkey must stop prevaricating over Isis
The likely fall of Kobani exposes the weakness of the US-led coalition
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/96b54a7c-4e31-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sarkozy sucked into a Punch and Judy showNicolas Sarkozy’s ‘nuclear shockwave’ prompts Elysée delight
By Hugh Carnegy in Paris
Ex-president sucked into a less than statesmanlike Punch and Judy show, writes Hugh Carnegy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aad2d1d0-4d43-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Do businessmen make good fathersOctober 7, 2014 11:36 am
Can you be a good father if you are running a business?
By Luke Johnson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17c424a8-4d47-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rio Tinto/Glencore: the iron throne© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/6852dc54-4d7c-11e4-9683-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Australian banks: monkey business© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/96acf652-4dea-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesco: taking the rights track© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/9c6fe174-4e2d-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Canadian Parliament authorizes air strikes in Iraq against Islamic StateCanadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper is applauded after speaking on the government's motion on a combat mission in Iraq following Question Period in the House of Commons in Ottawa on Friday, Oct. 3, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Toronto | Posted: October 8, 2014 10:11 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 11:20 am
Canada’s Parliament voted Tuesday to authorize airstrikes against the Islamic State militant group in Iraq following a U.S. request.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s Conservative Party introduced the motion last week and it was debated this week. Harper has a majority of seats in Parliament so the vote was all but assured. The motion passed 157-134.
The motion authorizes air strikes in Iraq for up to six months and explicitly states that no ground troops be used in combat operations.
READ: Syrian border town of Kobani poised to fall to militants, warns Turkish president 
The combat mission includes up to six CF-18 fighter jets, a refueling tanker aircraft, two surveillance planes and one airlift aircraft. About 600 airmen and airwomen will be involved.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper speaks about the government’s motion on a combat mission in Iraq following Question Period in the House of Commons in Ottawa on Friday, Oct. 3, 2014. Canada plans to launch airstrikes against the Islamic State militant group in Iraq following a U.S. request and may extend airstrikes into Syria if invited by President Bashar Assad’s government, Harper announced. (Source: AP)
Canada is among dozens of countries that have joined the U.S.-led coalition fighting the Islamic State militant group.
“The threat posed by ISIL is real,” Harper said in a statement, referring to the Islamic State by one of its acronyms.
“If left unchecked this terrorist organization will grow and grow quickly. They have already voiced their local and international terrorist intentions and identified Canada as a potential target.”
The White House welcomed Canada’s deployment.
“Canadians and Americans have fought alongside each other in several major conflicts over the past century, and we are grateful for Canada’s further contribution against terrorism,” a White House statement said.
Canada has more than two dozen special forces advisers already in Iraq and has plans for up to 69 advisers as part of an effort to advise Kurdish forces against Islamic militants after a request from President Barack Obama. The U.S. followed that up with another request for an air combat role.
Although the mission didn’t need parliamentary approval, the government continued…

Stick with consensus and sell TreasuriesOctober 8, 2014 6:06 am
Stick with consensus and sell Treasuries
By Mark Haefele
Prepare for yields to rise by more than futures suggest
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/032121ae-43e2-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Risk aversion ripples through marketsDovish Fed minutes bolster stocks
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7de901e6-4e9a-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cyclical stocks gain after IMF raises FY15 GDP to 5.6%Cyclical stocks gain after IMF raises FY15 GDP to 5.6 per cent
Abhishek Vishnoi        Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 13:27 IST
Photo: Reuters
Domestic cyclical stocks gained on Wednesday after International Monetary Fund (IMF) increased country's GDP growth estimate for FY15 to 5.6 per cent from 5.4 per cent, while cutting its global growth forecast.
The revised forecast by IMF gives more confidence about the much talked-about cyclical recovery in the domestic economy, said the investors.
Shares of State Bank of India (SBI) gained 1.08 per cent,  while those of Larsen & Toubro (L&T)  rose 2.25 per cent on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Auto maker Mahindra & Mahindra was trading 0.51 per cent higher on BSE at 12:53 pm.
(Reuters)

End of bull run for IT stocks  says CitiEnd of bull run for IT stocks, says Citi
Shishir Asthana | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 02:53 PM IST
If a report released by Citi Research is to be believed, run-up in IT services stocks is nearing its end.
The strong outperformance of nearly 45% over the last two years as compared to the broad market makes these companies fully valued on a relative basis.
The sector currently trades at 18.5 times their one-year forward earning numbers. The last time such a valuation was given to the IT sector was when the top four companies were growing at around 25% as compared to 10-15% in the current scenario.
 
With the markets touching new highs in an environment of optimism, analysts have been coming out with bullish reports.But bucking the trend, Citi Research has taken a contrarian view and has done a reality check on how much the stocks have run up compared to their historic valuations.
 
Following the release of Citi's report, CNX IT index saw a fall of over 3.25%.A total of 76 IT stocks are trading lower as compared to their previous day’s level.
 
Surendra Goyal and Rishi Iyer of Citi Research in their report titled ‘Indian IT Services Take a Breather – Positives priced in?’ argue that the general improvement in the macro economic environment is not translating to revenue acceleration in the IT services landscape. This could be due to commoditization in some of the traditional IT service lines.  Among the other reasons cited are high market share in the applications business and Cloud/SaaS impacting enterprise solution business.
 
Growth of Indian IT sector has slowed over the years from 35 per cent between FY02-06, 25 per cent between FY07-11 and 13 per cent between FY12-15 (estimated). Current valuations which are at those levels when the sector was growing at 25 per cent offers relatively low margin of safety.
 
Citi however, feels that the industry can still grow at low double digits due to growth from new markets like continental Europe, newer technologies (analytics, mobility etc.) and also gain from lower penetration in relatively new services lines including BPO/ITO. The research firm feels that there are considerable consulting and change management opportunities in the market.
 
Citi’s recommendation comes just days before Infosys announces its results. On Infosys, Citi sees risky volatility ahead on account of a 10 per cent relative outperformance and a 15 per cent run up in the stock over the last three months.
 
Domestic broking firms Karvy and Spark Capital have also timed their report along with Citi, but both of them are bullish on Indian IT sector. Karvy which has initiated coverage on the IT sector with a positive view feels that Indian IT firms are currently in an environment of healthy revenue growth, led by US discretionary spend and Europe cost-cutting led growth. Spark Capital on the other hand says that the rerating in the sector would sustain for large-caps and there is room for expansion of P/E ratio for companies such as Wipro and Infosys. Demand environment remains strong and scope for FY16E revenue upgrade do exist.

Dynamatic Technologies hits record highDynamatic Technologies hits record high
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 03:03 PM IST
Dynamatic Technologies has surged 8% to Rs 2,405, extending its previous day’s 5% rally on BSE, on reports that the company is expected to bag the biggest block of licences for manufacturing unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs).
According to media reports, the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO), the Narendra Modi government will issue at least half-a-dozen licences to private companies for making UAVs. However, the civilian use of UAVs will remain a closed area.
“Bangalore-based Dynamatic Technology is expected to bag the biggest block of licences from the panel, comprising representatives from several ministries, clearing a plan to allow it to make 10,000 unmanned aerial systems and vehicles,” Times of India report suggests.
 
Meanwhile, the company which designs and builds engineering products for aerospace and automotive sectors has proposed a plan to raise up to Rs 100 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP).
The company is holding an extra-ordinary general meeting on October 11, 2014 for getting shareholders approval for the move, as per a stock market disclosure.
The stock opened at Rs 2,450 and hit a record high of Rs 2,456 on NSE.  A combined 22,795 shares changed hands on the counter so far on BSE and NSE.
 

World Bank s Cost-cutting Finance Chief Declines BonusKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Washington: The World Bank's finance chief said he would decline the remainder of his bonus in a move that appeared aimed at quelling discontent among staff who thought it out of line given planned layoffs and budget cuts.
Bertrand Badre, the chief financial officer who has pushed much of the cost-cutting at the bank, plans to turn down a bonus that would have added up to $94,000 by the end of the year, World Bank President Jim Yong Kim announced to applause during a packed "town hall" forum for bank employees on Tuesday, two sources told Reuters.
A World Bank spokesman confirmed the information.
The poverty-fighting institution has been cutting costs as part of a massive reorganization that Kim hopes will make it more efficient and effective.
But the changes in the bank's structure, its internal funding measures and its focus have demoralized employees, who fret about budget and job cuts, unclear lines of command and a general lack of information.
In the meeting with staff on Tuesday, Kim emphasized the progress the bank has made in recent months, including committing $400 million to fight the Ebola outbreak.
But he said he needed to spend more time listening to staff concerns, according to a source who attended the meeting.
"We are implementing fundamental changes to our development delivery model to become fit for purpose to meet today's most pressing challenges," World Bank spokesman David Theis said in an email. "Of course staff unease is natural and understandable in any large organization undergoing such a large-scale realignment.
"We believe we will come out of this process as a stronger, more unified organization, better positioned to achieve our mission," Theis said.
Kim's meeting with staff on Tuesday came after a 15-minute work "stoppage" employees organized last week, and a gathering of employees on Tuesday morning in the bank's large glass-topped atrium.
The protests come as the world's finance ministers and central bankers start to gather in Washington for the Bank and International Monetary Fund's semi-annual meetings this weekend.
The World Bank wants to slash $400 million from its budget by the middle of 2017 to free up money for development projects, and has said it would likely need to lay off some employees.
Badre is one of four senior officials who received extra compensation on top of their regular salaries under a "scarce skills premium." The names of the other three have not been released.
Badre started getting the annual $94,000 premium in January, on top of his regular paycheck, meaning he has received about $70,000 so far. He will be giving up the premium for the remainder of the year, the bank said.
Badre's annual salary was $379,000 in the fiscal year that ended June 30, according to the World Bank's annual report.
Kim, the World Bank president, was paid $482,080 for the last fiscal year, in addition to other benefits, including a $86,290 allowance to cover expenses.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Modi praise: Cong top brass urged to take action against TharoorDisciplining Tharoor: Kerala unit of Congress asks high command to decide
Our Bureau 
Tweet
Shashi Tharoor
Tharoor has come in for severe criticism for his frequent praise of Modi, the latest being over the Prime Minister’s Clean India campaign.
Kochi, Oct 8:  
The Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee (KPCC), infuriated by party MP Sashi Tharoor’s “frequent adulation” of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, will soon recommend to the party high command to take disciplinary action against him.
Senior State Congress leaders, including KPCC president VM Sudheeran, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy and Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala, who met on Wednesday to consider disciplinary action against Tharoor, however, left the decision to the party top brass.
The KPCC had earlier been expected to decide to serve a show-cause notice on Tharoor at today’s meeting. However, it is said to have hesitated, as Tharoor is a member of the AICC and a national party spokesman appointed by Sonia Gandhi.
Sudheeran told mediapersons that the KPCC will send a report to the party high command and ask that appropriate action be taken against him. He said Tharoor had repeatedly extolled Modi and that this had hurt the Congress cadre who had fought the BJP to get Tharoor elected from Thiruvananthapuram.
The MP from Thiruvananthapuram came in for severe criticism at the meeting for his frequent praise of Modi, the latest being over the Prime Minister’s Clean India campaign. Modi had chosen Tharoor as one of the nine campaign ambassadors.
Tharoor had said, via articles and tweets, that he felt honoured for being invited by the Prime Minister to join the Swachh Bharat campaign. Earlier, he had told a Malayalam newspaper that Modi’s US visit was a success, though nothing concrete had come out of it.
Stiff opposition
All these have been interpreted as Tharoor’s “inching towards the BJP.” The BJP Government has made him the head of the parliamentary committee on foreign affairs.
There was stiff opposition to fielding Tharoor in Thiruvanantharpuram in the recent Lok Sabha election from a section of the party in Kerala, but the national leadership had insisted on his candidature.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Brazils election: waiting for MarinaSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

India Inc may see lower growth in Q2 for FY15: CrisilIndia Inc may see lower growth in second quarter for FY15, says Crisil
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 18:20 IST
The cement industry is expected to see revenue growth of 15-17 per cent(Photo: Reuters)
The domestic industry is likely to log lower revenue growth of 9-10 per cent for the second quarter of the current fiscal due to slower exports expansion and weak performance by the investment sector, research firm Crisil said on Thursday.
On the profitability front, Crisil foresees a 0.5 per cent basis points year-on-year jump in EBITDA (operating profit) margins in Q2 FY15.
"Crisil Research expects India Inc to report a revenue growth of 9-10 per cent year-on-year in the September 2014 quarter, lower than 13 per cent growth reported in the June quarter, due to slower growth in export-oriented sectors and the continued weak performance of investment-linked sectors," the firm said in a release.
The forecast is based on an analysis of 600 companies, except financial services and oil companies, representing 71 per cent of the overall market capitalisation of India Inc.
Export-oriented sectors have been performing extremely well in the past 5 quarters. However, in the July-September quarter, the rupee appreciated by 3 per cent against the US dollar on a yearly basis, so no gains will be reported on that front.
"Despite healthy volume growth, we project revenue growth of IT service providers to decline to an 8-quarter low of 12 per cent. Similarly, revenue growth of the pharmaceutical sector is also forecast to fall to 14 per cent from 16.3 per cent in the preceding quarter," said Crisil Research President Mukesh Agarwal.
In textile sector, cotton spinners are likely to see 9 per cent revenue decline on lower export demand from China.
Automobile and steel sectors are expected to post 12-14 per cent revenue growth on the back of higher sales volumes as well as strong performance of overseas operations of some companies.
FMCG companies are likely to grow by about 15 per cent, propelled by an increase in realisations and superior product mix, Crisil said.
"Investment-linked sectors such as construction and capital goods will continue to perform poorly, as the pace of project execution continues to be tardy," it added.
The research firm said however that the cement industry is forecast to buck the trend and is expected to see revenue growth of 15-17 per cent, driven largely by increase in realisations on a low base of last year.
"The steel and cement sectors will see a 0.9 per cent and 1.8 per cent improvement, respectively, owing to higher realisations," said Prasad Koparkar, Senior Director, Crisil Research.
Crisil expects the IT services' sector margins to improve by about 0.85 per cent due to better employee utilisation.
It said surge in data revenues and cost control will drive a 1.1 per cent expansion in EBITDA margins of telecom operators.

Sensex Hits 2-Month Closing Low; Infosys SlumpsGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Mumbai:
The BSE Sensex fell for a third straight session on Wednesday to its lowest closing level in nearly two months as exporters slumped after weak macroeconomic data stoked worries about global economic growth.
Losses, however, were limited as cyclical stocks gained after the International Monetary Fund raised its FY15 GDP growth estimate for India to 5.6 per cent from 5.4 per cent, raising hopes of a much-talked-about cyclical recovery in the domestic economy. The IMF on Tuesday cut its world growth forecast to 3.3 per cent this year from 3.4 per cent.
Falls in software stocks were accentuated after Citigroup downgraded certain companies including Infosys ahead of its results on Friday.
The downgrades, pinned to recent outperformance and valuations in the export-driven sector, sparked concerns that the July-September earnings may fail to impress heightened expectations of investors.
"A large part of today's fall is due to underperformance in the IT sector," said Vinod Nair, head of fundamental research at Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services Ltd.
Performance in the near term will depend on second-quarter earnings, which are likely to improve by 15 per cent year-on-year compared with a high growth of 26 per cent in the first quarter, as the rupee is weaker, Nair added.
Investors were cautious ahead of the minutes of the U.S. Federal Reserve's last policy meet due later in the day.
The benchmark BSE Sensex fell 0.1 per cent, or 25.18 points, to 26,246.79, while the broader Nifty dropped 0.12 per cent, or 9.70 points, to 7,842.70.
Both the indexes marked their second consecutive close below the 50-day moving average and lowest close since August 14.
Exporters led losses. Infosys fell 4.7 per cent after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "buy", saying "positives are adequately discounted."
Tech Mahindra fell 4.7 per cent after Citigroup cut its rating to "sell" from "neutral", while MindTree lost 4 per cent after a downgrade to "sell" from "buy".
Among other IT stocks, Tata Consultancy services lost 1.8 per cent and Wipro ended down 4 per cent.
Pharmaceutical exporters also declined as investors pared positions ahead of the July-September earnings season.
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries fell 4.2 per cent, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories lost 4.3 per cent and Cipla ended down 2.8 per cent.
Jubilant Foodworks fell 1.2 per cent after rival Yum Brands Inc cut its 2014 earnings forecast on Tuesday.
Sobha Developers lost 2.9 per cent after the company on Tuesday said its September-quarter sales were valued at Rs 559 crore, raising worries the company may not able to meet its full-year guidance, traders said.
Domestic cyclical stocks gained after IMF raised India's growth outlook for FY15. State Bank of India gained 1.9 per cent, Larsen & Toubro rose 2.3 per cent and auto maker Mahindra & Mahindra advanced 1.1 per cent.
Oil companies surged after Brent fell to a 27-month low on concerns about global growth and oil glut.
Hindustan Petroleum Corp surged 5.6 per cent, Indian Oil Corp jumped 6.9 per cent and Bharat Petroleum Corp advanced 3.7 per cent.
Among explorers, Oil and Natural Gas Corp gained 2.4 per cent, while Oil India rose 1.2 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

3 Win Nobel for Super-Zoom MicroscopesKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

SFO claims biofuel group used Ponzi scamSFO claims biofuel group used Ponzi scheme
By Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/234e06d6-4ee1-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

When donating is as easy as using a hashtagBy Matt McFarland October 8 Follow @mattmcfarland
Founder Dale Pfeifer speaks at the GoodWorld launch party. (Dame Coor)
It’s easier than ever to spend money on a cab or music thanks to services such as Uber and iTunes. But how about giving to charity? The start-up GoodWorld wants to let Facebook and Twitter users make donations to their favorite charities by simply using a hashtag.
If a charity registers with GoodWorld, interested donors can use #donate in a tweet or Facebook post and announce their intent to give money to a favorite cause.
With his or her first donation to a GoodWorld partner, a user has to submit their credit card information to GoodWorld. Once that’s complete, using the #donate hashtag will be enough for the money to be automatically sent to the charity.
“What’s really important with giving is that the head, the heart and the action can happen at one time,” said GoodWorld founder Dale Pfeifer. “With online giving people were seeing things and feeling the emotion but had to take like eight steps to go and do it.”
Any tweet saying something like “I #donate $25 to @BeckysFund” is enough to trigger a donation. On Facebook a user needs to post on the charity’s page for the donation to take effect. GoodWorld demonstrated the technology at its launch party Tuesday night at 1776, the Washington incubator it operates out of.
Bill Thoet, chairman of the ALS Association board, was on hand and shared how the Ice Bucket Challenge could’ve been even more successful.
“Everyone who was challenged by someone probably went through eight steps. We have pretty good donation Web sites, but you have to fill out a lot of information. You have to go through that,” Thoet said. “There were a lot more videos out there than there were donations. And I can’t think that there were a lot of procrastinators out there that meant to do it, that wanted to do it, but didn’t go through those steps.”
GoodWorld hopes the public nature of giving it creates will allow every cause to gain attention, mirroring some of the viral success of the Ice Bucket Challenge. What if someone who lost a loved one to cancer wrote a moving post on Facebook, and mentioned their donation? If the post accrued likes and ended up atop every friend’s Newsfeed, it might lead to more donations.
“Imagine what [GoodWorld] could be in conjunction with live events and celebrities,” said co-founder Charles McGuire Wien. “Imagine that big celebrity tweeting out to three million, four million five million people a live donation, actually giving.”
If GoodWorld can get the millions of charities worldwide to sign up, this could dramatically change the nature and ease of giving. For now the start-up has launched with seven charities — ALS Association, Women Thrive WorldWide, Becky’s Fund, Global Kids Inc., Alliance for Peacebuilding, Healthy Living Inc. and Lolly’s Locks. They expect to have 30 signed up shortly.
GoodWorld takes a 7 percent cut of donations, the rest goes to the charity.
Two years ago, Pfeifer, a native of New Zealand, started thinking about creating a service that reduced the barriers to giving after seeing a post on social media about a struggling Afghan educator. She wanted to donate, but was struck by what a pain it was to go through the process.
“I think that social media is going to be the future of how philanthropy is done in the future,” Thoet said. “And it’s sort of not going to be the million dollar donor, it’s going to be the million $5 donors that are driving philanthropy.”
Matt McFarland is the editor of Innovations. He's always looking for the next big thing. You can find him on Twitter and Facebook .

Being a member of Congress is the opposite of being a celebrityBy Emily Heil October 8 Follow @emilyaheil
One of these jobs is better than the other: StevenTyler of Aerosmith, in town to lobby for protection of intellectual property rights of singers and songwriters, performed on the rooftop of 101 Constitution Ave, NW, here with Rep. John Conyers (D-Mich.), who has argued for copyright law revision . (Susan Biddle/NMPA)
Congressional elections are a mere 26 days away , and outside groups alone have spent $330 million so far to either get candidates into Congress or to keep them there. So it must be a pretty great gig, right?
Anti-incumbent political ads sure make it out to be. A series of commercials have hit members for cushy “perks,” such as free gym memberships and taxpayer-funded airfare. It’s true that members’ pay (a rank-and-filer makes $174,000) and benefits are better than the average American’s, but the job definitely isn’t glamorous.
In fact, it’s exactly the opposite of being a celebrity. Here’s how:
Just like a celebrity:  You’re a public figure.
Not like a celebrity: No one recognizes you. Seriously. Chances are, 99.9 percent of Americans couldn’t pick you out of a lineup, and the other 0.1 percent are either related to you, working for you, or hate you. Even top House leaders don’t have memorable faces: Last week, a congressional reporter for CQ thought she was interviewing House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.). Only it was actually Rep. Steve Womack, an Arkansas Republican, who, uh… also has gray hair?
Just like a celebrity: You get driven around a lot.
Not like a celebrity: By a staffer in a 2003 Honda Civic.  The job of driving the boss around typically falls to a junior staffer, who is possibly driving the same hand-me-down sedan his parents gave him in college when they upgraded. Is that a beer stain on the upholstery? It’s better not to ask.
Just like a celebrity: You have a second apartment.
Not like a celebrity: It might be your office. Plenty of members of Congress sleep in their offices, either on the sofa or a folding cot, rather than rent in the D.C. market. Four-star amenities include showers in the gym, an office-bathroom sink for brushing one’s teeth, and a sticky microwave. The alternative is shacking up with colleagues in a group house. At least there’s a Starbucks in the Longworth House Office Building.
Just like a celebrity: Someone prepares all your meals for you.
Not like a celebrity: It’s the guy at the deli. Nothing screams “legendary civil rights hero and senior legislator” like the sight of Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.) trudging home on Pennsylvania Avenue after late votes with a bag from Burrito Brothers. True story.
Just like a celebrity: You get all kinds of free swag.
Not like a celebrity: It’s mostly crap. Ethics rules go easy on gifts worth less than a Hamilton, which means that baseball hats and mugs emblazoned with elementary-school mascots are huge. Many members get so many tchotchkes that they fill up their basement-storage units with the stuff.
Just like a celebrity: You worry constantly about your popularity.
Not like a celebrity: You are unpopular. Really, really unpopular. Things that are better liked than you: head lice, colonoscopies, and cockroaches. Hey, at least you beat the Ebola virus!
Read more Reliable Source:

The Internet of failsInternet of fails: What's wrong with connected devices
By Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery October 8, 2014: 9:46 AM ET
 
Your computer camera could be watching you
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
There's a rush to slap the Internet on everything -- from light bulbs to ovens. The missing disclaimer? Privacy and security are not included.
The consequences of badly written computer code in connected devices range from mild to serious. A criminal who hacks into your Wi-Fi network through your connected thermostat could spot your bank login and steal your money. A hacker could one day turn on your connected oven when you're not home.
"Everyone has the best intentions. and that's why this road to 'Internet of Things' is paved to hell," said Mark Stanislav, a researcher at Duo Security .
Big mistakes have already been made by connected device companies.
TRENDnet was sued last year by the Federal Trade Commission, because its connected cameras didn't limit who could tune in. Creeps were able to watch cameras and spy on you at home.
Tech startup Stem Innovation produced the IZON babycam . The flaw? Strangers could tap into video feeds. The company used unencrypted communication.
Then there's LIFX , which created a smart light bulb that connects to your Wi-Fi. It turns out the light bulb had a flaw that could let hackers into your home network.
LIFX raised $1.3 million on crowdfunding site Kickstarter in 2012. Its just one of many startups selling groundbreaking Internet-connected devices on Kickstarter and rival crowdfunding site Indiegogo .
Stanislav and his partner at Duo Security Zach Lanier worry that crowdfunding sites are becoming a hotspot for unsafe products. By definition, entrepreneurs show up there begging for money to make Internet-connected gadgets. But their cash-strapped projects get just enough support to make the gizmos -- not protect them.
Kickstarter contested that idea. Company spokesman David Gallagher said entrepreneurs on Kickstarter have a more collaborative relationship with the public than large device makers, so "there's ample opportunity to discover problems early on."
"These creators are putting their reputation on the line," Gallagher said. "They have incentive to make something that holds up to scrutiny."
Indiegogo declined to comment for this story.
 
'Shellshock' can hack lights in your house
The problem is twofold, researchers said.
First, businesses are making elementary mistakes. They're not encrypting communication or limiting access to networks. They leave master passwords lying around in the devices' computer code. And they're quickly building software by piecing together existing code like Lego blocks -- without first fixing underlying errors.
Even tiny mistakes could have devastating consequences.
The most recent Internet bug, shellshock , has the potential to let hackers into a network and steal data or control machines . The fact that it was discovered in popular software -- used on millions of devices over the last two decades -- shows the danger in assuming software is vetted or safe. And startups don't have the resources to test them either.
"The small vendors just don't have the experience or resources to deal with this," said Lanier.
Second, the technology needed to make Internet-connected devices is getting cheaper.
"It takes little to no expertise to become a vendor at this point," Lanier said. "The low barrier to entry is $25."
That by itself isn't a problem. But it's drawing in entrepreneurs who don't have enough money to pay a researcher $10,000 to $35,000 to carefully pore over computer code.
Related: Your hackable house
One group of technologists, I Am The Cavalry , has risen to prominence with a related mission: To take a closer look at connected devices and not assume they're safe.
"We don't want to deter people from making connected devices," Stanislav said. "But there's a lot at stake. And you might be getting told things are secure when they're not."
Stanislav and Lanier have launched Builditsecure.ly to connect device makers with the talented researchers who can spot problems. Companies need the help. And hackers are willing to do it for a reward, or even for free -- but only if they won't get threatened for finding holes.
A few tech companies have partnered up with Builditsecure.ly so far: wireless home networking provider Belkin , chip vendor Pinocc.io and others.
CNNMoney is investigating recent hacks. Have you had money stolen from your bank account? Has someone stolen your identity? Share your story .

Rupee Ends Higher at 61.39Why Rupee Hit Nine-Month Low against Dollar
Mumbai: The rupee gained for a third straight session on Wednesday, largely on the back of heavy foreign fund buying of domestic debt while the International Monetary Fund's upward revision in the country's growth outlook also aided sentiment.
The IMF raised India's growth forecast for the fiscal year to March 2015 to 5.6 per cent from 5.4 per cent, while trimming its global growth forecast.
Most emerging Asian currencies, however, fell on Wednesday with Indonesia's rupiah at its weakest in more than eight months as concerns over slowing global growth hurt risk assets.
Traders are awaiting the minutes of the Federal Reserve's September policy meeting due later in the day for immediate direction.
"The IMF forecast for India is good, so there wasn't much panic seen in the domestic markets. Not many domestic triggers likely in the near-term, so expect rangebound trading in the rupee to continue," said Ashtosh Raina, head of foreign exchange trading at HDFC Bank.
"There were good dollar inflows seen in the market today, possibly debt-related inflows. Broadly 61 to 62 should hold on the rupee."
Traders are also awaiting the retail and wholesale inflation data due to be released next week for domestic cues.
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.3950/4050 per dollar compared with 61.43/44 on Tuesday. The rupee had touched 61.3025 on Tuesday - its strongest level since September 26.
Dealers said foreign banks were likely buying domestic debt on behalf of overseas funds on expectations the foreign investment limit in government debt will be raised soon.
Traders will continue to monitor shares for clues on the direction of foreign fund flows. Foreign funds have bought a net $13.95 billion in equities and $20 billion in debt so far in 2014.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.78 while the three-month was at 62.41.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 17:29 (IST)

Ricky Ponting adds fuel to fire  says England clique arebulliesPonting said similar on-field calling out of team-mates would not be tolerated in the Australia side. (Source: Reuters)
Agence-France Presse | London | Posted: October 8, 2014 7:56 pm
Former Australia captain Ricky Ponting has spoken up in support of Kevin Pietersen’s allegations of a “bullying” culture within the England team.
Pietersen, in one of several controversial claims in his recently-published autobiography, accused England’s senior bowlers and wicketkeeper Matt Prior of aggressively demanding apologies from team-mates not in their clique for any mistakes they made while fielding.
Retired off-spinner Graeme Swann, one of the bowlers singled out by Pietersen, said Wednesday there was “absolutely no bullying” but Ponting, Australia’s captain from 2004-11 supported the claims of England’s all-time leading run-scorer.
“We saw them doing it, (James) Anderson was always the same, and Swann,” Ponting told the Sydney Daily Telegraph on Wednesday.
“The pointing of fingers and you’d hear a few expletives if there was a misfield or a dropped catch.
“The guys who were doing it were the so-called leaders. That’s where the captain has got to come in, not wait and let little things turn into big things. That’s what it sounds like has happened in this England team.”
Ponting was not involved in the two most recent Test series between the arch-rivals — England’s 2013 success and Australia’s 2013/14 5-0 whitewash triumph on home spoil after which Pietersen was effectively sacked by the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB).
However, the 39-year-old — on the winning side in several Ashes series but the losing skipper in 2005, 2009 and 2010/11 — insisted the ‘bullying’ observed by former England captain Pietersen had been evident for some time. - ‘Implode pretty quickly’ -
“They had a lot of very good players that were able to achieve a lot of success as a team,” Ponting said.
“But if you could just get inside of them and start pulling them apart, we always had a feeling they would implode pretty quickly and that’s what’s happened over the past 12 months.”
Pietersen tweeted a link to Ponting’s quotes on Twitter with the comment: “PLS READ THIS.”
Meanwhile Ponting said similar on-field calling out of team-mates would not be tolerated in the Australia side.
“If a young bloke had dropped a catch and a bowler went off at him, that’s just not acceptable,” he said.
“No one means to drop a catch, no one means to bowl a bad ball, no one means to play a bad shot. It just happens in a game and you have to accept it and move on,” Ponting added.
Earlier, Michael Vaughan ridiculed a leaked ECB report into Pietersen’s alleged misbehaviour during the Ashes whitewash in Australia.
Among the ‘offences’ of which Pietersen was accused were “staring out the window” and “looking at his watch” during team meetings led by then coach Andy Flower.
It also said he whistled after being dismissed in the final Test in Sydney, and told his team-mates to get thicker skins when they complained of criticism of their performance in tweets by his friend Piers Morgan, the television interviewer, when England were 4-0 down in the Ashes.
Embarrassingly for the ECB, the document also incorrectly spelt England captain Alastair Cook’s name as “Alistair”.

Kerala to take broadband connectivity to allvillagesPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 8, 2014 7:39 pm
Kerala plans to become the first Indian state to take broadband internet connectivity to all villages across the state under the National Optical Fibre Network (NOFN).
After the cabinet meeting, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy said the state envisaged to complete the project by March, 2015, to become the first state to achieve high speed net connectivity in all panchayats. The government would ensure land for laying the optical fibre cable and provide necessary space in all panchayat offices for establishing the network, he said.
The Kerala leg of the NOFN would further require a cable network of 8,00 km and so far 150 km of cable has been already laid. Broadband internet facility is already available in many villages in the state. Kerala has 978 village panchayats in the three-tier local governing system.
A project of Rs 20,000 crore, NOFN envisages to link all village panchayats in the country.

Blippar forays into India; eyes 3-5 mn users in 12monthsPrint
PTI | Posted: October 8, 2014 7:30 pm
Visual browser Blippar aims to partner about 50 big brands in the country to help them offer marketing campaigns with rich and engaging content.
Blippar, which counts global brands like L’Oreal, Universal Pictures and Jaguar among its clients, also expects to add about 3-5 million users for its app in India.
“India has over 100 million smartphone users and USD 5 billion worth of ad and media industry. It presents a big opportunity for us and our clients, who can engage with customers in a new and interesting manner. It uses traditional media like print but is still digital,” Blippar CEO and co-founder Ambarish Mitra told PTI.
He added that the firm aims to bring 40-50 major brands and 3-4 large houses on board in the next 12 months.
Blippar, using augmented reality (AR) technology, allows smartphone users to point their phones’ cameras at certain objects — be it a print advertisement or even a can of aerated drink — to start videos or offer product info.
The company, which has about 25 people in India, is also looking at introducing a solution that will work on mobile connections with low Internet speed.
“In markets like India, connectivity and speed is an issue. Many people are still using 2G. A new product will be out in the next 4-6 weeks to take care of that issue,” he said.
Besides, Blippar is also in discussion with telecom operators and handset makers here to reach a larger base of smartphone users, he added.
Founded in the UK in 2011, Blippar today has over 50 million unique users (post acquiring another AR player, Layar in June this year) and over 50 million global interactions. It has presence in the US, the UK, Spain, Turkey, Japan, Netherlands and Benelux countries and has conducted projects across other countries as well.

Economic Growth Worries Weigh on MarketsKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Fall in crude prices  weak refining margins to hurt RIL s Q2 resultsFall in crude prices, weak refining margins to hurt RIL's Q2 results
Malini Bhupta | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 09:36 PM IST
The September quarter has been volatile for the oil and gas sector, as crude oil prices continued to decline. Lower crude oil prices are good for the government’s exchequer but not for complex refiners such as Reliance Industries. The company is expected to report a modest two or three per cent increase in its net profit year-on-year (y-o-y), driven by lower crude prices and weak refining margins. Though margins in the petrochemical business are expected to improve, weak performance of the refining segment would offset the gains, say analysts. Over several quarters, robust performance of the refining segment has driven earnings growth.
The September quarter is likely to see muted earnings growth, as all the key factors that impact refining margins had underperformed. Product cracks (differential between price of crude and petroleum products) declined. Brent crude dropped seven per cent y-o-y to average $102 a barrel, and the benchmark Singapore gross refining margin (GRM) fell 19 per cent sequentially to $4.7 a barrel. Also, the difference between light and heavy crude narrowed sequentially, which would impact the margins of complex refiners.
Given that the outlook on crude oil remains muted, analysts expect the Singapore GRMs to remain between $6 and $8 a barrel. Some believe the fall in RIL’s GRMs might not be as high as 20 per cent because it will continue to gain from the light-heavy differential. Antique Stock Broking is estimating RIL’s GRM to fall seven per cent quarter-on-quarter to $8.1 a barrel, against a 20 per cent drop in benchmark margins on favourable light-heavy spread.
For Reliance, the issue of gas price increase also remains unresolved. While a segment of the Street is factoring in an increase from the second half of FY15, others believe an increase will be effective only from FY16. Though several brokerages are bullish on the stock, thanks to the massive $13-billion capital expenditure lined up to expand refining and petchem capacity, the company’s earnings cycle will only accelerate from FY17.
Motilal Oswal Securities has a neutral rating on the stock, as the next earnings growth phase is still some time away (FY17), when its new core business/exploration & production (E&P) projects get commissioned. HDFC Securities, on the other hand, believes the current price factors in most of the negatives related to the E&P business. The brokerage believes while FY15/16 should see the initial benefits of capacity adds in polyester and intermediates, FY17 could see a quantum shift.

Snap Fitness India eyes IPO after a yearSnap Fitness India eyes IPO after a year
Sounak Mitra | New Delhi Oct 08, 2014 07:08 PM IST
Bangalore-based Snap Fitness India, the Indian master franchisee of Minneapolis, US-based fitness chain Snap Fitness that operates round-the-clock, is looking at an initial public offering (IPO) after a year when it completes 100 centres across the country.
The company, which was planning to raise about $8-10 million from private equity (PE) investors for less than 30% equity, did not go for PE due to valuation mismatch, said CEO Vikram BM. PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) was working for the company in the proposed fund raising exercise.
Over the next year, Vikram said, Snap Fitness India will have more than 100 centres, of which about 30 would be company owned. "With 30 company owned stores, we could easily look at hitting the market," he said. In India, only Talwalkars Better Value Fitness Ltd is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange. Meanwhile, Snap Fitness India's master franchisee Force Fitness may also look for a pre-IPO placement if it manages to get expected valuation.
Snap Fitness entered India in 2008 with its first centre in Bangalore. At present, there are about 50 Snap Fitness centres in India, of which 33 are located in Bangalore. The company is now plans to open centres in tier-I, tier-II and tier-III cities to take the number of total centres to 300 over the next three years. Of these, about 30 would be company owned. However, if the company gets external funding, they will open 100 company owned centres. While the company operates 24 hours a day, it may look at keeping centres in smaller cities closed at night.
Snap Fitness centres, in sizes of 3,000 sq ft, 4,000 sq ft and 5,000 sq ft, typically entail an investment of between Rs 1.2 crore and Rs 1.5 crore each. It follows a 'hub-and-spoke' model, where it will have one company-owned centre and close to four franchise-run locations built around that area. Over the next three years, the company and its franchises will spend about Rs 350 crore.
Its flagship stores earn about Rs 1.6 crore to Rs 1.8 crore annually, while about 50% of the earning goes to meet operational expenses.
The fitness industry in India is estimated to cross Rs 6,000 crore by 2015 while more than 95% of the sector is still unorganised. Organised brands like Talwalkers, Gold's Gym and Snap Fitness contribute the remaining.
 

BEML bags Rs 570 crore order from Delhi MetroBEML bags Rs 570 crore order from Delhi Metro
BS Reporter | Bangalore Oct 08, 2014 06:48 PM IST
BEML Limited, the public sector undertaking engaged in the manufacture of metro cars and defence equipment, today said it has bagged a Rs 570 crore from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) for supply of 70 cars. It is already producing 92 cars for Delhi Metro.
With this order, the company's order book position representing all the three business verticals such as Mining & Construction, Rail & Metro and Defence Business, crossed Rs 6,400 crore mark.
BEML forayed into manufacture and supply of Metro Cars in 2002. Since then, it has bagged orders from Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation, Jaipur Metro and DMRC. BEML has so far supplied more than 700 Metro Cars to Delhi Metro, Bangalore Metro and Jaipur Metro, the company said in a statement.

Olam looks to co-invest in Africa© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f31ab60-4ae7-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hrithik Roshan s  Bang Bang  box office collections beat Pakistan s  Operation 021  after rowE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

FRC to name annual report offendersFRC to name and shame companies forced to correct annual reports
By Alison Smith, Chief Corporate Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/75988a50-4ed3-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola: Sierra Leone by the numbers (24/7 Wall St.)Among the most troubling aspects of the spread of the Ebola virus is that the nations hit hardest are among the poorest in the world and, therefore, have few resources to treat those with the disease and prevent its spreading.
Sierra Leone ranks 110th among all nations based on population, at 6.2 million.
Measured by gross domestic product (GDP) (nominal) it ranks 83rd at $43.6 billion. Based on annual GDP (nominal), Sierra Leone ranks 148th at $4.7 billion, according to the International Monetary Fund (IMF). GDP per capita was $1,927 last year.
The CIA World Factbook’s evaluation of the Sierra Leone economy is grim, with much of the cause being corruption. However, mining could be a key to growth:
Sierra Leone is extremely poor. Nearly half of the working-age population engages in subsistence agriculture. The country possesses substantial mineral, agricultural, and fishery resources, but it is still recovering from a civil war that ended in the early 2000s that destroyed most institutions. In recent years economic growth has been driven by mining — particularly of iron ore and oil exploration. The country exports rutile, diamonds, and bauxite, and is vulnerable to fluctuations in international commodity prices. The country relies on external assistance to meet its budgetary needs; overseas grants make up one-fourth of total revenue. Corruption is a hindrance to foreign investment, although from 2011 to 2012 the country’s Anti-Corruption Commission increased convictions of high-level officials from nine to 22 and recovered millions of dollars. In December 2013, the US Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC) did not hold a vote on the reselection of Sierra Leone because the country did not pass MCC’s Scorecard Corruption indicator; however, MCC continues compact development through a more limited engagement.
Comments from the IMF’s most recent official visit to the country in April are more sanguine:
Economic activity continues to expand robustly, mainly on account of a sharp increase in mining activity. Output expanded by an estimated 20 percent in 2013, 5½ percent excluding iron-ore mining activity. Reflecting subdued food prices, inflation has also continued to decelerate to 8½ percent at end-2013. Gross international reserves reached 3½ months of import cover, supported by increased export receipts from iron ore. The fiscal position improved, reflecting a strong revenue performance and expenditure restraint. The overall fiscal deficit is estimated to have narrowed to 1.9 percent of non-iron ore GDP, from 5.6 percent in 2012.
Program implementation remained good. At the end of December 2013, all quantitative performance criteria were met; and all quantitative indicative targets, but one, were observed. The indicative floor on poverty-related spending was lower than programmed mainly because of slower-than-expected execution of investment financed domestically. Structural reform measures planned for the end of December were also implemented on time.
However, these reforms may be undermined or delayed as the country fights the Ebola epidemic and some of its economic activity is harmed by a slowdown in exports and fear by businesses to keep people in the country.

Hack of JP Morgan doesnt scare millenials away from the InternetGeorge Washington University students promote the use of  strong passwords as part of cyber security awareness month. (Photo: Joann Weiner)
JPMorgan Chase: 83 million accounts. Home Depot: 56 million payment cards. Target: 110 million shoppers.
Those numbers reflect three large cyberattacks that have taken place in the United States since last December, when Target, America’s third-largest retailer, said hackers had stolen information on 40 million debit and credit card accounts.  Target later said hackers had accessed personal information for 70 million accounts.
Home Depot recently admitted that malicious software, or “malware,” had been on its system for the past six months. JPMorgan Chase  & Co., America’s largest bank, reassured its customers by saying that there was no evidence that account information, such as passwords and Social Security numbers was compromised. Names, addresses, phone numbers and e-mail addresses of account holders were accessed.
The companies have indicated that their clients won’t be liable for fraudulent charges as a result of these data breaches. (JPMorgan indicated that customers must “promptly alert” the firm about any unauthorized transactions.)
Cyberattacks aren’t limited to giant retailers and financial institutions. Hackers also go after celebrities and, in recent weeks, have posted for public view photos that actresses like Jennifer Lawrence had intended for her own private cloud.
With all of these high-profile data breaches, you’d think that even though people can’t do anything about how Target and JP Morgan protect their data, everyone would at least be paying attention to how they protect their own computers from being hacked. They’d know to follow the basic practices of installing antivirus software, creating strong passwords, and being careful about what they share online, especially since the experts say that protecting the internet from hackers is a collective responsibility.
But, you would be wrong, as Jen Havermann, a cybersecurity engineering manager at Raytheon, explained to me over the phone.
“Many in the millennial generation appear to have a ‘so what’ attitude when it comes to Internet security,” Havermann said. “They, of course, don’t want their bank accounts drained, so they’re careful with passwords on those accounts, but they may not be quite as diligent in terms of keeping their system secure as a way of protecting the entire Internet from malicious hackers.”
“They’ve grown up in a connected world where everything is connected, meaning that everything is vulnerable,” she emphasized. “To be good citizens of the network, we must make sure that we do what we need to do to protect the system.”
“We all drive cars and keep them maintained to protect others. So why don’t we think we need to maintain our personal computers to protect others,” she asked.
That same notion of both the vulnerability and collective responsibility on the Internet appeared at a session on “Hack or Crack? How Strong Do You Think Your Password Is?” held on Monday in Tompkins Hall of Engineering at the George Washington University as part of National Cyber Security Awareness Month .
A group of GWU students were demonstrating how quickly a password-hacking program called “John the Ripper” can hack a password. After warning me not to use my real password, they asked me to type in a password and see how long it would take “John the Ripper” to figure it out.
A simple password, like “bear” took less than a minute to crack. A more complicated password like “GwU2014&” with a combination of numbers, capital letters, and symbols would have taken an estimated 24 years to crack. But even that password wasn’t all that strong.
A graduate student in systems engineering who was helping me choose my passwords is very aware of the importance of a strong password, especially for the vulnerable points in their online activity. To keep hackers away, her Facebook account password is really long and filled with symbols. It would take “John the Ripper” about 10,000 years to crack her code. Gayatri Mudaliar who is studying for a master’s degree in computer science had put her strongest password on her e-mail account because her most important personal information could be accessed through that account. She also changes it every six months.
So, these computer science and systems engineering students know the importance of having a strong password. They also know that they are vulnerable to weaknesses in the network — including people with weak passwords. (So do I. I have made my passwords much longer and added lots of symbols to them.)
They also understand the motivation of computer hackers, like the ones who broke into JPMorgan Chase’s accounts.
“’Cuz I can,” said Neel Shah, a sophomore majoring in computer science, as to why hackers do what they do. He then told me all about DefCon , the gigantic computer hackers’ conference that’s been around since 1993.
Hacking or being hacked is a part of their online world.
Many of them had been phished or hacked at some point, whether via an e-mail asking for funds to be deposited in a Nigerian bank account or via their own e-mail account being used to send spam email to their contacts.
They also aren’t impressed by attempts to erase information that’s on the Internet and have little faith that efforts, such as eliminating links to certain Web sites, will actually prevent people from getting that information.
To check, I asked them about the ability to enforce the “ right to be forgotten ” in online searches that stems from a European Court of Justice ruling earlier this year that while a newspaper could keep the offending articles on its own Web site, Google, if requested, must remove links to certain articles that come up on a search that are “inadequate, irrelevant or no longer relevant, or excessive in relation to the purposes for which they were processed and in the light of the time that has elapsed.” In the past three months, Google has received some 135,000 requests to remove around 470,000 such links.
The students aren’t convinced that these efforts will be successful.
“The information’s still out there. Someone else will just invent another way to find the information,” said Mike Sequino, a freshman computer science major.
Jack Shannon, a senior computer science major, agreed. “It’s unrealistic to expect that anything that’s on the Web will ever be forgotten.”
Thinking back on his own online history, Neel Shah shrugged, adding “Everything I’ve ever put on Facebook is there. Even if I delete my Facebook account, Facebook still keeps my information.”
The cybersecurity engineer at Raytheon agrees.
“Once the information is out there, it’ll never be forgotten or go away. The best thing you can do is to not put it there in the first place,” Havermann stressed.
That’s advice that is as applicable to JPMorgan Chase, Home Depot and Target, as it is to the rest of us.
Joann Weiner teaches economics at George Washington University. She has written for Bloomberg, Politics Daily, and Tax Analysts and worked as an economist at the U.S. Treasury Department. Follow her on Twitter @DCEcon .

Why drawing congressional districts by race is a terrible ideaBy Christopher Ingraham October 8 Follow @_cingraham
Yesterday a panel of federal judges  threw out Virginia's congressional map , ruling that Republican lawmakers concentrated black voters in one district, with the intent to dilute their political clout everywhere else in the state.
The district in question, Virginia's 3rd (pictured above), is the least-compact district in the state  -- meaning lawmakers have drawn it with sprawling, irregular boundaries, in this case for the purpose of pulling in black voters from a number of Virginia metro areas. It's also one of the least compact in the nation.
Per a Justice Department directive following the Voting Rights Act (VRA), the district has been majority-black since it was drawn in 1992 and has been held since then by Democrat Bobby Scott. As Wonkblog  explained last year , the Justice Department has used Section 5 of the VRA to promote the creation of majority-minority districts in certain states. The idea was to ensure that traditionally oppressed groups, blacks in particular, would be guaranteed adequate representation in Congress.
But soon the law of unintended consequences kicked in, as the Virginia case so clearly illustrates. If you take a group of black voters and put them all in one district - Virginia's 3rd, for instance - by necessity you diminish their political clout everywhere else in the state, an effect that is well-documented in the political science literature . Black voters would be heavily over-represented in the third district, but under-represented everywhere else. This would make it easier for candidates in other districts to disregard the concerns of black voters completely.
It wasn't long before Republicans discovered that they could exploit this finding to their advantage. Political scientist David Epstein has found that in the South, each extra majority-minority district has the effect of getting two extra Republicans elected in surrounding districts.
The Supreme Court essentially rendered Section 5 of the VRA null last year. With that, we've seen a handful of novel lawsuits whereby Democrats are suing to get majority-minority districts overturned. A Florida judge voided two districts in that state earlier this year, citing racial gerrymandering in one of them. A similar case in Alabama will be argued before the U.S. Supreme Court next month.
As my colleagues write today , these cases "have sometimes created tensions between minority groups and the Democrats they most often favor. Black incumbents especially want to make sure that districts remain safe for reelection, while other Democrats want minority voters more dispersed to increase the party’s chances of winning more races."
This was certainly the case in Florida. Democratic incumbent Corrine Brown was stridently opposed to redrawing her district. She had actually partnered with state Republicans to draw that district back in the 1990s.
So far that hasn't been the case in Virginia -- Bobby Scott issued a neutrally-worded statement saying he supports fair districts, and left it at that.
Overall, the case presents yet another compelling argument for why we should take politicians out of the redistricting process completely, as California and, to a lesser extent, Arizona have done. Better yet, we could take the process out of human hands altogether .
It would be a trivial task to use a computer algorithm to generate compact equal-population districts that follow Census block boundaries. Software engineer Brian Olson has already done i t. Here's a comparison of how Virginia's congressional districts currently look, and how they would look with algorithmically-drawn boundaries:
Current districts:
Algorithmically-drawn districts:
Brian Olson
The knock against computer-drawn districts, of course, is that they won't necessarily reflect "communities of interest" -- that is, some common denominator among a district's residents, whether it be racial, economic, cultural, geographic or what-have-you.
But when we allow politicians to define communities of interest to their liking, it opens up the door to all manner of redistricting shenanigans. It creates fertile ground for self-interest to thrive.
The questions boils down to whether whether people in a given district are similar to each other on any given demographic measure or whether the political process is free, fair and democratic. And there's a much better chance of that happening if we stop letting politicians choose their electorate by drawing their own boundaries.
Christopher Ingraham writes about politics, drug policy and all things data. He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center.

Data leak at largest U.S. bond insurer left personal accounts visible via a Google searchBy Andrea Peterson October 7 Follow @kansasalps
(REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/Files)
A parade of headlines over the past year have warned of the dangers of cyberattacks, with big retailers and the financial industry falling victim to hackers who leave only faint digital trails in their wake. But sometimes, big data leaks or breaches are just the result of simple human errors.
The private account numbers of ordinary Americans and municipal governments were exposed accidentally on the Web by a subsidiary of MBIA, the nation’s largest bond insurer, allowing anyone through a Google search to find that personal data, two security experts said.
It is not known how many accounts were exposed or how long the data was at risk. But one of the security analysts said the information could have impacted hundreds if not thousands of customers and been publicly available for years.
MBIA, which guarantees payments to bondholders in case their bonds goes sour, declined to confirm or deny that the information was exposed online by its subsidiary. But company spokesperson Kevin Brown said the company has contacted current clients about the data leak Monday evening and was reaching out to past clients throughout Tuesday.
"We have been notified that certain information related to clients of MBIA's asset management subsidiary, Cutwater Asset Management, may have been illegally accessed,” Brown told the Washington Post. “We are conducting a thorough investigation and will take all measures necessary to protect our customers' data, secure our systems, and preserve evidence for law enforcement." On its Web site, Cutwater states it manages $23 billion in assets.
Independent security researcher Bryan Seely of Seely Security , who along with cybersecurity researchers at Rhino Security Lab discovered the issue, said the leak was the result of a mistakenly configured Oracle Reports database server which spewed information meant to be confined behind the digital walls of a trusted private network onto the Internet at large.
The data leaks were  first  reported by investigative journalist Brian Krebs, who runs the Web site krebsonsecurity.com.
Sensitive client data including account numbers, balances, and even a page listing administrative credentials was laid bare and made accessible by search engines, according to Krebs and Seely. The documents included the forms and detailed instructions on how to add new bank accounts for deposits in some cases, Seely said.
This type of information is potentially more sensitive than credit card accounts, which are generally backed by banks in the case of fraudulent activity. MBIA's leak could have been used to compromise millions of dollars in investments, said Seely.
The exposure must have gone unnoticed by malicious hackers, otherwise it would have already been exploited, Seely contended. "It could have very easily been discovered by someone else without scruples," Seely said, likening the incident to a bank vault door left wide open.
When Seely attempted to contact MBIA about the issue, the company wouldn’t return his calls, he said. Screenshots Seely shared with the Washington Post appear to show him reaching out to a member of MBIA’s leadership two weeks ago on LinkedIn to explain the problem, but he did not get a response. Brown confirmed that Seely repeatedly contacted MBIA about the issue, but said the company believed Seely was attempting to sell them a service despite explicit statements to the contrary in Seely's messages.
The weakness in the Oracle Reports database identified by Seely is a well-known one in technology circles. In fact, Oracle identified it and provided a patch in 2012. But it is not known whether MBIA applied that fix to its systems — the company declined comment on that matter. Other firms and organizations have also encountered the issue. In September, Seely told CNN that the flaw exposed sensitive personal information about students at major universities and some government agencies.
"MBIA was the most egregious of the finds because it showed account numbers and authorized signers on accounts," among other things, Seely said.
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

New delisting  insider trading norms next monthThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tendulkar attends Air Force Day celebrationsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India-themed funds dominate in 2014 as investors cheer ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cloud computing player 8K Miles Q2 net jumpsCloud computing player 8K Miles Q2 net jumps
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 8:  
8K Miles Software Services, the only publicly traded cloud solutions provider in the country, today reported an over three-fold spike in net profit at Rs 4.15 crore for three months till September.
The company, which has DSP Blackrock MF and Sundaram BNP Paribas MF as investors, reported a four—fold revenue growth to Rs 27.08 crore, which is more than the full-year income of the Silicon Valley based company reported last fiscal, it said in a statement.
“We grew our revenue significantly in this quarter on account of rapid growth in the cloud—managed services, which helped us surpass our FY14 revenue and profit. Going forward we see strong interest from large enterprises for both our cloud and EzIAM SaaS solutions, 8KMiles founder—Chairman and Managing Director Suresh Venkatachari told PTI.
Reacting to the news, the company shares hit the circuit— breaker and soared 5 per cent to Rs 543.45 on the BSE, whose main index shed 25 points.
Though registered in Chennai and listed on the BSE, 8K Miles boasts of global biggies like Amazon, IBM, CA Technologies, Visa, AirAsia, among others, as clients and draws over 75 per cent of its revenue from the US and only 10-15 per cent from the home market.
8K Miles is a leading secure cloud solutions and services company and helps clients in cloud engineering, migration, managed services, security and identity management services. It offers turnkey solutions on big data and mobility for SMEs among others.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Tamil Nadu cautions online dealers to pay taxes promptly or face actionTamil Nadu cautions online dealers to pay taxes promptly or face action
BS Reporter | Chennai Oct 08, 2014 07:52 PM IST
At a time when the flash sales in e-commerce major Flipkart and discounting by various e-commerce sites has attracted attention of the public, traders and the Union government, the Government of Tamil Nadu has said that the recent investigations reveal that e-commerce dealers has evaded tax and cautioned the public to alert the government on any such activities.
The Commercial Taxes Department of the Government of Tamil Nadu said that recent investigations undertaken by the Department reveal that certain dealers involved in online trading have indulged in tax evasion by not declaring the turnover on online sales. Such dealers have not paid the Value Added Tax (VAT) due thereon to the Government on sales effected through e-commerce portals.
""Commercial Taxes Department is verifying bank transactions made on e-commerce portals for suppression of sales and legitimate tax due to Government and the tax recovered as per provisions of TNVAT Act 2006. Further such dealers evading tax are warned of prosecution under Section 71 of Tamil Nadu Value Added Tax Act, 2006," said a release issued by the Department.
In one such instance, a dealer has made sales online for several crores of rupees but reported a small portion of such turnover to the Government for which legal action is being pursued to collect tax due including interest and penalty, it said.
It further clarified that the Tamil Nadu VAT is payable on online purchase of any goods, including downloaded software, e-book, songs etc, by a consumer in Tamil Nadu from an online retailer delivering goods from Tamil Nadu. In case the online retailer delivers goods from Tamil Nadu to a consumer in another state, Central Sales Tax is payable and in case of sale of motor vehicles from within Tamil Nadu or outside the State to a consumer in Tamil Nadu, entry tax shall be paid by the online seller or importer of such vehicle into Tamil Nadu.
The Department cautioned dealers to disclose and pay the taxes on all transactions through e-commerce portals or face punitive action. It also requested the citizens to insist on tax invoices containing necessary details while effecting online purchases, which would enhance their consumer rights and to inform the Department about any violation of these rules.
It may be noted that the retailers across the country has came up with complaints against the flash sales and discounts offered by the e-commerce website and the e-commerce major Flipkart had to apologise for not adequately preparing to host a bumper discount sales event 'Big Billion Day' it held on Tuesday.
 

LME wins UK appeal over metals deliveryLME wins UK appeal over metals delivery
By Thomas Hale and Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/297cd032-4edc-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How disappointing was the Nats loss It only scrapes the surface of D.C. sports miseryBy Sarah Larimer October 8 Follow @slarimer
Washington Nationals players expressed a mixture of pride and regret after their loss to the Giants on Tuesday, with some already looking forward to spring training. (Whitney Leaming/The Washington Post)
Hey guys. How’s everyone doing today? Actually … never mind. Don’t answer. We know. We all know.
After finishing the regular season with the best record in the National League , the Washington Nationals on Tuesday fell to the San Francisco Giants in a 3-2 loss that knocked them out in the first round of the playoffs of the second time in three years . It was rough, but it was also not an unfamiliar story for D.C. sports fans, who have experienced their share of heartbreak over the past few years.
Let’s relive a few of the lowlights now. Wallowing can be cathartic, after all.
The Washington Capitals show the Washington Nationals how it’s done (And by “it” we mean emotional devastation)
Alex Ovechkin and Sidney Crosby meet after Game 7 in 2009. (Toni L. Sandys/Washington Post)
“The reason they won the game is because they outworked us,” Caps forward Brooks Laich said in 2009, after Washington’s Game 7 loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins . “It’s not easy to stand here and say that we’ve been outworked in our building in a Game 7. That’s not something that’s easy to say, but I’m sure we’re going to have to think about that for a long time.”
So, yeah, they thought about that for a long time and going forward … well … um …
Alex Ovechkin gets a hug from Andrei Markov after Game 7 in 2010. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)
“It really hurts,” Eric Fehr said a year later, after the Caps lost to the Montreal Canadiens in the Eastern Conference quarterfinals . “We thought we had a really good chance to make a good run. It seemed like we had everything going heading into the playoffs . . . but come playoff time, we couldn’t get it all going at the same time.”
In 2010, the Washington Capitals entered the postseason a No. 1 seed, with the top-ranked offense and a killer power-play unit. Expectations were sky high. (Insert your own Nats comparisons here.)
But I’m sure the Caps thought some more about that demoralizing loss, and really worked on turning things arou—
“I thought we did some really good things,” Laich told ESPN a few years later, when the Caps lost to the Rangers in the 2012 playoffs . “The way it ended last year, the way it ended this year, I thought we took more positive steps. I thought we were a lot closer this year than last year. I think we play the right way. We played a very good hockey team, and they were just able to get one more goal.”
THINK HARDER, GUYS.
114-113
Damon Jones hits the game-winning shot in overtime with Antawn Jamison and Caron Butler defending. (Jonathan Newton/Washington Post)
What’s your favorite crowd reaction face to this game-winning Damon Jones shot? Personally, I like Shocked Hands on Face Lady in the front, but Gaped-Mouth Bro in the corner is a strong contender.
Robert Griffin III’s professional career with the Washington Redskins becomes so fraught with angst and despair that it is actually impossible to pick a lowlight
No, wait, that’s not true at all it was definitely this:
RobertGriffin III twists his knee as he reaches for the loose ball in January 2013. (Matt Slocum/AP)
Washington lost its first home playoff game in more than a decade, and we all learned that orthopedist James Andrews has surprisingly decent fashion sense , but the most important image from that January night in 2013 is the one above.
Also, the injury happened in a game against the Seattle Seahawks, which possibly makes it even worse .
The 2012 Washington Nationals explore the depths of human suffering
Drew Storen sits in the clubhouse after the Washington Nationals Game 5 loss to the St. Louis Cardinals in 2012. (John McDonnell/Washington Post)
Take it away, Adam Kilgore :
The question of how baseball could be so cruel to this city may be answered some day. It existed in horrible form in the nation’s capital for decades, and then it vanished for 33 years. It came back gnarled and wretched for seven more seasons, only to yield to this blissful summer, to the moment Friday past midnight when Drew Storen stood on the mound at chilled Nationals Park and, with two outs in the ninth inning, threw 13 pitches that could have moved the Washington Nationals four wins from the World Series.
The St. Louis Cardinals would not allow it. Baseball, this town’s cold mistress, the sport that dares you to love it, would not let it happen. The Nationals led the Cardinals by six runs after three innings. They led by two runs after eight innings. Washington’s miserable relationship with baseball had been exorcised, until it materialized in a more wrenching, twisted fashion than ever seen before.
Oof. That brings us to to Tuesday night , and this:
Everyone is miserable and sports are the worst
The Nats react after shortstop Ian Desmond was called out on strikes on a check swing. (Kelley L Cox/USA Today Sports)
Hunter Pence celebrates his sixth-inning catch. (Ezra Shaw/Getty Images)
Denard Span and Anthony Rendon watch the final at-bats in the ninth inning. (John McDonnell/Washington Post)

China bond default  Dont panic© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/c9d3a508-a417-11e3-aa85-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investors set to cheer China bond defaultInvestors and economists poised to cheer China bond default
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong and Simon Rabinovitch in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/341118c8-a441-11e3-b915-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thailand set to tap unspent billionsThailand set to tap unspent billions in effort to create jobs
By Michael Peel in Bangkok
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b3667b6-4937-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Military men fill top Thai cabinet postsMilitary men fill top Thai cabinet posts
By Michael Peel in Bangkok
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/728d8158-31a0-11e4-b377-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Everything will be fine: PM Narendra Modi about Pak bordersituationPrint
Everything will be fine soon, Modi said on being asked about ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
Written by Pranav Kulkarni , Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 8:52 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 7:47 am
Hours after India warned Pakistan of an “effective and appropriate” response to ceasefire violations along the border, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday hinted at an early resolution, saying “everything will be fine soon”.
The Prime Minister’s remark was in response to a reporter’s query during an at-home gathering at the official residence of Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha on the 82nd Air Force Day. Modi was seen speaking to Army Chief General Dalbir Singh.
Earlier in the day, Raha told reporters that the border “matter is serious” but the government and security forces were doing their best to return the situation to normal.
“India wants good relations with its neighbours… a number of steps are being taken… We are all concerned. Efforts are being made to bring this to an end,” Raha said.
Top government sources ruled out any talks till Pakistan stopped its attacks. “It was the Pakistani side which started the ceasefire violation. There will be no talks till the shelling stops,” a senior official said. “Pakistan should stop (firing). We did not escalate the situation and we are not going to give in to coercive diplomacy.”
Addressing election rallies in Karnal, Faridabad and Kaithal in Haryana, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh assured people living in the border villages of Jammu and Kashmir that they would soon return to their homes since the Pakistani “misadventure” was being responded to adequately.
“The situation in India has changed and Pakistan should understand this,” he said. Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju said India will continue to respond to ceasefire violations. “There is not going to be any flag meeting because our forces are responding appropriately. We will see whatever outcome is there,” he said.
In Jammu, Jitendra Singh, Minister of State in the PMO, said: “There are indications that Pakistani Army is also with the Rangers.” He said the BSF had taken appropriate action. “There is a befitting reply from Indian side and the other side is also realising that the manner in which they are suffering casualties.”
A PTI report from the United Nations headquarters said Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has asked India and Pakistan to resolve their issues diplomatically and through dialogue. Late Wednesday night, fresh firing from Pakistan was reported in Akhnoor.
On Tuesday, the BSF fired 10,000 medium machine gun rounds, the maximum since the clashes at the border. “The jawans have been told to fire with all might and there is no let-up from our side. We still stand by our decision not to hold flag meetings or call up the Pakistan Rangers,” an official said.
Away from the International Border, firing was also reported along the Line of Control. Starting 1.30 pm Tuesday, it continued until 7 am Wednesday. Sources said that the Pakistani fire, which involved automatic weapons continued…

First US Ebola patient dies in Dallas
Theres something very interesting happening in South DakotaBy Aaron Blake October 8 Follow @aaronblakewp
Mike Rounds speaks while debating U.S. Senate candidates Rick Weiland, Larry Pressler and Gordon Howie on Aug. 20 at Dakotafest in Mitchell, S.D. (AP Photo/Argus Leader, Elisha Page)
A new poll of the South Dakota Senate race shows former three-term GOP senator Larry Pressler, now running as an independent, has surged into second place and is within the margin of error against former governor Mike Rounds (R).
The poll, from automated pollster SurveyUSA , shows Rounds at 35 percent, Pressler at 32 percent and Democrat Rick Weiland at 28 percent. A month ago, Rounds led Weiland by 11 points, while Pressler trailed just behind Weiland in third place.
So do we have another Greg Orman situation on our hands?
Well, possibly. But it's too early to say for certain.
Here's what we do know:
1) Other polls have shown Pressler gaining, but not to this extent. A poll from Democratic-leaning automated pollster Public Policy Polling last week still showed Pressler in third place, 11 points behind Rounds. And another poll from Nielsen Brothers showed much the same thing, with Pressler 15 points back.
This is the first poll to show Rounds in such serious trouble, against either Weiland or Pressler.
2) Rounds has never looked he'd win in a absolute blowout, either. Despite national Democrats having largely thrown in the towel from the start, Rounds hasn't looked overly strong. In fact, he hasn't polled above 44 percent his year.
You might think that's because he's facing a former Republican senator who is pulling votes from him. But actually, polls show Pressler is competing for votes more with Weiland. In fact, the new SurveyUSA poll shows a race without Weiland would favor Pressler by 15 points (!), 54-39. (That's pretty Orman-esque.) And PPP has Rounds's favorable/unfavorable split 41/51.
Clearly, the once-popular governor isn't a world-beater. Then again, he doesn't need to be in a three-way race. He only needs a plurality.
3) Speaking of money, Pressler doesn't have much. Whatever momentum the former senator has, he might struggle down the stretch thanks to a lack of funds. He has only raised about $100,000 so far for his entire campaign and has self-funded another $200,000. He had $151,000 in the bank , as of Sept. 30.
Rounds, meanwhile, raised $830,000 over the past three months alone and had $1.1 million in the bank as of Sept. 30. And a group just went up with a $1 million ad campaign to boost Weiland .
4) Rounds hasn't gone negative. While Rounds has endured negative ads, he thus far hasn't gone negative himself. If he does, you'll know that his campaign is getting concerned.
5) It's turning into a very interesting election year for independents. Orman is favored to knock off an incumbent senator in Kansas, independent Bill Walker has a great shot at beating Alaska Gov. Sean Parnell (R) in a very similar setup in which the Democrat dropped out, and now we've got Pressler threatening in South Dakota.
The Senate  has never had more than the two independents it currently has . Come January, it's at least plausible that it could have four. And if Orman's potential win (and his refusal to say with whom he'd caucus) has already complicated the GOP's majority math, try inserting two new independent senators to the mix.
But first, let's wait and see if other polls show such a scary situation for Rounds.
Update 3:25 p.m.: Democrats clearly think there's an opening here, with Bloomberg reporting that the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee will spend $1 million in this heretofore neglected state.
The money will apparently be used against Rounds in hopes that either Pressler or Weiland shoots the gap.

D.C. Taxi protest closes some streets  but no major delaysBy Lori Aratani October 8 Follow @loriara
A line of taxis wait to pick up passengers at Union Station on May 5. (Nikki Kahn/The Washington Post)
D.C. taxi drivers caused traffic delays in downtown D.C. midday Wednesday as they drove as a caravan  in protest of new rules that will allow app-based services such as uberX, Lyft and Sidecar to operate in the District permanently. While there were no major traffic problems, the cab drivers did create plenty of noise with honking horns, delays around Pennsylvania Avenue and 14th Street NW. A twitter picture also showed a driver possibly being arrested by D.C. police. We will update this post as we learn more.
A similar protest in June snarled traffic in the downtown area for several hours.
On Wednesday morning, taxi cab drivers tried to drive in a caravan from Haines Point to Freedom Plaza at 14th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue NW. At times, they couldn’t stay together because of stop lights and other cars passing by. They did cause some temporary road closures and traffic delays as they got closer to Freedom Plaza and the Wilson building around lunch time. Just after noon, police closed Pennsylvania Avenue between 12th and 14th streets NW.
Some following the protest tweeted –
Stay away from Freedom Plaza if you want to avoid a bad jam. @wusa9 @wamu885news pic.twitter.com/ju0f6ovL7y
— Martin Di Caro (@MartinDiCaro) October 8, 2014 There was a also social media report of a cab driver being “taken out of car physically in handcuffs,” according to Jim MacKay with WNEW.
Cabbie that either wouldn’t move or get out of cab, taken out of car physically in hand cuffs @WNEW pic.twitter.com/zTahDGEtwz
— JimMacKayWNEW (@JimMacKayWNEW) October 8, 2014 Cabbies were told not to block traffic, so they said they’d circle Freedom Plaza. Not working. @wusa9 @wamu885news pic.twitter.com/wiQuWL7FRA
— Martin Di Caro (@MartinDiCaro) October 8, 2014
 The taxi drivers had said they were protesting legislation, sponsored by Council members Mary Cheh (D-Ward 3) and David Grosso (I-At Large), that they say creates a two-tier system. The legislation received initial approval from the council Tuesday and will likely go back to the council for a final vote later this month.
Dana Hedgpeth contributed to this report.
Lori Aratani writes about how people live, work and play in the D.C. region for The Post’s Transportation and Development team.

The only place where people go to sleep at midnght: BrooklynBy Roberto A. Ferdman October 8 Follow @robferdman
No sleep till (after midnight in) Brooklyn. (Thinkfilm/AP)
America's earliest risers live in Arizona. The country's biggest snoozers live in Michigan. Hawaiians are in bed before anyone else. And New Yorkers really are the last ones standing at the party (or awake, at home, watching Netflix).
That's according to Jawbone, the maker of the popular fitness tracker by the same name, which  crunched data  on over one million sleep patterns across every county in the country to estimate the average bedtime and wake time for Americans all over the United States.
To be clear, the people Jawbone analyzed are those who own and use a Jawbone device, meaning that they are likely of a higher socio-economic background, and, imaginably, inclined to exercise or at least monitor their health.  There's also the likelihood that not all counties are represented equally. While Jawbone hasn't divulged how many people  were observed in each county, it's pretty reasonable to assume that far more were tracked in New York City than rural Montana. 
Countrywide, some of the trends Jawbone unearthed merely confirm what we already suspected. People who live on the West Coast, for instance, are pretty good about getting to bed early, and people who live on the East Coast, generally speaking, are not. Cities also tend to go to sleep later than rural counties—again, no surprise here.
On a county level, some places have more to brag about than others (if bragging about late bedtimes is something people want to do).
Brooklyn would certainly qualify as one of those places. No county, after all, has a later bedtime than Brooklyn — people living in Kings, New York go to bed at about 12:07 a.m., on average, according to Jawbone.
Brooklyn, as it happens, is the only city that goes to sleep after midnight. Even in Manhattan, where the second latest to bed in the United States live, people go to sleep before the clock strikes twelve (at approximately 11:55 p.m.). In Miami, the city with the third latest bedtime, people go to sleep at 11:54 p.m. on average. In Atlantic City, the fourth, people go to sleep a little after 11:50 p.m. In Los Angeles, the 384th, it's roughly 11:30 p.m.
On the other end of the spectrum are two counties in Hawaii — Maui and Kauai — where people go to sleep, on average, around 10:30 p.m., the earliest in the country.
The latest to bed aren't, naturally, the earliest to rise. Graham and Greenlee, Ariz., as well as Catron, New Mexico, share those honors. The three counties are up just after 6 a.m., on average, according to Jawbone.
Brooklynites, meanwhile, wake up later than just about anyone else. Only seven counties in the United States — Nueces, Tex.; Parke, Ind.; Montmorency, Mich.; Oscoda, Mich.; Pocahontas, W.Va.; Gladwin, Mich., and Charlevoix, Mich.— wake up later than Kings, New York, where people are awake just after 7:30 a.m. on average.
All in all, not a single county's residents were found to average more than eight hours of sleep a night. Some came close — Pocahontas, W.Va., for instance, averages 7.7 hours per night. Sawyer, Wis.; Howard, Pike, and Sevier, Ark; as well as Gulf, Fl., and Del Norte and Alpine, Calif., all average roughly seven and a half hours of sleep per night, according to Jawbone.
Others, meanwhile, are miles—ok, more like an hour and a half—away.
Dimmit and Zavala, Tex., both of which were found to average fewer than six and half hours of sleep per night, are the country's two most sleepless counties. In New York, where people stay up all night(ish), people also don't get much sleep—only about 6.8 hours on average in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens.
Correction: A previous version of this article incorrectly described the user base observed in Jawbone's analysis.
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.

Cong unlikely to rush to taking drastic action against TharoorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Election of Mulayam as SP President a drama: BJPThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Your study on nasdaq is wrong.also see my earlier message.Platinum Member
763 Followers
the volatility isn`t such a good sign but really can`t predict where this is going . ,US might even start a small correction , It`s making lower lows , lower highs for short term . As long as it`s below 17k , it can go back down by 200 points again anyday
12.34 AM Oct 9th

Yes guys..... check the activitiy in f&o volume is not peaking u...2 Followers
Yes guys.....
check the activitiy in F&O volume is not peaking up it do same only if ppl see oprtunity.......
That Big FAt open interest is from FIIs who sold in spot and bought in future as noting that the margine that is needed now for these guys to make oportunities and that to  shart discount as compared to 100% is price dont move above 400/- see considerable roll overs till other speculators will fly in............
9.30 PM Oct 8th

Restructuring at RBI will be completed by month-endRestructuring at RBI will be completed by month-end
Our Bureau
Central office departments are being organised into five clusters
Mumbai, October 8:  
The Reserve Bank of India’s organisational restructuring exercise, which has got under way and is expected to be completed by this month end, will see the number of departments at the central office increase from 29 to 36.
Five clusters
To have a consistent reporting line and broad functional homogeneity, the RBI’s central office departments are being organised into five clusters — regulation and banking services; supervision and risk management; monetary stability; financial markets and infrastructure; and operations and human resources.
Supervision of all deposit-taking financial entities (such as commercial banks, co-operative banks and non-banking finance companies) alongside the overall financial stability function and the RBI’s own risk management and internal audit functions will be placed in a single cluster — supervision and risk management — for synergy.
Regulation of all the financial entities such as banks, non-banks and co-operative banks and the services that the RBI provides to its clients starting from general public to governments and banks will be placed in a single — regulation and banking services — cluster.
The regulation of non-banking financial entities will fall under a new Department of Non-Banking Regulation, which will be carved out of the Department of Non-Banking Supervision.
New names
As part of the organisation restructuring exercise, the RBI will rechristen three departments — Department of Banking Operations and Development as Department of Banking Regulation; Customer Service Department as Consumer Education and Protection Department; and Rural Planning and Credit Department as Financial Inclusion and Development Department.
The urban banks department will be split into two — Department of Co-operative Banking Regulation and Department of Co-operative Banking Supervision.
The Financial Markets Department too will be split into two — Financial Markets Regulation Department and Financial Markets Operations Department.
From the RBI’s operational perspective, matters relating to monetary policy, research and statistics will form a monetary stability cluster.
Focus on communication
“In today’s interconnected world, central bank communication is increasingly emerging as the most potent instrument of monetary policy, nudging expectations and moving behaviour of economic agents.
“It is, therefore, felt that the Department of Communication should form part of the monetary stability cluster,” according to the RBI’s blueprint for organisation restructuring.
The monetary stability cluster will take the lead in managing international issues through the formation of International Department.
This department will take care of the RBI’s emerging role in regard to international financial diplomacy.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

FinMin to take up HDFC Bank foreign stake proposal on Oct 21FinMin to take up HDFC Bank foreign stake proposal on Oct 21
Beena Parmar
Tweet
Mumbai, October 8:  
The Finance Ministry will take up HDFC Bank’s proposal seeking an increase in foreign investment in the bank on October 21, said a senior government official.
“The FIPB will meet on October 21. Yes…the HDFC Bank’s proposal for an increase in FII limit is on the agenda,” the official confirmed. The country’s second largest private sector lender has, according to reports, sought an increase in the FII limit to 74 per cent. The proposal has been pending since last year.
“A decision should hopefully be taken in the next meeting. The board will take it up as it is on the agenda,” the official said.
A bank has to take FIPB approval to increase its foreign shareholding (FII and FDI) limit beyond 49 per cent up to 74 per cent.
FDI norms
According to reports, HDFC Bank had last year approached the Foreign Investment Promotion Board to increase the foreign holding in the bank to 67.55 per cent from 49 per cent. According to FDI norms, foreign investment up to 49 per cent in banks can be done through the automatic route. In a fresh petition, the bank had also mentioned that promoter HDFC Ltd’s stake in the bank is not foreign.
However, reports suggest that the Department of Economic Affairs (DEA) and the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) are of the view that promoter HDFC Ltd’s stake in HDFC Bank is foreign investment.
An email sent to the spokesperson remained unanswered.
If the proposal is approved, the FII limit may exceed 74 per cent, after taking into account promoter HDFC Ltd’s stake of 22.50 per cent.
Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram had earlier said it is a very complex issue and the Government is dealing with it.
As on September 2014, the FII holding in HDFC Bank was at 33.84 per cent while foreign investors hold another 16.86 per cent shares through ADRs and GDRs, according to data from the Bombay Stock Exchange.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Overseas borrowing norms for India Inc may be eased: RBIHR Khan, Deputy Governor, RBI
Also, settlement of government bonds via the EuroClear system in the works: HR Khan
Mumbai, October 8:  
The Reserve Bank of India is looking to partially relax the External Commercial Borrowing norms for India Inc, said a top official.
“We cannot open (the ECB window) fully given the current situation. The Sahoo committee has made certain recommendations and we are looking at that. It is not that we will open in a big bang way but there is scope,” said HR Khan, Deputy Governor, on the sidelines of a conference on the role of foreign and domestic investments.
The Deputy Governor stated that the RBI has made many relaxations in the last five years for raising ECB, including seven-year corporate general purpose loans from direct equity holders, and some in the area of infrastructure and affordable housing.
Khan also reiterated that the RBI is working on allowing settlements of government bonds in the EuroClear system, the world’s biggest securities settlement system.
“We have the proposal of EuroClear and Clearstream settlement. There is a Budget announcement also on international settlement. So we are working on it to see how we can balance between the loss of liquidity in the local market and providing ease of trading for the overseas investors... Right now, it is for gilts and not corporate bonds,” Khan added.
Pointing out that China is not fully convertible on capital account and that India is more convertible than the former, Khan said convertibility per se is not going to be a determinant for FDI flows or for exports to grow.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Raids on hoarders need to be carried out with diligenceRaids on hoarders need to be carried out with diligence
Shyamal Gupta
Agencies involved in commodities should use more analytics and information for better results.
October 8, 2014:  
It is would be interesting to note that ahead of Diwali, food safety officials and civil supplies department suddenly become active to ensure that laws are abided in the commodities sector. What is more surprising is not the way these raids are conducted but their timing. The activism of the law enforcers before Diwali in the North and Onam, Ugadi and Pongal in the South has been consistent over the years.
Undoubtedly, law enforcement raids are most effective when they involve good intelligence and planning. On the other hand, most raids are blind and executed without adequate information.
Obviously, the raids-to-prosecution ratio is pathetic as raids are conducted without proper analysis of market information. Both Union and State Governments often promise a crackdown on hoarders and black marketers to curb artificial price rise. However, most often the theatrical raids are conducted to cover institutional impotence and incompetence in the middle of the trouble (scarcity & seasonal price rise).
Sometimes, raids by the government machinery are also done to settle personal scores. For example, in 1995 a State Civil Supplies Minister in Gujarat backed by the oil traders lobby had ordered raids on the edible oil tanks of the National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) charging them with hoarding. The fact was the Minster was enraged by the fact that he was advised to check with the Union Ministry when he sought details of stocks from the prestigious institution.
In recent times sugar, pulses and onions have become the commodities of choice for the raids. Commodities whose prices are on rise and the supplies of which are getting scarce become the targets of the raids. The agencies that suspect hoarding should monitor stock movements, trade flows and the historical consumption patterns with appropriate intelligence and market information so that the impact of the raids do not create panic in the market.
Currently, the effectiveness of income tax raids are more profound in the economy due to analytics and software support that has been put in place over the last few years.
It is time that State agencies involved in commodities should use more analytics and information for better effectiveness of the raids.
In a market economy there cannot be any bigger disaster than vanishing stocks from the shelves due to fear. Intelligent raids should be the last resort to bring semblance of logic rather than creation of fear psychosis in the commodity market.
The writer is a commodity commentator.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Steel producers demand re-allocation of mine leasesSteel producers demand re-allocation of mine leases
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Oct 08, 2014 08:19 PM IST
The steel producers of Odisha have urged the state government to reject the applications of merchant miners for second and subsequent renewal of their iron ore mine leases and re-allocate the properties to the industries having end-use plants in the state.
The fate of 18 such lease renewal applications, most of which belong to stand alone mines, is slated to be decided at a high level meeting tomorrow.
Mines given to ore traders should be cancelled and re-allocated to steel companies operating without captive mines, said the All Odisha Steel Producers Association (AOSF) in a letter to Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik.
These 18 iron ore leases, which were earlier operating on deemed extension basis pending renewal of their mine leases, have stopped operation following an order of Supreme Court in May this year, which said provisional operating clearance or deemed extension after 20 years of first renewal is illegal. The court had directed the Odisha government to take a decision on renewal applications within six months for resumption of operations at these mines.
The court order had affected 26 mines in Odisha, including several mines of Tata Steel, Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) and Odisha Mining Corporation (OMC). Later, the state government allowed operation of eight mines through an express order in case of mines belonging to Tata Steel, SAIL and OMC. It, however, left the decision on rest 18 mines hanging.
The AOSF has demanded that as per Odisha government's policy on second and subsequent renewal, the applications of these 18 mines must be rejected.
"The government of Odisha should refuse renewal of all mining lease areas in cases of second and subsequent renewal which are not in the interest of mineral development," the association said in its letter to the Chief Minister recently, citing a policy resolution.
In October 2012, the state government had taken a decision of not to renew merchant mining leases after 20 years of first renewal in the interest of mineral development. Instead, it had decided to reserve the leases owned by miners without any end-use plants for OMC.
"The government should amend the policy resolution with regard to reserving the balance area for OMC, so that the balance non-renewed mining lease areas should be made available for re-grant and be given to the existing mineral based Industries in Odisha for meeting captive requirement," it added in the letter.
AOSF is an association of many sponge and pig iron producing industries in Odisha. Most of its member industries are operating without having access to captive iron ore and depend upon state-run OMC or other private miners for the raw material.
Though the state government has decided to provide iron ore to steel producers on long term basis, AOSF said, the state government must take steps for grant of captive leases.
"The government should form a committee to assess iron ore requirement of existing steel industries functioning without captive mines and recommend and grant the non-renewed iron ore mining lease areas to these industries for meeting their requirements," it said.

Discoms put on alert ahead of Hud HudDiscoms put on alert ahead of Hud Hud
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Oct 08, 2014 08:17 PM IST
Sensing the possible impact of the cyclonic storm Hud Hud on power distribution infrastructure, Reliance Infrastructure has alerted its two distribution companies (discoms) with their area of operation falling in the possible cyclone impact zone.
In a letter to Southern Electricity Supply Company of Odisha (Southco) and North Eastern Electricity Company of Odisha (Nesco), the Central Service Office (CSO), the umbrella organization of these discoms, has issued a set of guidelines to deal with the storm impact.
Southco and Nesco offer services in southern and northern coast, identified to be vulnerable to cyclones.
The CSO has cancelled all the forthcoming holidays and leaves of the employees of Nesco and Wesco. Besides, 24-hour control rooms will be operated from the discom corporate offices, circle as well as division offices. Special arrangements will be made for uninterrupted power supply to the collector's office, hospitals, water supplies office, Railways and TV and radio centres.
The executive engineers of the two discoms have been directed to report about preparations for the cyclone to the respective collectors. Nesco and Southco, on requirement, may dovetail materials and manpower from the other RIL managed discom, Wesco to mitigate the emergency. The vulnerable discoms are asked to follow the Disaster Management Plan and Policies, circulated earlier, to deal with the cyclone. Meanwhile, people resorted to panic buying to stock essential commodities ahead of the storm, leading to sudden spurt in prices.
Consumers were seen making beelines at grocery stores and vegetable kiosks to stockpile the commodities.
Fearing hoarding of essential food items, the state government has asked the district collectors to crackdown on the errant traders indulging in hoarding and black marketing.
The state government has asked officials at the district level to ensure stocking of required medicines and making arrangements for deployment of mobile medical teams.

Shares of Companies Testing Ebola Vaccine Rise
How cleaning up after a college party inspired an idea that sticks0
“That’s one of the things that people really love about it,” he said. “It’s a conversation piece.”
Frayn and Walsh didn’t go into the bottle-opener business right after college. Walsh worked in advertising, and Frayn sold commercial real estate. The DropCatch lived on as a conversation piece, or an occasional one-off gift for friends, Walsh said.
But the idea wouldn’t die. And, like many makers, Walsh and Frayn decided to take a shot last June on the crowdfunding site Kickstarter, looking both for capital and validation. They got both, selling 807 units and raising $48,281 — far surpassing their $10,000 goal.
“We were going to be all handy and make the things ourselves,” Walsh said. “Then, when we hit our Kickstarter goal in 36 hours, we were like, whoa, we don’t think we’ll be able to do that.”
They found a woodworking shop in Logan Square to craft the wood bases. And they’ve set up an assembly shop in the West Loop, where the company installs the magnets and screws in the bottle openers. It packages and ships the openers from there, Walsh said.
Walsh said the device became popular as a gift item, and people started asking if they could have names or other messages engraved on them. That led to the purchase of a 100-watt laser engraver — and a $12 upcharge for personalization, he said.
Frayn said the company aims to make the opener available in some retail stores by November.
DropCatch has developed two new products, both wooden beer carriers, Frayn said, adding that they expect to experiment with new products and designs.
The company isn't seeking outside funding but is "open to the option if it makes sense and helps with growth/expansion," Walsh wrote in an email.

Isamu Akasaki  Hiroshi Amano  Shuji Nakamura win physics NobelUpdated: October 7, 2014 15:56 IST
Isamu Akasaki, Hiroshi Amano, Shuji Nakamura win physics Nobel
AP
Special Arrangement Of 21 Nobel Laureates from Japan, 10 are Physics laureates.
TOPICS
science and technology
Isamu Akasaki and Hiroshi Amano of Japan and U.S. scientist Shuji Nakamura won the Nobel Prize in physics on Tuesday for the invention of blue light-emitting diodes a new energy efficient and environment-friendly light source.
The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said the invention is just 20 years old, “but it has already contributed to create white light in an entirely new manner to the benefit of us all".
Prof. Akasaki, 85, is a professor at Meijo University and distinguished professor at Nagoya University. Prof. Amano, 54, is also a professor at Nagoya University, while the 60-year-old Prof. Nakamura is a professor at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
The laureates triggered a transformation of lighting technology when they produced bright blue light from semiconductors in the 1990s, something scientist had struggled with for decades, the Nobel committee said.
Using the blue light, LED lamps emitting white light could be created in a new way.
“As about one fourth of world electricity consumption is used for lighting purposes, the LEDs contribute to saving the Earth’s resources,” the committee said.
Prof. Nakamura, who spoke to reporters in Stockholm over a crackling telephone line after being woken up by the phone call from the prize jury, said it was an amazing, and unbelievable feeling.
The Nobel award in chemistry will be announced Wednesday, followed by the literature award on Thursday and the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday. The economics prize will be announced next Monday, completing the 2014 Nobel Prize announcements.
Last year’s physics award went to Britain’s Peter Higgs and Belgian colleague Francois Englert for helping to explain how matter formed after the Big Bang.
Announcement of the 2014 Nobel Prize in Physics - http://t.co/BN1CELKlFR
— The Nobel Prize (@NobelPrize) October 7, 2014
"They succeeded where everyone else had failed. Akasaki worked together with Amano at the University of Nagoya, while Nakamura was employed at Nichia Chemicals, a small company in Tokushima. Their inventions were revolutionary. Incandescent light bulbs lit the 20th century; the 21st century will be lit by LED lamps," stated a press release by the Riyal Academy.
Including Mr. Akasaki, Mr. Amano and Mr. Nakamura, 21 Nobel Laureates were born in Japan, and of them, 10 are Physics Laureates.

Nightlife Agenda: Zombies  tater tots and Green Hat ginBy Fritz Hahn and Rhome Anderson October 7 Follow @fritzhahn
This week's essential DJs, happy hours, dance nights and parties. Don't miss our separate guides to  Oktoberfest deals  and  beer festivals .
Country singer Angaleena Presley, formerly of the Pistol Annies, will preview songs from her forthcoming album "American Middle Class" at Hill Country on Sunday. (Photo by Blu Sanders)
Tuesday, October 7
Congratulations are in order for DJ I-Dee of Fairfax, a gifted turntablist who won the vaunted national DMC championship back in August, and then cut, scratched and juggled his way to second place at the DMC World Final in London on Sunday. I-Dee's friends and compatriots in the DJ world are throwing him a welcome home party tonight at Heist , which will include sets by DJ Geometrix and As-One, plus "surprise guests." Doors open at 10 p.m.
Wednesday, October 8
Green Hat Gin is turning two years old, and New Columbia Distillers is pulling out all the stops. A birthday party at Boundary Road will feature a wide selection of Green Hat products and cocktails, including last year's spicy, genever-like Winter Seasonal, and this summer's bright, citrusy seasonal gin. Boundary Road's bartenders plan to revive some Green Hat drinks they've made over the last two years; if we're lucky, one of them will be the Bee's Knees with local honey, apricots and that Summer Gin . Doors open at 5:30, when you'll be able to chat with the guys behind Green Hat, and the cocktails will be available all night.
For a decade, Strathmore 's Artist in Residence program has helped nurture the area's young and talented musicians. The up-and-comers are paired with professional mentors who offer advice about everything from song selection to CD covers, and then perform concerts at the North Bethesda concert hall. This month, Strathmore brings back some of the program's more successful alumni for a series of Wednesday night concerts, beginning on Oct. 8 with ukulele virtuoso Victoria Vox. Upcoming shows include jazz singer Lena Seikaly (Oct. 15), the stunning vocalist Margot MacDonald, who embraces looping pedals to create the sound of a one-woman chorus (Oct. 22); and multi-instrumentalist Christylez Bacon, whose sound lives at the intersection of soul, hip-hop and jazz (Oct. 29). Tickets are $17 per performance.
Sinkane 's music starts with the roots of bandleader Ahmed Gallab's native Sudan, but it builds in layers of pop, country soul and indie rock into the type of blend that music journos can fail to distill into a blurb. Gallab has collaborated with Caribou, Yeasayer, and Of Montreal and was the music director of "ATOMIC BOMB! The Music of William Onyeabor," a theatrical production that explored the life and work of the enigmatic psych-funk Nigerian musician. Sinkane plays the cozy confines of DC9 , a frequent launching point for on-the-rise artists poised to blow up on the larger scene soon.
Thursday, October 9
We write about the occasional eating contest, whether scarfing down Ben's half smokes at the H Street Festival or chowing on the Coupe's pies at Columbia Heights Day . But for pure gross-out value, it's hard to top Bar Louie 's annual Rock the Tot contest. There are two ways to enter: compete solo or with three friends. If you eat alone, you'll have three minutes to devour all the tots you can. (Last year's champion, competitive eater Molly Schuyler, ate six pounds in three minutes.) In the tater tots relay race, four people take turns eating a pound of tots, starting after a teammate has finished their bowl of fried potatoes. At stake: A year of free tater tots, cash prizes and, for five fastest eaters across the U.S., a trip to the finals in Cleveland later this month. Competing is free, though you need to fill out some forms – including a legal waiver in case you choke to death on tots – and turn them in to the Chinatown restaurant before 7:30 p.m. Thursday. The contest begins at 8.
Friday, October 10
After years of consistently bringing the funk, ranging from Afrobeat to soul jazz jams, on D.C. stages, the Funk Ark is ready to release the monster. "Man Is A Monster" is the band's third full-length release, and they're bringing along frequent collaborators Black Masala to unleash it on the public at the Black Cat .
When the old hip-hop-centric bar 1920dc closed , its regulars and DJs scattered to venues across the city. But D.C.'s vinyl disciples continue to roam the streets, bringing that boom-bap in crackly analog form to a rotating list of venues that cater 1920dc refugees, allowing them to keep the party going. Reunited Fridays find Bro DJ, Oso Fresh, Harvey Dent and Singh Slim forming like Voltron at Red Lounge , keeping wax and hip-hop alive. Happy hour runs from 4:30 to 9 p.m. and includes $4 drafts, $5 Long Island Iced Teas and free "crack" tots, while they last.
Saturday, October 11
With season five of "The Walking Dead" set to begin on Sunday night, there's no better time for a "Walking Dead"-inspired bar crawl through Penn Quarter, stopping at Jackpot , R.F.D. , Fado and Penn Social . Getting in character is the rule here: There will be zombie makeup stations and a "Walking Dead" costume contest (with a $200 prize). In fact, while your first beer on the crawl is free, you get three beers for coming in a zombie outfit. Tickets are $25 in advance and $35 at the door, and include $3 Shock Top, $4 rail drinks and various food specials at all participating bars from 3 p.m. on.
Sunday, October 12
Angaleena Presley is best known as a member of the chart-topping country trio Pistol Annies, but the impending release of her first solo album, "American Middle Class," should establish her as a star in her own right. Before "AMC" hits stores and download sites, Presley will perform its direct, driving tunes during a free concert at Hill Country 's basement Boot Bar. Doors open at 6:30 and the music begins at 8. Arrive on the early side if you want a seat.
The Court House Arts & Beer Festival doesn't fit neatly into any of the usual fall festival boxes. Six Virginia breweries, including Crooked Run, Champion and Port City, will offer samples and compete for votes in the People's Choice awards. More than two dozen musicians appear on three stages, including quirky indie rockers the Caribbean and power-pop duo the Raised By Wolves. Twenty-one poets are scheduled to read throughout the day, taking a stage among booths of artists selling jewelry, clothes and knickknacks, like bracelets made from bicycle chains. Food trucks, including Red Hook Lobster Pound and Willie's Po'Boy, provide the grub. It's an interesting mix for the debut of this fall festival, and one with the makings of an enjoyable Sunday outdoors. Admission is $10; a beer tasting ticket, which allows a dozen samples and includes a tasting mug, is $35 in advance .
Fritz Hahn has covered bars, drinks and nightlife for the Washington Post Weekend Section since 2003, but he also writes about everything from Civil War battlefields to sailing classes. You can find him on Twitter and Instagram .

3 Ways to Be a Better Entrepreneurreddit
The struggles that come along with being an entrepreneur are real. There is an endless supply of positivity and pride that accompany the world of self-starters, but the stress and the barriers we face are concrete, re-occurring and can honest-to-God be the demise of our success. After becoming entrenched in stress and clouded by my inability to navigate some of my own work issues, I started to divide and conquer. I wrote down my daily stresses. You know, the things that make your stomach clench up or that make you break out into cold sweat? They're pretty terrible feelings but they kept me on my toes and they allowed me to acknowledge and change for the better. I explained to myself WHY these things stressed me out and why they shouldn't. I literally coached myself as I began to understand why these things wouldn't break me, unless of course I let them. I started to internalize that at the end of the day, no matter what I was facing, my family loved me, I was healthy and I was fortunate enough to come out ahead of most problems that came my way. These were such powerful moments in my life; I felt compelled to share my experiences with you, as well as "aha!" moments that may help turn that light bulb on for you!
1. Understand your time. One thing that took me a while to learn was that time is neither on my side or working against me. Time isn't supposed to be your friend or your enemy. Time is time. Learning to live with the time I had each day to work, be with those I loved and take care of myself was a challenge. Not only did I feel like I needed MORE time, (how selfish was I?) but when I was able to take down time, I felt guilty; like there was always work to be done. As an entrepreneur, you get out exactly what you put in. My success depended on how much I put in. It's still something I work on each day, but I've taken some serious strides. We all get the same 24 hours in a day. How we choose to use those hours and more importantly, what attitude we choose to have during those hours is what counts. I write out my to-do's for the day and the week, and if I get them done, I have time for me with no guilt attached. Don't let time stress you out. Make it work for you.
2. Separate work from non-work things. The struggle is REAL and from what I can see, I am not alone. Realizing that I'm not alone actually makes me feel a lot better and you should too. It's too easy NOT to pop into your e-mail, schedule a call or delegate tasks with our smart phones and tablets and magical flying saucers (made that one up, but you know what I mean) so easily accessible. I still find myself on the couch with my significant other right next to me, scrolling through e-mails like a zombie. When I come to, I feel gross! I have the most amazing person in the world sitting next to me whom I haven't seen all day and here I am deleting spam and filing e-mails. If you take ANYTHING away from this article, let it be this: The people you love, the people who love you so deeply do NOT deserve that. They deserve you, your love, your laughs, your hand at Uno and your undivided attention. Again, I am working on this each day but the effort is so refreshing and the result is so beautiful. This stress is something we create for ourselves. It strains our relationships with those around us and with ourselves. Eliminate this one...it's easier than you think.
3. Be content. Many self-starters would argue with me here and I understand why. Being content will not take your business to the next level. Entrepreneurs are hungry and anxious to work, and I can definitely relate to those tendencies. However, being content with your hard work, your sacrifices, and your ability to make sh** happen is what you DO need to be content with. You need to understand that you are human and that all of the amazing things you do deserve a pat on the back (and maybe a glass of wine). The mistakes you've made wouldn't be possible if you didn't take a leap of faith that most people are not willing to take. Kudos to you for that. Please, BE content with all of the stones you've stepped on during your journey. Stay hungry, but acknowledge how hard you work and how scary this stuff can be.
From one entrepreneur to another , things WILL be good. In fact, they will be GREAT and you will prevail. I encourage you (no really, PLEASE do it) to write down what's keeping you up at night, internalize it and coach yourself on feeling GOOD about these struggles. Stop yourself mid aimless scroll when you're with your family and put your phone away. Finish your work for the day and do something for YOU; you've earned it . You are a warrior of the working world and an icon to Americans of all ages aspiring to bring their dreams to life. Onward!
Join Daffnee on her journey at DaffneeCohen.com , on Facebook , on Instagram @Daffnee, and Twitter .
Follow Daffnee Cohen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DaffneeMichelle
More:

Chiplun train derailderails...chiplun/755100    Cached
A coach of the Diva-Sawantwadi passenger train derailed near Chiplun around 2 pm on Friday, which led to a delay of trains headed to southern states.

Jubilant Food Falls; Rival Yum Cuts Profit OutlookYou are here: Home Market
Jubilant Food Falls; Rival Yum Cuts Profit Outlook
Reuters | Updated On: October 08, 2014 11:06 (IST)
Shares in Jubilant Foodworks fell 1.4 per cent on Wednesday. Its rival Yum Brands Inc, which operated restaurant chains like KFC, Pizza Hut and casual Dining has cut its 2014 earnings forecast on Tuesday.
Analysts say Yum's same store sales in India has declined between 3-4 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

RBI Promotes 3 Senior Officials as Executive Directors  Reshuffles PortfoliosYou are here: Home Industries
RBI Promotes 3 Senior Officials as Executive Directors, Reshuffles Portfolios
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 07, 2014 22:53 (IST)
DDA Housing Scheme: Draw to be Held on Tuesday
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday promoted three senior officials as executive directors.
Those elevated as EDs are M D Patra, Principal Adviser in the monetary policy department, and principal general managers K K Vohra and G Mahalingam.
"One promotion is in lieu of an existing vacancy and the other two are against additional vacancies," the RBI said in a release.
After the fresh set of appointments, the number of executive directors in the apex bank is 11.
The RBI, which is seeking to carry out various organisational changes under Governor Raghuram Rajan, also reshuffled portfolios of EDs.
Patra will look after the communication, economic policy and research and monetary policy departments, while D K Mohanty will handle financial stability unit, inspection department and risk monitoring departments.
Mahalingam will head the statistics and information management department along with financial market operations and international department.
Vohra will be in charge central security cell, corporate strategy and budget department, human resources, Rajbhasha and RTI.
Among incumbent EDs, whose portfolios have been restructured include Vijaya Bhaskar, who will now handle internal debt management, external investments and operations and government and bank accounts.
G Padmanabhan will now oversee information technology, payment and settlement systems, foreign exchange and financial markets regulation departments.
Jasbir Singh will look after the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation, while Deepali Pant Joshi will will handle currency management, legal, premises and RTI departments.
N S Vishwanathan will manage affairs related to banking regulation, co-operative banking regulation and non-banking regulation departments.
For consumer education and protection, financial inclusion and development, and secretary's departments, the RBI has given charge to U S Paliwal.
Chandan Sinha will look after departments of banking supervision, co-operative banking supervision and non-banking supervision.
The restructuring exercise will be completed by the end of October and the full allocations of the revised portfolios will be effective November 3.
Story first published on: October 07, 2014 19:04 (IST)

Brent falls to 27-month low on global growthBrent falls to 27-month low under $91 on global growth, oil glut concerns
Keith Wallis     Singapore   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 14:15 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Brent crude futures fell below $91 a barrel on Wednesday to their lowest since June 2012, holding to a months-long tumble in prices as lower economic growth forecasts raised new concerns about global oil demand amid rising US inventory levels.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Tuesday cut its global economic growth forecasts for the third time this year, warning of weaker growth in core eurozone countries, Japan and big emerging markets like Brazil.
While the IMF kept the growth outlook for China, the world's No.2 oil consumer, unchanged at 7.4 per cent for this year, it saw the risk of a hard landing in the medium term due to concerns over excess industrial capacity and credit issues.
Asian investors were worried about overnight economic data from Germany that showed industrial output fell by a larger-than-expected 4 per cent in August, the biggest drop since the financial crisis in 2009, said Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at Sydney's CMC Markets.
The fall in output was a more immediate indicator of slowing growth than the IMF figures, McCarthy said.
"It shows the strong man of Europe is going down," McCarthy said.
"Growth concerns are on traders' minds, coupled with the glut in supply. The market is caught in a vortex of high supply and weak demand," said Ben Le Brun, market analyst at Sydney's OptionsXpress.
Brent for November delivery fell $1.16 to $90.95 by 0540 GMT, after hitting $90.76 earlier in the session, its lowest point since June 2012.
Oil prices have trended lower on oversupply and weak demand since mid-June, when Brent hit a nine-month high of $115.71.
West Texas Intermediate for November delivery dropped $1.07 to $87.79 a barrel, after falling to $87.39 earlier in the session, its lowest since April 2013.
US crude stocks climbed by 5.1 million barrels to 360 million in the week to Oct. 3, according to an inventory report on Tuesday from industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API). This was much larger than the build of 1.5 million barrels expected by analysts polled by Reuters.
"The US has a million barrels a day of oil due to the shale revolution, while there is softer growth in China. Japan is not firing on all cylinders," Le Brun said.
China's services sector weakened slightly in September as new business cooled, reflected in the services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit and released on Wednesday. The marker pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
Oil prices could fall further by the weekend although this would depend on how the dollar performed.
"A little bit of profit taking in the US dollar should support the commodities complex," Le Brun said.
The dollar index was at 85.841 in trade on Wednesday, off a four-year peak of 86.746 hit on Friday.
Brent could be around $90 a barrel by Friday, with US oil trending towards $85 a barrel, Le Brun said.
Geopolitical tensions could still provide some support to oil prices, but conflicts in the Middle East, North Africa and Ukraine have so far had only limited impact on crude output.
As fighting continued between Kurdish and Islamic State fighters for control of the Syrian Kurdish town of Kobani, the United States stepped up discussions with Turkey on Tuesday over its role in a US-led coalition fighting the Islamist militants in Syria.
Libyan oil production has slipped below 900,000 barrels per day (bpd), down from as high as 925,000 bpd last month, due to a sit-in protest at Sirte Oil Co by local residents demanding jobs, a source at the National Oil Corporation said on Tuesday.
(Reuters)

Sundaram Business Services bags top awardUpdated: October 8, 2014 14:43 IST
Sundaram Business Services bags top award
PTI
Business Line A file picture of BPO unit of Sundaram Business Services at Chennai. Photo: Bijoy Ghosh.
TOPICS
personal investing
Sundaram Business Services (SBS), the BPO subsidiary of Chennai-based Sundaram Finance, has bagged the International Service Excellence Award 2014 in Australia.
“SBS won the 2014 International Service Excellence Award instituted by Customer Service Institute of Australia (CSIA) in the Medium Business category. SBS is the first non-captive BPO globally to win this award”, a company statement said.
“Winning the International Service Excellence Award is a reaffirmation of our time tested values of customer service of the Sundaram Finance Group”, Sundaram Business Services CEO, Rajesh Venkat said.
“It is a testament to how we have combined strong processes with a skilled and committed team to deliver value to the mid-market in Australia”, he said.
The award recognise, promote and reward for service excellence, professionalism and outstanding achievement by organisations across the globe, the statement said.
Sundaram Business Services opened its office in 2005 in Australia and has become the largest provider of back office processing for administrators and accountants.
The company also offers BPO services for public practice accounting firms and operations, and finance back office for companies engaged in hospitality, portfolio administration and mortgage, it said.

Battle of the map apps: Which app is best for what27
0
Chicago: Many people use smartphone apps to map their drive to dinner or find a less-congested route to work. But did you know that you can use them for public transit, too?
You can even access some maps offline, when you have a spotty connection or are in the subway.
Here's a look at what leading free map apps can do for you, whatever mode of transportation you choose:
Here's a look at what leading free map apps can do for you, whatever mode of transportation you choose.
#google #google maps #android #here
Bumper to bumper
Most major map apps show you current traffic conditions. The best guide you toward a little-known shortcut or less-obvious route to avoid congestion.
If you're in a traffic mecca such as Los Angeles, Waze is the app for you. Users update the map with the latest conditions, even reporting cars parked on the shoulder. Over the summer, several relatives and I left at the same time in three different cars for a theater in Hollywood. Only the driver using Waze got there in time. Google bought Waze last year, so Google Maps now factors in Waze's user contributions, too.
The Here app for Windows also will help you find the speediest route. But it doesn't want you to get a ticket. The app knows speed limits for various roads and will beep when you go over, even by a small amount. (My travel companion turned that feature off by the first rest stop on a weekend trip to New Hampshire.)
Taking a stroll?
Map apps give you the choice to input what mode of transportation you plan to take on your route. It's worth clicking "walk" if you're hoofing it to your destination. Otherwise you might end up on a six-lane highway, miss shortcuts such as recreational paths and go out of your way taking one-way streets. I eliminated a one-block detour using Google Maps' walk-specific directions to visit a friend in Chicago, for instance.
Apple Maps is very user-friendly for walkers. As you walk, the distance displayed decreases, but the map itself doesn't change. That confused me at first, but I came to appreciate it. Other apps tend to constantly refresh depending on where you are and how you're holding the phone, which can be headache-inducing as you move your hand or arms. With Apple Maps, the direction you should be heading toward is on top, and the streets are fixed on right angles.
Public transit
If you choose transit on Google Maps, it will include the walk to and from the bus or subway stop in its directions. Apple Maps doesn't offer transit directions, but it will suggest transit apps you can install. I've been a fan of HopStop, one of the first transit apps, though I typically gravitate back to Google because it offers driving and walking directions in the same app.
Syncing with personal computers
You're comparing restaurants on your laptop at home, and you don't want to duplicate efforts when you leave the house. If you use Apple Maps, you can research places and directions on the Mac's Maps app and hit a share button to send the destination to your iPhone or iPad. From the mobile device, you simply tap on that location to get voice-guided directions.
Google offers something similar, though it's not as precise in practice. If I look up a destination on Google Maps on a Mac or Windows computer, the place is usually already there when I check my phone, as long as I've signed in to my Google account. It's more automated than Apple's approach, but sometimes the destination I need isn't there. Other times, the app is cluttered with places I've searched for before but wasn't necessarily intending to go to.
Either way, it beats retyping everything on a phone's small keyboard.
No data connection?
Here for Windows allows you to download maps for an entire state or country ahead of time so you can get directions when you don't have an Internet connection or don't want to pay for data roaming abroad. The app is inconsistent in finding the right destination, but once it's found, you can get voice navigation as long as your phone can locate a GPS signal. Unfortunately, it's not available on Apple or Android devices. You need a Windows phone.
Google has an offline option, too. You need to look up the location ahead of time and save that portion of the map by pulling up the info box at the bottom of the screen. (Though you don't get directions - just the map.)
Several third-party apps promise offline mapping, but you should expect to spend up to $10 on a premium version for anything useful. CoPilot's free version is the most functional of the three I tried. You need to pay for voice guidance, but a passenger can follow upcoming turns on the screen for free. With Maps.me, you need to pay just to enter a destination. And even if you pay for Galileo, you still don't get turn-by-turn directions from that app.
145

No ambiquity in CSR norms  says NirmalaNew Delhi, October 8, 2014
Updated: October 8, 2014 15:36 IST
No ambiquity in CSR norms, says Nirmala
PTI
Business Line A file picture of Union Minister of State for Commerce and Corporate Affairs Nirmala Seetharaman at a function in Chennai. Photo: Bijoy Ghosh.
TOPICS
regulatory policy and organisation
The structure for social welfare spending under the new companies law is “absolutely well drafted” allowing corporates to spend money towards CSR activities without any ambiguity, government said on Wednesday.
The heads under which CSR spend has to be made have been well defined and the spending can be done in a clear way without any ambiguity, Minister of State for Corporate Affairs Nirmala Sitharaman said.
“Under the law the structure for spending on CSR activities is absolutely well drafted,” she said at an event organised here by Indian Social Responsibility Network.
In a first of its kind, certain class of companies are required to shell out at least 2 per cent of their three-year annual average net profit towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities under the Companies Act, 2013.
CSR norms, which came into effect from April 1 , are applicable to companies having at least Rs 5 crore net profit, or Rs 1,000 crore turnover or Rs 500 crore net worth.
Such companies would need to spend 2 per cent of their 3-year average annual net profit on CSR activities in each financial year, beginning 2014-15 fiscal.
Even though it has not been even an year since the CSR norms came into effect, Ms. Sitharaman said she was sure “there is a lot of traction” already gained in terms of what companies have to do towards such activities.
In response to a query on whether Swachh Bharat Abhiyan would also be included in CSR rules, the minister said that various heads (for social welfare spending) have already been defined by the law.
“With Prime Minister’s emphasis on Swachh Bharat Abhiyan ...it is up to the corporates on whether to join. The law has clearly stated the heads on which CSR spend has to be done,” she said.
The CSR ambit includes livelihood enhancement and rural development projects, working towards protection of national heritage, art and culture, including restoration of buildings and sites of historical importance and works of art, setting up public libraries, promotion and development of traditional arts and handicrafts.

New listing  de-listing regulations next month: SEBIinvestment service
The capital markets regulator SEBI on Wednesday said it will come out with new listing and delisting guidelines next month, revamping the existing listing agreements, and made it clear that corporates would have to adhere to it.
“We are moving away from the existing listing agreement to listing regulations. The listing agreement is an agreement with companies and exchanges. Now, it will have a force of regulations. There will be a hierarchy of regulations and will have higher force, then an agreement,” SEBI chairman U K Sinha told reporters on the sidelines of a capital markets summit organised by the industry lobby FICCI in Mumbai.
Mr. Sinha also said the SEBI is close to finalising new delisting guidelines and will release them next month.
“The whole idea is to tell corporate India that we are now more serious about these regulations being followed,” he said. But the regulator did not elaborate on the punitive measures.
SEBI had earlier this year released a discussion paper on revamping the delisting agreements and to come out with listing/de-listing regulations, and had sought feedback on its proposals from various stakeholders.
“We are finalising new delisting guidelines as there are no trading in some stocks and promoters are finding difficult to delist the shares. We will announce guidelines under which delisting can happen in a fair way with investors’ protection,” he said.
Mr. Sinha also pointed out that the committee on review of insider-trading norms has submitted its report. The regulator is examining these recommendations before coming out with new norms in the current financial year itself.
Commenting on disclosure norms, Mr. Sinha said, SEBI has mandated exchanges that they have to inform the regulator of any violation by corporates.
“Earlier, it was a routine activity, but now we are getting regular reports. We have asked exchanges to increase the manpower, which they are doing now. We are also inspecting the exchanges on what action they are doing for violation of disclosure norms,” he added.
The SEBI is working with Reserve Bank and the government for raising FII participation in government bonds and enhancing settlement pattern from T+1 to T+2.
On the recently notified guidelines for real estate investment trusts (REITs), Mr. Sinha said the regulator is in talks with the government to provide greater clarity on taxation norms applicable to these instruments and is hopeful the government will be willing to consider the same.
It is also considering electronic IPO (E-IPO) option in the current financial year, which will be based on T+3 or T+5 form, Mr. Sinha said adding the fund raising activities have turned positive as more enquiries have been received for raising funds in September.
The regulator is also working on a plan to allow small companies to use institutional trading platform (ITP) on stock exchanges to raise fresh capital.
At present, the ITP is used by SMEs and start-ups to list their shares without an initial public offering (IPO).
“We are going to make further changes in the SME platform to help more companies to raise money,” he added.
Speaking on the broader market environment, Mr. Sinha said, “Our growth numbers are remarkable. In the past one year alone, the markets returned about 30 per cent.”

Govt mulling to exempt Free to Air channels from 12 min ad-capregulatory policy and organisation
Free to Air channels may soon get relief as the Government is mulling a rule change which would allow them to show more advertisements than the present ad-cap of 12 minutes per hour.
“We are taking a decision....that Free to Air (FTA) channels should be exempt from the restriction of the 12 minutes ad-cap,” Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar said in New Delhi on Wednesday.
The Minister, however, indicated that for Pay Channels the existing limit of 12 minutes per hour of advertisements would continue and suggested that the proposed rule change could become a sort of incentive for them to turn FTA.
He said that the consumer’s burden has to be reduced and if a channel is showing “too many” advertisements then it should also be Free to Air.
Mr. Javadekar was speaking at a meeting of a task force on digitisation held in New Delhi. He told reporters that the 12 minute restriction is appropriate for pay channels.
“But for FTA channels, which are providing programmes for free, is this restriction necessary for them? I don’t think this is needed. And we will soon take a decision in this regard,” he said.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India has stipulated that there should be a 12 minute cap on advertisements that channels can show in an hour. However, several broadcasters have been opposing this rule.

Yamaha to start operations at Chennai plant in NovemberUpdated: October 8, 2014 16:50 IST
Yamaha to start operations at Chennai plant in November
IANS
automotive equipment
Japanese automobile group Yamaha is expected to start operations at its Chennai plant with commercial production expected to start in early 2015.
Yamaha hopes to double its two wheeler market share in India to 10 per cent in a couple of year’s time, a senior official said.
“We will be rolling out scooters first from the plant,” Asano Masaki, CEO and Managing Director, Yamaha Motor India Sales Pvt. Ltd., told reporters on the sidelines of a company function.
According to Mr. Masaki, the new plant will have an annual production capacity of 400,000-440,000 vehicles taking the total two-wheeler production capacity of Yamaha in India to around 1.4 million units. The company's other plant is at Surajpur in Uttar Pradesh.
For the current calendar year, the company is targeting to sell 600,000 units in the domestic market and export around 200,000 units.
When asked about the excess capacity, Vice President Roy Kurian said: “The two wheeler industry is growing. We are also expanding our distribution network. We will need the fresh capacity.”
Meanwhile, the company plans to increase the number of Yamaha Training Academies by four to 10 units.
“We are training youngsters in two-wheeler mechanics and most of them are absorbed at our dealer-end,” Ravinder Singh, Vice President, Strategy Planning said.
The company felicitated Meenakshi Sundaram Subramanian, a mechanic in one of its dealer outlets, who stood first in the Yamaha World Technician Grand Prix 2014 held in Japan recently.

SAIC molds today s artists through new tools  traditional principlesMost of us can picture, perhaps from experience, the grim landscape of a college dorm room floor the morning after a big party. But how many can say it inspired a company? ( John Carpenter )
“This doesn’t fundamentally change what we do, but it opens up an extraordinary range of options to a student who’s looking to take an idea and put it on paper or who has a relatively complex idea and wants to rationalize it,” said Jonathan Solomon, who joined the school in August as director of the department of Architecture, Interior Architecture, and Designed Objects (AIADO).
But maintaining both cutting-edge and historical tools puts a burden on the school, whose downtown campus is strained for space. And no matter how many new tools appear, professors say, learning fundamental principles of theory and design can’t be passed over.
Students who are taken with technology and loath to disconnect need to let their work dictate which tools they choose, not the other way around, he said.
“One of the challenges is encouraging students to continue to hybridize, even as tools come out that might make the design process seem faster or easier,” Solomon said.
In the hybrid digital and physical world of architectural design, professors encourage students to create and tweak physical models often, even if they’re doing so using a 3D printer. Traditional techniques — sketching, producing version after version of material objects — are critical, Solomon said.
Solomon said SAIC at times pairs professors from different departments so they can teach old and new techniques in tandem. 
One new course integrates digital sculpting with ceramics. Students use software to design architectural elements like walls and fountains that eventually can be produced in ceramic.
AIADO instructor Mary English and ceramics adjunct assistant professor Mie Kongo guide students along the paths of either designing or making these objects. At the end of the semester, students from each side will pair up to produce a final project using everything from 3D modeling software to traditional ceramic shaping tools.

Govt. notifies new Urea Investment PolicyNew Delhi, October 8, 2014
Updated: October 8, 2014 18:41 IST
Govt. notifies new Urea Investment Policy
PTI
The Hindu A file picture shows Urea bage being unloader from railway wagons and loader into lorries at Dindigul, Tamil Nadu. Photo: G. Karthikeyan.
TOPICS
investments
In order to increase domestic urea production, the Fertilizer Ministry has notified New Urea Investment Policy for setting up and expansion of urea plants.
According to the policy, interested private companies are required to give a bank guarantee of Rs 300 crore for every project, while PSUs firms have been exempted from it.
The companies will get a subsidy on production only if the urea production starts in the next 5 years. The subsidy will continue till 8 years after the commencement of production.
In February, the government approved the amendments in the policy after as many as 13 players including IFFCO, RCF and Tata Chemicals proposed setting up of urea plants entailing capacity addition of 16 million tonne, whereas the shortfall between demand and production of urea is around 8 million tonne which is met through imports.
Sources said the proposed capacity addition by the applicants was more than the actual requirement as earlier policy was assuring the ‘guaranteed buyback’
Following this, the ministry proposed for dropping the guaranteed buyback clause and replacing it with the Rs 300 crore bank guarantees so that only interested players approach for setting up of new urea projects.
According to the sources, as per policy the flexible lower limit and ceiling limit of urea cost has been fixed after factoring the gas price from $ 6.5 mmbtu to $ 14 mmbtu.
These provisions were made in the policy before the government decided to raise the gas prices from April 1, 2014.
The decisions on various issues during the implementation of this policy will be taken by a Committee of Secretaries including from Expenditure, Petroleum, Planning Commission and Agriculture. Fertilizers Secretary will be Chairman of the committee.

Rupee up 3 paise vs dollar on selling pressureUpdated: October 8, 2014 22:09 IST
Equities end lower, rupee gains
Special Correspondent
The Hindu A file picture of Indian currency. Photo: K. Pichumani.
TOPICS
foreign exchange market
The equity market closed lower on Wednesday as information technology and healthcare stocks tumbled, while the rupee gained against the dollar.
The rupee closed at 61.40 as compared to its previous day’s close of 61.43 on Tuesday. The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensitive Index (Sensex) closed at 26246.79 with a loss of 25.18 points or 0.10 per cent. Among broader indices, BSE 100 was down by 0.03 per cent and BSE 200 lost 0.11 per cent. While BSE’s mid-cap stocks lost 0.23 per cent, the small-cap stocks gained marginally by 0.06 per cent. On the National Stock Exchange, the 50-share Nifty closed at 7842.70 with a loss of 9.70 points.
PTI adds:
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for November delivery was down $ 1.11 to $ 87.74 a barrel in afternoon trade and Brent crude eased $ 1.12 to $ 90.99. Both contracts tumbled on Tuesday.
FPIs/FIIs pulled out a whopping Rs 1,440.99 crore from domestic stocks ON Wednesday, as per provisional data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said, “Rupee opened weak taking cues from local equities which traded slightly negative. With expectation of interest rate hike in the US, the dollar anticipated for bullish run in coming days. Towards end rupee trimmed its early losses and close near yesterday’s close at 61.40, as today“.
In New York market, the US dollar fell to three-week low against its major rival in early trade, as dealers opted for safe-haven Japanese yen.
The dollar continued to dip lower on Tuesday against the yen on Tuesday afternoon, reaching its lowest point in more than three weeks, in a move described as a correction following a strong run up.
Meanwhile, the BSE benchmark Sensex moved down by 25.18 points of 0.10 per cent to end at 26,246.79.

Morning Plum: Could GOP voting restrictions help swing SenateBy Greg Sargent October 8 Follow @theplumlinegs
It’s become a cliche to point out that Democratic hopes of keeping the Senate turn on whether they can mobilize the low and moderate-propensity voters that tend to sit out midterm elections — single women, minorities, younger voters.
But what if Republican state laws restricting voting end up being a key factor in keeping that turnout down — and, by extension, in facilitating a GOP takeover of the Senate?
In a must-read, the New York Times’ Trip Gabriel raises that possibility :
Just weeks before elections that will decide control of the Senate and crucial governors’ races, a cascade of court rulings about voting rules, issued by judges with an increasingly partisan edge, are sowing confusion and changing voting procedures with the potential to affect outcomes in some states.
Gabriel reports that this may be taking place in two states that could help determine control of the Senate, North Carolina and Arkansas:
In North Carolina, where a crucial Senate race is underway, Gov. Pat McCrory, a Republican, is appealing to the Supreme Court a lower-court ruling that blocked parts of the state’s voting law, one of the country’s most restrictive.
Courts in Texas and Arkansas are also expected to rule shortly on voter ID laws, which were pushed by Republicans in the name of ensuring the integrity of elections, and opposed by Democrats who argue they suppress turnout. Numerous studies have found that in-person fraud, which ID laws are meant to prevent, is almost nonexistent.
The case of North Carolina is particularly interesting. The GOP candidate in the race, Thom Tillis, helped preside over the state legislature’s passage of tough voting restrictions. This was partly responsible for sparking a backlash, making this yet another way the North Carolina race is a referendum on right-wing state-level governance , and not just on Obama policies. A judge blocked parts of that law last week , allowing for registration and voting on the same day and for ballots cast in wrong precincts to be counted. But, strikingly, Republicans are appealing this decision, and trying to get the restrictions reinstated, on the grounds that the court’s change could sow voter confusion.
Meanwhile, Democrats in Arkansas say intensive efforts to register new voters are underway — you should expect an announcement on that soon. These are part of a broader voter mobilization push that may be unprecedented in the state, because it has not been competitive in recent presidential elections. With incumbent Senator Mark Pryor trailing in the polls, voter mobilization is crucial to his hopes of prevailing against very difficult odds. Which mean the pending decision by the Arkansas Supreme Court on the state’s GOP-sponsored voter ID law could have an impact.
And so, one key subplot of this cycle is the tension between the Democrats’ vaunted Bannock Street Project to boost turnout among midterm drop-off voters, and Republican efforts to restrict voting in ways that could impact those same groups. Brian Beutler summed up the big picture this way : “the question isn’t just whether Democrats can find their drop-off supporters and turn them out to the polls, but, assuming that plan is successful, whether Republicans will let them vote when they get there.” Or, put another way, the question is whether the courts will let them.
* HAGAN AND TILLIS DEBATE IN NORTH CAROLINA: Rebecca Berg has a useful overview of last night’s debate between Kay Hagan and Thom Tillis, concluding Hagan successfully made it all about local issues such as education cuts , and resisted Tillis’ efforts to shift over to national issues like Obamacare. Berg concludes that Hagan was “in control” and “exhibiting a confident nonchalance.”
If Dems do hang on, the fact that education cuts served as a more important issue than Obamacare in this state carried by Mitt Romney will be one of the cycle’s surprises.
 * HAGAN HITS TILLIS OVER MEDICAID EXPANSION: The Charlotte Observer has a collection of videos of key exchanges during the debate , and this one usefully frames what happened:
“I assume you’re proud you voted with him 96 percent of the time,” Tillis said. “I think it’s fair to make this election about his policies.”
Hagan’s response: “One hundred percent of the time Speaker Tillis’ policies have hurt North Carolina,” she said. “He’s gutted education, killed the equal pay bill, no Medicaid expansion.”
This race could end up being as much about right-wing governance at the state level than about the national Obummer agenda , or even more so. Also: Here is a place where the politics of the Medicaid expansion — which Hagan raised at other points, too — have come uncoupled from the politics of Obamacare.
* WHAT TO WATCH IN GEORGIA SENATE RACE: Nate Cohn takes a look at the data and determines that polls of the Georgia Senate race, which show Republican David Perdue with a small but meaningful lead, may be under-counting black voters :
Combining the data on registered voters with census data on the voter-eligible population, I expect the 2014 electorate to be about 64.2 percent white and 28.8 percent black. (Ms. Nunn is expected to win at least 90 percent of the black vote.) Yet the last four nonpartisan polls that released demographic data showed an electorate that’s 65.7 percent white and 25.7 percent black. Those polls show Mr. Perdue ahead by 3.3 points, but they would show something closer to a dead heat if the likely electorate matched my estimates.
* HOW OBAMA WILL BE USED IN ELECTION: The New York Times lavishes hundreds and hundreds of words on the unremarkable idea that Democrats in tough reelection fights in difficult states want to keep the unpopular president at a distance, but this is an interesting tidbit about how Dems will use Obama:
“We have built on the targeting and turnout operations that the Obama campaign developed and are involving the president to engage voters in the most efficient ways,” said Matt Canter, a senior official at the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. Mr. Obama is taping recordings that will be used for get-out-the-vote phone calls, radio ads and videos. But that such targeted efforts — “efficient ways,” as Mr. Canter put it — are being used, rather than deploying the president to swing states, speaks to his weak standing.
As we’ve been reporting here , control of the Senate will turn on whether Democrats do better — even marginally so — at turning out their core midterm drop-off voters.
 * UNINSURED RATE DROPS: This finding from Gallup is significant:
The Affordable Care Act, commonly referred to as “Obamacare,” appears to be meeting its goal of reducing the percentage of Americans without health insurance. The uninsured rate remained steady from the second quarter of 2014 at 13.4% in the third quarter. This is the lowest recorded uninsured rate since Gallup and Healthways began tracking it in 2008. The previous low point was 14.4% in the third quarter of 2008.
But but but Obamacare is a disaster, because, well, this just has to be true.
* GARDNER PULLS HOMINA-HOMINA-HOMINA ON CLIMATE: Colorado GOP Senate candidate Cory Gardner declined to answer at yesterday’s debate when asked whether humans are the leading cause of climate change . Senator Mark Udall was asked the same question, and he replied: “Yes.”
* AND DEMOCRATS ARE NOT OUT OF IT YET: Senator John Thune, who is raising money for GOP Senate candidates, was asked whether Republicans could still blow it, despite being favored to take the Senate. His answer :
“The Democrats are hanging around.”
The averages continue to show Republicans narrowly favored to win. But the story, remarkably, continues to be that the most endangered Dem incumbents simply have not been put away, and many key races remain very tight and could still go either way.
 
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Live Cricket Score: India vs West Indies 1st ODIMarlon Samuels, with an unbeaten 126, equalled his highest — 126 vs Bangladesh — in One-day Internationals in Kochi on Wednesday (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Kochi | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:39 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:04 pm
West Indies put behind an acrimonious pay dispute with their Board to spank number one ranked India by a huge margin of 124 runs in the first one-dayer to take a 1-0 lead in the five-match series.
SCORECARD: IND vs WI
The Caribbeans, who were on the verge of boycotting the ODI, rode on Marlon Samuels’ career-best equalling 126 not out to post 321 for six and then shot out the Indians for 197 in 41 overs in a rather one-sided contest at the Nehru Stadium.
India paid the price for some mediocre bowling and shoddy batting as they were outplayed by the crisis-hit visiting team in all departments of the game to suffer a heavy defeat.
Indian bowlers gave away too many runs at the second part of West Indies innings to allow the visitors pile up a big total after being put into bat and then the much-vaunted home batsmen, except for Shikhar Dhawan (68), failed to fire on a batting pitch.
Most of Indian batsmen were out on poor shot selection and they could not stitch any substantial partnership in the face of some tight bowling by the visiting bowlers, the highest being the 49 in 8.4 overs for the opening wicket between Dhawan and Ajinkya Rahane (24). Dhawan’s scratchy 68 came from 92 balls with the help of nine fours.
Ravindra Jadeja (33 not out) was the other Indian batsman who scored more than 20 runs.
West Indies, even without their mystery spinner Sunil Narine, could tie down the top Indian batsmen who failed to get the runs when required.
Chasing a huge target of 322 for a win, India could not get to a good start as Rahane was run out in a bizarre mix-up in the ninth over with just 49 on board.
Rahane tapped the length ball off Ravi Rampaul on the pads between short fine leg and square leg and after taking the first run quickly, he wanted a second and continued to run hard. But, Dhawan went back after taking a step and both found themselves at the keeper’s end and Rahane had to depart for the dressing room.
Virat Kohli (2) continued his struggle for form and even on a batting pitch, he could not do much and got dismissed the next over after facing just five balls. Kohli defended a Jerome Taylor delivery which held its line on the backfoot with an angled bat and the outside edge flew to Sammy at wide slip for a low catch.
Ambati Rayudu (13) looked like he would settle down for a partnership with Dhawan but lasted just six overs before he was out in the 16th over.
India were in a spot of bother when Rayudu was out at 82 for three but the home side’s chances of a win was dealt a blow continued…
Samuels signalled his return to ODI cricket with a brilliantly crafted unbeaten century as West Indies put up a commanding 321 for six

Odisha: National parties not sincere about problems of masses  says CM Naveen Patnaik8
0
Phulbani: Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on Wednesday said that the people of the state have rejected both BJP and Congress for their hollow words and reposed faith in BJD which is "sincerely working to wipe out poverty and accelerate development".
"People of Odisha have rejected both BJP and Congress as these national parties are not sincere about addressing the basic problems faced by the masses," he told a BJD poll rally at Phiringia for the October 15 by-election to Kandhamal Lok Sabha seat.
Claiming that Congress and BJP are not bothered about the welfare of the people, Patnaik said it had driven them away from the voters in Odisha and led to their dismal performance in the last elections.
"People of Odisha have rejected both BJP and Congress as these national parties are not sincere about addressing the basic problems faced by the masses," Patnaik said.
#odisha #naveen patnaik #bjp #bjd
"The people have realised that these national parties would never work for the welfare of the poor and development of the state. "On the other hand, they have reposed their faith in BJD as they know that the regional party alone is capable of working for the development of Odisha by eradicating poverty and ensuring empowerment of weaker sections," Patnaik claimed.
The Chief Minister said that he would serve the state and its people till his last breath and the BJD government in Odisha is sincerely implementing the promises made by the party in its election manifesto for the general election. Referring to the development works undertaken by the government, he said steps had been initiated to convert all kuchha dwelling units into pucca ones, a special policy has been formulated for women empowerment and the government is committed to provide jobs to the unemployed youths.
Promising concrete steps for speedy development of backward and tribal-dominated Kandhamal, the chief minister said stress is being given on promoting horticulture in the region. BJD candidate for Kandhamal LS seat, Pratyusha Rajeswari Singh said she would work whole heartedly for fulflling the dreams of her late husband Hemendra Chandra Singh, who had won the seat in the April polls. The by-election was necessitated following the demise of Singh last month.
1

Monsanto Posts Larger-Than-Expected 4Q LossKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Eric Betzig  William Moerner  Stefan Hell win Chemistry NobelUpdated: October 8, 2014 19:03 IST
Eric Betzig, William Moerner, Stefan Hell win Chemistry Nobel
AP
Tweet
Reuters American scientists Eric Betzig (L) and William Moerner (R) and Germany's Stefan Hell won the 2014 Nobel prize for chemistry for the development of super-resolved fluorescence microscopy, the award-giving body said on Wednesday.
AP File Photo of German scientist Stefan Hell, winner of the 2014 Nobel Price for Chemistry along with Americans Eric Betzig and William Moerner.
VIDEO
science and technology
For developing new methods that let microscopes see finer details than they could before.
Americans Eric Betzig and William Moerner and German scientist Stefan Hell won the Nobel Prize in chemistry on Wednesday for developing new methods that let microscopes see finer details than they could before.
Announcement of the 2014 Nobel Prize in Chemistry http://t.co/kBdG9Byfo8
— The Nobel Prize (@NobelPrize) October 8, 2014
The three scientists were cited for “the development of super-resolved fluorescence microscopy,” which the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said had bypassed the maximum resolution of traditional optical microscopes.
“Their ground-breaking work has brought optical microscopy into the nano-dimension,” the academy said.
Betzig (54) works at the Howard Hughes Medfical Institute in Ashburn, Virginia. Hell (51) is director at the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry in Goettingen, Germany. Moerner (61) is a professor at Stanford University in California.
Stefan W. Hell explains his prize awarded work #nobelprize2014 http://t.co/jCPVtm1qHT
— The Nobel Prize (@NobelPrize) October 8, 2014
Last year’s chemistry prize went to three U.S.-based scientists who developed powerful computer models that researchers use to understand complex chemical interactions and create new drugs.
On Tuesday, Isamu Akasaki and Hiroshi Amano of Japan and Japanese-born U.S. scientist Shuji Nakamura won physics award for the invention of blue light-emitting diodes a breakthrough that spurred the development of LED technology that can be used to light up homes and offices and the screens of mobile phones, computers and TVs.
The Nobel Prize in literature will be announced on Thursday, followed by the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday and the economics prize on Monday.
The prizes will be handed out in ceremonies on December 10, the date that prize founder Alfred Nobel died in 1896. A wealthy Swedish industrialist who invented dynamite, Nobel wanted his awards to honour those who “have conferred the greatest benefit to mankind,” but gave only vague instructions on how to select winners.

Ceasefire violations: Sena slams Modi  Rahul questions PMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Godrej Consumer Products: Q2 results on Nov 01  2014Oct 08, 2014, 08.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Godrej Consumer Products: Q2 results on Nov 01, 2014
Godrej Consumer Products board meeting will be held on November 01, 2014, for the items to take on record the unaudited financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2) to consider declaration of second interim dividend for the financial year 2014-15.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Godrej Consumer Products: Q2 results on Nov 01, 2014
Godrej Consumer Products board meeting will be held on November 01, 2014, for the items to take on record the unaudited financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2) to consider declaration of second interim dividend for the financial year 2014-15.
Post your opinion here
 
Godrej Consumer Products Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 01, 2014, inter alia, for the following items:1. to take on record the unaudited financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2);2. to consider declaration of second interim dividend for the financial year 2014-15;Further, as per the Company's Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading, the trading window for dealing in the securities of the Company is closed for all Directors and designated employees from October 01, 2014 till November 02, 2014 (both days inclusive).Source : BSE

Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation: Updates on Outcome of AGMOct 08, 2014, 08.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation: Updates on Outcome of AGM
Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation has submitted a copy of the 51st Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 25, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation: Updates on Outcome of AGM
Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation has submitted a copy of the 51st Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 25, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the 51st Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 25, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

FLORIAN PLAUCHEUR / AFP - Getty Images
Sears shares drop 15 percentSears shares drop by as much as 15 percent
Sears: No significant term debt maturities until 2018
Sears has responded to reports that three of the biggest insurance firms are reducing coverage. Bloomberg's Mia Saini reports on "Money Clip."
Sears has responded to reports that three of the biggest insurance firms are reducing coverage. Bloomberg's Mia Saini reports on "Money Clip."
Sears stock takes a beating after a vendor halts shipments to the retailer.
J.C. Penney shares clobbered after CFO warns that quarterly sales would be lower than thought.
Shares in both Sears and J.C. Penney took a hit Wednesday in the wake of sales and news reports that highlighted challenges.
8
Shares of Sears Holdings Corp., the parent company of Sears, were down more than 15 percent earlier in the day after a news report that an unnamed vendor was halting shipments to the retailer as the holiday season approaches. And shares of J.C. Penney fell more than 12 percent after Chief Financial Officer Ed Record told analysts that third-quarter sales in stores open at least a year would be lower than previously announced.
Sinking ships in the night.
Duke71
4
The Sears dip came as Bloomberg News reported that a Sears vendor was halting shipments because it couldn’t obtain insurance to guarantee it would be paid for its products. The report, citing unnamed sources, also noted that “three of the biggest insurance firms for Sears suppliers” are reducing their coverage.
Credit insurance provides suppliers protection against nonpayment for products delivered. For Sears, which has posted 30 straight quarters of declining sales, the shrinking support from insurers may make it harder to stock products and execute a comeback.
A Sears spokesman said the retailer “continues to meet “all of our obligations,” has $6.5 billion in inventory and that no insurer has ever had to pay a claim to a vendor tied to its business.
“We want to make sure our vendors and the market place know all the facts and understand that Sears Holdings has significant financial flexibility to executive our transformation and meet our obligations,” the spokesman said in an emailed statement.
Sears shares are off more than 50 percent since this time last year. Earlier this month, Sears said it planned to sell most of its 51 percent stake in Sears Canada to raise $380 million. And last month, CEO Eddie Lampert’s hedge fund pledged a $400 million loan to give the company a boost.
J.C. Penney, meanwhile, said it expected low-single digit percentage growth in same-store sales in the third quarter ending October. The company had earlier forecast mid-single digit growth.
Analysts on average were expecting a 5.3 percent increase in same-store sales, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
J.C. Penney's shares were down 11.8 percent at $8.10 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday.
At its analyst day in New York, J.C. Penney Chief Executive Myron Ullman outlined plans to generate incremental sales of $2 billion between 2015 and 2017, by revamping high traffic areas of its stores.
Reuters contributed.

The worlds second-richest man thinks we should all be working lessSonali Kohli @Sonali_Kohli
October 8, 2014
The ideal work-life balance is to work three days a week, 11 hours a day, until you’re 75.  That’s what Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim told CNN  in a recent interview.
“I think machines will work 24 hours, service should work as much as possible, everything should work more, but you should have more time for you during all your life,” Slim told CNN’s Christine Romans. “You will have more time for entertainment, for family, for quality of your life, and also to train, to find a better job. … And you will make stronger the economy, stronger the markets, and the stronger everything.”
Slim, who amassed his $82 billion fortune  in telecom—and, at age 74, has shown no signs of slowing—has been pushing for a shorter work week for a while now. In July, he preached the same idea  at a business conference in Paraguay.
Workers in Mexico work far more hours per year than their counterparts in other OECD countries—and they have for quite a while.

NCL Research: Outcome of board meeting (Bonus Issue Sub-division of equity shares)Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

U.S. Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan diesUpdated: October 9, 2014 00:03 IST
U.S. Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan dies
Narayan Lakshman
AP Thomas Eric Duncan, the first Ebola patient diagnosed in the U.S. died in a Dallas hospital on Wednesday.
TOPICS
USA
The first-ever U.S.-diagnosed Ebola patient, a Liberian man, who was hospitalised here for ten days, died on Wednesday morning, according to an announcement by the hospital in Dallas, Texas, where he was being treated.
On Saturday, hospital officials changed the health condition of Thomas Eric Duncan, who remained in an isolation ward since his admission, from serious to critical.
Despite being put on a ventilator and kidney dialysis and receiving the experimental antiviral drug brincidofovir, Duncan, who is believed to have been exposed to the disease before leaving his country on September 19, died at 7:51 am local time.
His case appeared to prompt some controversy in terms of why the hospital delayed in admitting him when he first came to its emergency department on September 26, despite his recent travel history in West Africa and symptoms of fever and abdominal pain that he was experiencing, typical of Ebola.
Since then concerns have mounted that the hospital’s action in sending him home may have exposed more people in the community to the virus, although Duncan’s fiancée and three of her family members were reportedly held in quarantine for more than a week given that they lived in the same apartment with him.
Nearly four dozen other local residents were said to be under monitoring for at least 21 days, the normal incubation period of the virus, because they apparently had direct or indirect contact with Duncan, yet they were not showing any signs of the disease, according to public health officials.
State Health Commissioner David Lakey issued a statement following Duncan’s death saying that the past week had been an “enormous test of our health system,” adding, “We’ll continue every effort to contain the spread of the virus and protect people from this threat.”
Since Duncan’s case came to light there have been nearly 5,000 false alarms among the calls received by the Centre for Disease Control, the federal agency leading the containment effort for Ebola, whose outbreak has led to nearly 3,400 deaths reported in West Africa.

Odisha sets  zero casualty  target as Hudhud approaches coastOdisha sets 'zero casualty' target as Hudhud approaches coast
PTI  Bhubaneswar, October 08, 2014
First Published: 21:05 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:29 IST(9/10/2014)
As the cyclonic storm approaches the Odisha-Andhra Pradesh coast and makes landfall on Sunday, the state government on Wednesday set a "zero casualty" target, making preparation at par with that made to deal with Cyclone Phailin last year.
Advertisement
"The Government will strive for zero casualty. District collectors must prepare immediately and keep the evacuation plan in respect to their districts ready, giving highest priority to most vulnerable villages and habitations," said a spokesman of the special relief commissioner.
The state government which earned worldwide praise for effectively handling Cyclone Phailin last year, has taken Hudhud cyclone as a challenge. The casualty in the Phailin was around 20.
While cancelling leave of all government employees, the state administration set up control rooms in various departments and the district offices immediately activated to function round the clock.
Personnel of the ODRAF (Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force), NDRF and fire services have been deployed in advance to areas likely to be affected by the cyclone and associated floods to carry out search and rescue operations and assist in evacuation operations, the official said.
Read: Cyclone Hudhud may hit north Andhra, Odisha by Oct 12: Met dept
The state government also asked district collectors to take special care while shifting the old, infirm, physically challenged, women, and children to safer places and cyclone shelters much before the occurrence of the disaster.
"Cyclone and flood shelters must be checked and made ready to house the evacuees," the spokesman said, adding that arrangements for food and medicine, baby food, water supply, lighting and sanitation in the shelters should be checked and curative measures taken, if any required.
Other buildings as per requirement should also be identified by the district administration for use as shelter where water supply, lighting and sanitation arrangements are to be made, the state's instruction to the districts said.
As flood is always associated with cyclone, boat arrangements must be made in advance, it said, adding the water level of dams and minor irrigation projects must be monitored and the storage level reduced if required.
Further, rainfall in the upstreams of the rivers should be monitored regularly, it said.
Availability of sufficient food in hostels of all residential schools of ST & SC Development Department and other departments in the cyclone prone areas should be ensured, the collectors and the Departments concerned said.

LIVE - 1st ODI: Dhawan soldiers on for India in chase against West Indiesprint
India suffered a batting collapse, losing five wickets for 63 runs, as West Indies - riding an unbeaten century from Marlon Samuels - started the five-match series with a massive 124 runs win in the first ODI at the Nehru Stadium in Kochi on Wednesday.
Marlon Samuels struck a superb unbeaten century to fire the West Indies to an impressive 321 for six in 50 overs.
Chasing a stiff target, India made a good start with openers Ajinkya Rahane (28) and Shikhar Dhawan (68) adding 49 runs for the first wicket. Rahane was run out after a poor call that saw both the openers ending up at the same end and soon India were reduced to 83 for four.
Dhawan, however, kept scoreboard moving and hit nine fours in his 92 balls knock but he saw wickets falling a regular intervals at the other end. The Delhi batsman fell in the 29th over triggering a batting collapse as India lost last five wickets for 63 runs.
Ravindra Jadeja played a lone hand and remained unbeaten on 33 from 36 balls.
Samuels picked up two wickets with his off-spin and was adjudged as the man of the match. Pacers Ravi Rampaul and Dwayne Bravo also picked up two wickets each.
Earlier, Samuels struck a crafty 126 not out off 116 deliveries, his sixth ODI hundred, as West Indies batsmen plundered the Indian bowling after being put in by Mahendra Singh Dhoni.
Samuels' 116-ball innings was studded with 11 fours and four sixes. Denesh Ramdin also made 61 while Dwayne Smith scored 46.
Recalled for the series against India after being dropped for the recent tour to Bangladesh, Samuels scored freely and posted 165 for the fourth wicket with Ramdin, who struck five fours and two sixes in his 59-ball innings.
West Indies started the innings with skipper Bravo (17) promoting himself up the order to open with Smith. But the move failed as the all-rounder was dismissed in the 8th over with 34 runs on board after scoring just 17 runs.
However, Smith and stylish left-hander Darren Bravo (28) added 64 for the second wicket to give the West Indies a stable start. Smith struck four fours and two sixes during his 45-ball stay but both the batsmen fell in quick succession to leave the West Indies at 120 for three in the 23rd over.
Samuels and Ramdin then took control of the innings to lead a Caribbean onslaught that left the Indian bowling unit look like a hapless lot.
For India, pacer Mohammed Shami was the pick of the bowlers, bagging four for 66 from his nine overs while spinners Ravindra Jadeja and Amit Mishra picked up a wicket each. Pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar was the most economical, conceding 38 runs from his full quota of 10 overs.

Ebola patient in Texas dies: US hospitalFirst Ebola patient diagnosed in the US dies in Texas hospital
Reuters
Dallas, Texas, October 08, 2014
First Published: 20:58 IST(8/10/2014)
print
The first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States, Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan, died on Wednesday morning at a Dallas hospital, a hospital spokesman said.
"It is with profound sadness and heartfelt disappointment that we must inform you of the death of Thomas Eric Duncan this morning at 7:51 am," hospital spokesman Wendell Watson said in an emailed statement.
Duncan became ill after arriving in the Texas city from Liberia on Sept. 20 to visit family, heightening concerns the world's worst Ebola outbreak on record could spread outside of the three worst-hit West African countries. About 48 people with whom Duncan had been in contact are being monitored.
Read: Britain sends 750 military personnel to combat Ebola
Ebola has killed more than 3,400 people in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea since the outbreak began in March, nearly half of all those infected, according to the World Health Organization. While several American patients have been flown to the United States from West Africa for treatment, Duncan was the first person to start showing symptoms of the disease on US soil.
A Spanish nurse who treated a priest who worked in the region is also infected.
Duncan was able to fly to the United States from Liberia's capital Monrovia, which is at the epicenter of the Ebola outbreak, because he did not have a fever when screened at the airport and filled out a questionnaire saying he had not been in contact with anyone infected with Ebola.
Read: UN okays $49.9 mn funding for Ebola response
Liberian officials have since said that he lied on the questionnaire and had been in contact with a pregnant woman who later died of the disease. Ebola can take as long as three weeks before its victims show symptoms, at which point the disease becomes contagious. Ebola, which can cause fever, vomiting and diarrhea, spreads through contact with bodily fluids such as blood or saliva.
Duncan began feeling ill shortly after his arrival in Texas. He went to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas on Sept. 25, but was initially sent home with antibiotics. His condition worsened, he returned Sept. 28 by ambulance and was diagnosed with the disease.
"The past week has been an enormous test of our health system, but for one family it has been far more personal. Today they lost a dear member of their family. They have our sincere condolences, and we are keeping them in our thoughts," David Lakey, commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services said in a statement.
Read: Universal Ebola drug target identified
Officials have said as many as 48 people may have been exposed to the disease by Duncan, and that the 10 people at highest risk are cooperating with public health authorities by staying in quarantine voluntarily. The other 38 people who may have been exposed are being checked routinely for fever.
US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Director Dr. Thomas Frieden said he was confident the disease would not spread widely within the United States. US officials are also expanding their response in West Africa.

U.S. deficit drops yet again - sharplyDeficit drops yet again - sharply
By Jeanne Sahadi   @CNNMoney October 8, 2014: 12:01 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The federal budget deficit just keeps getting smaller.
It fell sharply in 2014 -- its fifth consecutive annual decline.
That's according to an estimate Wednesday by the Congressional Budget Office . The deficit for fiscal year 2014, which ended on Sept. 30, will come in at roughly $486 billion, the CBO said. The Treasury Department will report the official number in a few weeks.
The 2014 number is $195 billion less than a year earlier. And as a share of the economy, the deficit dropped to 2.8% of GDP from 4.1% last year.
The deficit is the gap between how much the government spends and how much it takes in over the year. It borrows to make up the difference.
The biggest reason for the slide: An improving economy , higher taxes, and continued spending restraint.
Revenue grew by 9% over the prior year, or by $239 billion. That growth was fueled largely by a 7% jump in income and payroll tax receipts combined. Corporate tax revenue rose by 18%.
Spending, meanwhile, only grew by 1% over 2013. The bulk of that growth came from mandatory spending, which Congress doesn't vote on annually. Spending on Social Security benefits went up 5% and Medicare spending rose 2.7%. Medicaid spending jumped nearly 14%, primarily because of health reform provisions that went into effect in January 2014.
But the spending increases were largely offset by drops in outlays for defense and some domestic programs.
Defense spending fell by 5%, or $30 billion, while spending by the Department of Housing and Urban Development dropped by 31%, or $18 billion. And unemployment benefits fell by 34%, or $24 billion.
But the days of falling deficits may be numbered.
"Fiscal restraint is falling out of fashion," Greg Valliere, chief political strategist at the Potomac Research Group, noted recently.
For the past few years, lawmakers have only passed spending and tax measures that didn't add to the deficit -- using what's known as budget "pay fors."
Related: Despite dropping deficits, debt picture a concern
But there's a good chance they won't end up paying for the total cost of extending a host of tax breaks by the end of December or replenishing the Highway Trust Fund, among other measures.
Plus, given the swell in geopolitical troubles, lawmakers may want to reverse the budget cuts on tap for defense created by the "sequester," the across-the-board cuts Congress forced on itself. The sequester was never intended to go into effect, since it was only supposed to prod lawmakers to find a smarter, more gradual way to reduce deficits.
Any easing of the sequester for defense could, in turn, "prompt Democrats to demand that [the sequester] be dropped for domestic spending as well," Valliere said.
But even if Congress keeps the spending curbs in place, the CBO has noted previously that annual deficits will start to move up again in a couple of years, and the country's accumulated debt will again start rising faster than the economy.
First Published: October 8, 2014: 11:22 AM ET
Most Popular

Vultures face extinction in Indian subcontinent: UN report12
0
New Delhi: The endangered vultures are on the brink of extinction in Indian continent, a UN report on biodiversity today said regretting that a veterinary drug responsible for their deaths continue to be available in the
market despite a ban.
The vulture population has, in fact, witnessed one of the "most dramatic declines" of a wild species in human history, it said.
The vulture population has, in fact, witnessed one of the "most dramatic declines" of a wild species in human history, it said.
#vulture #extinction #india #un
"Once present in numbers ranging over tens of millions across India, Pakistan,  Bhutan, Nepal and Bangladesh, vultures today are on the brink of extinction," the United Nations progress report on the state of global biodiversity said.
Across Indian continent, the population of three formerly common species of vultures -- Oriental White Backed vulture, Long-billed Vulture and Slender-billed Vulture-- have declined "precipitously".
Indian government had approved the use of an alternative vulture-safe drug in 2006 as it put a ban on a commonly-used drug used for treating domestic livestock that is highly toxic to vultures, causing death due to kidney failures.
"Despite this, there is mounting evidence that the drug continues to be available and used for veterinary purpose, resulting in continuation of vulture deaths and losses in valuable ecosystem in the region," the report said.
The report, however, hailed India's move to encourage balanced fertiliser use so as to maintain soil biodiversity and to sustain and increase the rate of agriculture productivity.
"A recent reform of fertilizer pricing has been brought into effect to liberalise the prices of potassium and while increasing the prices of urea by 10 per cent.
"This is to encourage use of potassium, phosphorous and micro-nutrient-based fertiliser while reducing the use of urea which has more damaging effects on the environment", the report said.
2

Suryanelli gangrape case: SC seeks Kerala s reply on convicts  plea3
0
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Wednesday sought response from the Kerala Government on a petition filed by 16 of the 24 convicts challenging their conviction and varying quantum of sentence in the Suryanelli gangrape case.
A bench comprising Justices SJ Mukhopadhaya and PC Pant issued notice to the state government on the appeals against the Kerala High Court's April 4 judgement upholding the verdict of the trial court.
The High Court had confirmed the life sentence of one convict and varying sentences awarded by the trial court at Kottayam, to other 23. Dharmarajan, who was awarded life term, has not yet approached the apex court.
A bench comprising Justices SJ Mukhopadhaya and PC Pant issued notice to the state government on the appeals against the Kerala High Court's April 4 judgement upholding the verdict of the trial court.
#suryanelli gangrape case #supreme court #kerala government
There were 36 people who faced trial in the 18-year-old case, of which five died during the trial. Seven were acquitted.
The case relates to a victim, who was a minor at the time and was taken to various places in Kerala and Tamil Nadu by the convicts, travelling about 3000 km during a 40-day ordeal when she was raped by over 40 persons, before being released on February 26, 1996.
The court awarded sentences varying from five to 13 years and imposed fines on the 23 convicts.
Convicts Raju, a bus conductor in Idukki, and Usha were awarded 13 years rigorous jail term for procuring the minor girl and giving her to the other convicts.
The High Court had rejected the contentions of convicts touching on the character of the victim. Their contention that the girl did not make any attempt to escape from their custody was also turned down.
2

Justice Kennedy puts a temporary hold on gay marriages in Idaho and NevadaBy Niraj Chokshi October 8 Follow @NirajC
Amber Beierle she receives a kiss from partner Rachael Beierle while waiting to address media outside the James A. McClure Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse Tuesday, in Boise, Idaho. (AP Photo/The Idaho Statesman, Kyle Green)
On Wednesday, Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy put a temporary hold on a lower court’s ruling that same-sex marriages may begin in Idaho and Nevada.
The order comes in response to an emergency request by the administration of Idaho Gov. Butch Otter seeking a recall of the lower-court decision that both state’s marriage bans were unconstitutional. While Justice Kennedy’s order is a response to Idaho’s request, it applies to both states. The delay may not last long, however, as Kennedy gave plaintiffs in the case until 5 p.m. on Thursday to file a response.
The Otter administration’s emergency motion, filed on Wednesday morning, argues that the Tuesday decision by a three-judge panel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals immediately striking the state same-sex marriage bans “short-circuited the normal process.”
County clerks had been preparing to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples Wednesday morning, and at least one Idaho couple may have succeeded in getting married, according to local reports:
#twinfalls county's first gay couple to get married, Don Moline and Clint Newlan #idpol pic.twitter.com/OJ4tF9eWre
— Times-News Politics (@IdahoGovernment) October 8, 2014
Wednesday’s order follows the Monday decision by the Supreme Court to let three similar same-sex marriage rulings by appeals courts stand. As a result, same-sex couples can now marry in more than half the states. If the 9th Circuit decision goes into effect, same-sex marriage could soon be allowed in as many as 35 states. In light of that Monday decision by the Supreme Court, a decision to put the 9th Circuit’s Tuesday ruling on hold for very long would be surprising, the Associated Press reports .
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.

Redskins add CB Ducre  LB BeauharnaisBy Mike Jones October 8 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Steve Beauharnais, left, takes on Adam Hayward during a joint practice in August. Beauharnais, who was with the Patriots then, joins the Redskins this week. (Skip Rowland/Associated Press)
The Redskins announced that they have signed cornerback Greg Ducre to the 53-man roster, a day after cutting cornerback Richard Crawford and safety Akeem Davis.
Ducre, a 5-foot-10, 183-pound rookie out of Washington , previously had been on the San Diego Chargers practice squad. Ducre this preseason recorded 11 tackles and an assist.
The Redskins on Tuesday filled one of their roster spots created by the cuts of Crawford and Davis by promoting linebacker Jackson Jeffcoat to the 53-man roster.
Washington on Wednesday also announced they have signed inside linebacker Steve Beauharnais to the practice squad. A second-year pro out of Rutgers , the 6-2, 230-pound Beauharnais appeared in two games for the Patriots last season, recording one tackle.
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered in Tuesday’s  Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah pays $3 million for West Side padBulls' Joakim Noah pays almost $3 million for city pad
Chicago Bulls Joakim Noah
Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune
Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah reacts late in the fourth quarter of game 5 of the first round of the NBA Playoffs at the United Center in Chicago.
Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah reacts late in the fourth quarter of game 5 of the first round of the NBA Playoffs at the United Center in Chicago. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune)
By Bob Goldsborough, Special to the Tribune
Pro Basketball Chicago Bulls Joakim Noah NBA
With Bulls now practicing next to United Center, Joakim Noah buys city home.
Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah has ditched his longtime home in the northern suburbs and decamped to the city, where he recently paid almost  $3 million for a 7,000-square-foot place that puts him closer to the Bulls’ new practice facility next door to the United Center on the Near West Side.

PM Modi propels India-themed funds to the top spot in 2014PM Narendra Modi propels India-themed funds to the top spot in 2014
Chris Vellacott        Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 11:52 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Emerging markets have provided investors with the best and worst returns of 2014, with league tables of mutual fund performance showing India-themed vehicles dominating the top and Russia conspicuous at the bottom.
Mutual funds specialising in Indian stocks account for 25 of the top 30 performers out of more than 3,400 funds available for sale in the UK for the first nine months of 2014, according to data from Lipper, a Thomson Reuters company that tracks the asset management industry.
The Sensex reached an all-time high on September 8 and by the end of the month had climbed more than 28 per cent from the start of the year. India-focused funds topping the league table have returned 40-50 per cent this year.
Much of this momentum was spurred by euphoria surrounding Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's landslide election victory in May and his pro-business pledges to boost growth.
Avinash Vazirani, manager of Jupiter Asset Management's India fund, which ranked 12th after growing 37 per cent over the nine months to the end of September, says India's economy is set to enjoy a further lift in coming months from a weak oil price.
India imports most of its energy so a falling oil price will benefit the government's Budget, boost the balance of trade and help curb inflation, in turn leading to possible interest rate cuts, he said.
"All of this is very positive for the economy. Add to that mix a new prime minister whose sole focus appears to be getting things done. He's actually realised what ails India is lack of execution," Vazirani said.
In contrast, the bottom fifth of the performance rankings list is dominated by Russia-themed funds.
Russian assets have endured months of punishment from a triple whammy of Western sanctions in response to Moscow's role in the Ukraine crisis, an economy headed for recession and the impact of falling oil prices on its budget and balance of payments.
Nine of the bottom 10 funds are Russia-focused, losing between 20 percent and 27 percent over the period. The rouble denominated MCX equities index is down around 7 percent.
To some investors the contrasting performance of two 'emerging' countries highlights the folly of lumping together dozens of diverse economies in a single emerging markets category for the purpose of devising benchmarks.
"Rather than recognising the enormous nuances that exist between countries and corporations across the globe ... markets tend instead to boil everything down to simple binary choices," said Jan Dehn, head of research at emerging markets focused fund manager Ashmore Investment Management in London.
"The reality is that EM is now extremely diverse and nuanced. The challenges facing Russia today have absolutely nothing to do with anything happening in the Brazilian election. Optimism in India over the new Modi administration tells us nothing whatsoever about Erdogan's political agenda in Turkey."
(Reuters)

Ricky Ponting adds fuel to fire  says England clique are bulliesPonting said similar on-field calling out of team-mates would not be tolerated in the Australia side. (Source: Reuters)
Agence-France Presse | London | Posted: October 8, 2014 7:56 pm
Former Australia captain Ricky Ponting has spoken up in support of Kevin Pietersen’s allegations of a “bullying” culture within the England team.
Pietersen, in one of several controversial claims in his recently-published autobiography, accused England’s senior bowlers and wicketkeeper Matt Prior of aggressively demanding apologies from team-mates not in their clique for any mistakes they made while fielding.
Retired off-spinner Graeme Swann, one of the bowlers singled out by Pietersen, said Wednesday there was “absolutely no bullying” but Ponting, Australia’s captain from 2004-11 supported the claims of England’s all-time leading run-scorer.
“We saw them doing it, (James) Anderson was always the same, and Swann,” Ponting told the Sydney Daily Telegraph on Wednesday.
“The pointing of fingers and you’d hear a few expletives if there was a misfield or a dropped catch.
“The guys who were doing it were the so-called leaders. That’s where the captain has got to come in, not wait and let little things turn into big things. That’s what it sounds like has happened in this England team.”
Ponting was not involved in the two most recent Test series between the arch-rivals — England’s 2013 success and Australia’s 2013/14 5-0 whitewash triumph on home spoil after which Pietersen was effectively sacked by the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB).
However, the 39-year-old — on the winning side in several Ashes series but the losing skipper in 2005, 2009 and 2010/11 — insisted the ‘bullying’ observed by former England captain Pietersen had been evident for some time. - ‘Implode pretty quickly’ -
“They had a lot of very good players that were able to achieve a lot of success as a team,” Ponting said.
“But if you could just get inside of them and start pulling them apart, we always had a feeling they would implode pretty quickly and that’s what’s happened over the past 12 months.”
Pietersen tweeted a link to Ponting’s quotes on Twitter with the comment: “PLS READ THIS.”
Meanwhile Ponting said similar on-field calling out of team-mates would not be tolerated in the Australia side.
“If a young bloke had dropped a catch and a bowler went off at him, that’s just not acceptable,” he said.
“No one means to drop a catch, no one means to bowl a bad ball, no one means to play a bad shot. It just happens in a game and you have to accept it and move on,” Ponting added.
Earlier, Michael Vaughan ridiculed a leaked ECB report into Pietersen’s alleged misbehaviour during the Ashes whitewash in Australia.
Among the ‘offences’ of which Pietersen was accused were “staring out the window” and “looking at his watch” during team meetings led by then coach Andy Flower.
It also said he whistled after being dismissed in the final Test in Sydney, and told his team-mates to get thicker skins when they complained of criticism of their performance in tweets by his friend Piers Morgan, the television interviewer, when England were 4-0 down in the Ashes.
Embarrassingly for the ECB, the document also incorrectly spelt England captain Alastair Cook’s name as “Alistair”.

J.C. Penney plummets as investors cash out ofJ.C. Penney plunges 11%, Sears off 5%
By: Gary Strauss October 8, 2014 11:05 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
J.C. Penney JCP   tanked 11% to $8.19 Wednesday after an upbeat analyst presentation on the future of the venerable retail chain soured on what’s happening in the present.
The department store chain’s CEO, Mike Ullman, and senior managers met with stock analysts in New York, where they outlined growth plans through 2017  and forecast annual revenue hitting $14.5 billion,  up about 17% from the $12.4 billion in revenue expected in 2014.
Penney said it was banking on a re-launch of its e-commerce business to reinvigorate the brand. And Ullman noted that mall shoppers have returned to 2011 levels and that the chain is “competing effectively” in what’s generally regarded as a tough retail environment.
Stock analysts, however, keyed in on current quarter sales, which Chief Financial Officer Ed Record said were trending to low-single digits, down from previous guidance of mid-single digit gains.  The dour forecast chilled reception to Penney’s turnaround plans, igniting a head-for-the-exits selling spree.
The 1,060-store chain lost its mojo under former CEO Ron Johnson, the former Apple retail store executive who tried to overhaul Penney’s product mix and briefly put an end to the rolling markdowns and sales that long-time customers were accustomed to. Management resumed discounting under Ullman.
Wall Street had been banking on a faster turnaround. But before Wednesday’s selloff, Credit Suisse’ Michael Exstein  said without top-line growth, it was difficult to justify Penney’s stock price – then $9.44. Exstein is maintaining an “underperform” rating on the retailer and has a  $7 price target on Penney shares.
Rival Sears  fared worse  Wednesday before a broad market rally cut early losses.  Sears SHLD,  off 18% in morning trading,  ended off 5% at   $28.85 following reports that vendors worried over the chain’s finances are halting shipments ahead of the crucial holiday shopping season.
In a statement, Sears said there were no “material interruptions in the flow of goods to our company” and that its stores are well stocked.
Follow story stocks on Twitter @gstrauss_ 

http://usat.ly/1CUGdV2More trouble coming every day: VIX funds win on down day
By: John Waggoner October 8, 2014 9:27 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Are you worried? Anxious? Concerned that OH MY GOD IS THAT A BIG BEAR MARKET STARTING RIGHT NOW?
Edvard Munch’s “The Scream” (Sotheby’s Auction House via AP)
Just kidding. But if you made a big bet on fear Tuesday, you really cleaned up.
Exchange-traded funds that key off the VIX, the so-called fear index, soared during Tuesday’s 273-point meltdown in the Dow Jones industrial average. The VIX measures what options traders think stock volatility will be. People fear downside volatility more than upside volatility — hence the “fear index” moniker.
Let’s start with a fund that no sane person would use as a long-term holding: VelocityShares Daily 2x VIX Short-term ETN (ticker: TVIX). The fund — actually a short-term unsecured bank IOU — soared 14.5% Tuesday, according to Morningstar, the Chicago investment trackers. The fund is designed to rise twice as fast as the short-term VIX index. (It will also fall twice as fast as the index, which is why most rational investors wouldn’t touch it.)
ProShares Ultra VIX short-term futures (UVXY) was the second-best ETF Tuesday. It’s a bona fide exchange-traded fund.
Not surprisingly, two of the worst EFTs and ETNs Tuesday were these funds’ doppelgangers: ProShares Short VIX Short-term Futures (SVXY), down 7.2% and VelocityShares Daily Inverse VIX ST ETN (XIV), also down 7.2%. These funds rise when the VIX falls, and vice-versa.
 

http://usat.ly/1rWVNuuFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
1,200-hp '70 Pontiac Firebird sells for $87,000
It's not often that a Pontiac Firebird can match the horsepower of the Bugatti Veyron supercar. But this one does. The 1970 Firebird has been rebuilt with modern components. The 480-cubic-inch Pontiac engine
Post to Facebook
1,200-hp '70 Pontiac Firebird sells for $87,000 It's not often that a Pontiac Firebird can match the horsepower of the Bugatti Veyron supercar. But this one does. The 1970 Firebird has been rebuilt with modern components. The 480-cubic-inch Pontiac engine Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1w1eHDo
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
6
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
1,200-hp '70 Pontiac Firebird sells for $87,000
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 9:12 a.m. EDT October 13, 2014
This 1970 Pontiac Firebird packs 1,200 horsepower. It's coming to auction 
(Photo: Mecum Auctions)
The 1970 Pontiac Firebird has lots of power 
(Photo: Mecum Auctions)
The 1970 Pontiac Firebird from the side 
(Photo: Mecum Auctions)
The 1970 Firebird looks ready for racing 
(Photo: Mecum Auctions)
The engine in the 1970 Pontiac Firebird 
(Photo: Mecum Auctions)
Racing seats and seat belts are part of the Pontiac Firebird 
(Photo: Mecum Auctions)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay
This 1970 Pontiac Firebird spits out 1,200 horsepower and comes up for auction in Chicago.
(Photo: Mecum Auctions)
2537 CONNECT 41 TWEET 17 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
A 1970 Pontiac Firebird rebuilt to modern-car standards and hopped up to an astounding 1,200 horsepower sold at auction Saturday. It went for $87,000, far behind some other cars at the Mecum Chicago Auction.
The 1970 Firebird had been rebuilt with modern components. The 480-cubic-inch Pontiac engine has been rebored for brute power, helped along by twin turbochargers. Altogether, the car spits out 1,200 horsepower, equal to a Bugatti Veyron, according to its owner.
The price seemed like a bargain compared to the other American sports and muscle cars on the block. At midday, the top price-fetchers were a pair of nearly decade-old Ford GTs, both with less than 400 miles on the odometer, that went for $335,000 and $300,000 respectively.
The Pontiac, however, is playing in the hot part of the auction market right now.
As Gen X'ers hit their 40s and have some money to invest in classic cars, many are opting for muscle cars restored with modern parts, so-called "restomods," says Rick Drewry, senior specialist for collector cars for American Modern, an insurer of collector cars.
"Boomers are starting to exit and Gen X'ers are coming in," he says.
Gen X likes classic American muscle cars all the way through the '90s. They just don't care if the car are completely authentic, which was of more  concern to Boomers.
In another big auction this weekend, RM Auctions says it saw record sales at its annual auction in Hershey, Pa. Some 157 vehicles sold for more than $14 million.
Tops was a 1930 Cadillac V-16 Roadster that went for $1.1 million. The car had been in the same family's collection since 1933.
2537 CONNECT 41 TWEET 17 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1w1eHDo
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

Crowdfunding Gives a Leg up to Animal ProjectsKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Today s market an invitation: Hyzy
No  Sam Brownback  its not the medias fault youre losingAny -- or maybe all -- of these facts seem more responsible for the decision of more than 100 former and current Republican officials to endorse state Rep. Paul Davis' (D) campaign over the summer than the mainstream media's alleged plot to drive a storyline about conservatives ruining state governments.  And any -- and maybe all -- of these facts seem more responsible for Brownback's current deficit in polling to Davis than some nefarious mainstream media plot.
Brownback is far from the first politician or political appointee to scapegoat the media for self-inflicted wounds.  Just last week, Julia Pierson,  former head of the Secret Service, delivered this classic line to explain why she resigned : "The media has made it clear that this is what they expected." Er ... did the media let a guy jump the White House fence, overpower a Secret Service agent and make it to the East Room with a knife? Not last time I checked.
Look, I get it.  The media is right up there -- or, more accurately, down there -- with used car salesmen and lawyers when it comes to being trusted or even liked .
But Brownback's allegations about  medias' responsibility for his current political problems are demonstrably false. Brownback has Brownback to blame for his political peril. No one else.  Owning that responsibility is part of his path to victory. Blaming the media for it, well, isn't.
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.

Tony Kornheiser asks if the Nats are the new CapsJ.P. roots for both teams; his biannual lament comes from a position of resignation and pain. For others, that’s less the case.
That’s Nats are like Caps, only without ice, and, well, without ice
— Jason La Canfora (@JasonLaCanfora) October 5, 2014
And so we all knew that Tony Kornheiser — the longtime antagonist of Caps fans, whose “choking dogs” mantra has been so reviled for so many years — would go there on Wednesday morning. And he did.
“The Capitals….the Nationals, I’m sorry,” he said, to start his ESPN 980 show.
“The Capitals haven’t choked yet,” Gary Braun noted.
“The Capitals are going to choke soon,” Kornheiser said. “We’ll get to that later. The Nationals have choked already.”
After some discussion of the game, Korneiser then noted that he has watched (and talked about) the Nats with great affection for six months, and that he now has nothing with which to begin his show.
“Well, hockey starts tomorrow,” Braun said.
“Thank you for bringing that up, because here is the discussion to have: Are these guys the Caps?” Kornheiser asked. “Twice in the last three years, they have had the best record in all of the National League. They have been the number one seed in all of the National League. Twice they have gone out in the first round.
“We’ve seen this in this city,” Kornheiser went on. “This is the move of the Washington Capitals, to win the President’s Trophy or whatever it’s called, to do all that stuff and then be eliminated way short of where they ought to be eliminated. Are the Nats the new Caps? If orange is the new black, are the Nats the new Caps?”
His panelists agreed that no, they aren’t, not yet. They agreed that at least one more postseason heartbreak was required. Kornheiser seemed more on the fence.
“Two for two, and the missing [the playoffs] in the year that they said they were going to win the World Series,” he said. “That’s Cap-like. That’s Cap-like at the moment, isn’t it?…I’m so sorry the Nats season is over, because they’ve been fun to watch. And I don’t think they gagged. I just wonder if we’re looking at the Capitals. I just wonder.”
A few other of Kornheiser’s morning-after observations:
On the WRC playoff beards: “All those guys at Channel 4, you can shave those dopey beards now,” he said. “They were stupid to begin with, because that is a hockey thing. Playoff beards are hockey things, and now you grew them, and you’re stupid for doing it, and now you have to shave them. … And then don’t do it again. Because you jinxed the team.”
— NBCWashington (@nbcwashington) October 7, 2014
On now rooting for the Orioles: “Can you do that? That’s okay, right? It’s okay to root for the O’s. I mean, nobody hates the O’s. The ballpark is nice. They may not like the owner, but they don’t hate the O’s.”
On what’s next: “So now, what we have to look forward to of course are the Caps; they may not even get to the playoffs, who knows if they’re any good. And now the suddenly and obnoxiously chesty and belligerent Wizards.”
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

HBOs Veep is casting fresh facesBy Emily Heil October 8 Follow @emilyaheil
Anna Chlumsky (right) with Julia Louis-Dreyfus, in “Veep.” (Lacey Terrell / HBO via AP)
If proximity to (fake) power is your thing, you might want to check out the latest casting call for HBO’s comedy “Veep,” which parodies (some say nails) the absurdities of official Washington.
A casting call just went out for the show, which films in the Baltimore area. Showrunners are looking for “NEW FACES” of all ages and ethnicities to film scenes this week, specifying that they’re looking for extras who haven’t been on the show before.
Here’s the full casting notice .
Hey, Congress is in recess…
Read more Reliable Source: 

Modi propels India-themed funds to the top spot in 2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Infosys drops 5% on Citi downgradeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US Secret Service head quits after lapsesUS Secret Service head quits after lapses
By Barney Jopson and Aaron Stanley in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a467222-49a4-11e4-80fb-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lumia 930 is the most pixel dense Windows phoneLike the Lumia 830 and the 730, the phone runs on Windows Phone 8.1 with  the Nokia Denim update. It has a powerful Qualcomm Snapdragon 800  processor clocked at 2.2GHz and is coupled with a 2GB RAM.
PHOTO: www.nokia.com

Elon Musk Drops A Cryptic HintTesla's Elon Musk: It's 'About Time To Unveil The D And Something Else'
Reuters
Updated:
10/02/2014  8:59 am EDT
SpaceX billionaire founder and chief executive, and Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk, is interviewed by Liz Claman during "Countdown to the Closing Bell," on the Fox Business Network, in New York,  Wednesday, Sept. 17, 2014. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
Oct 2 (Reuters) - Tesla Motors Inc Chief Executive  Elon Musk sent out a cryptic tweet on Wednesday, saying it is  "about time to unveil the D and something else," with an  accompanying photo which mentioned a date, Oct. 9. (http://bit.ly/ZtvoeG)
About time to unveil the D and something else pic.twitter.com/qp23yi59i6
— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) October 2, 2014
It was unclear what the "D" or "something else" entails, but  the image suggested a new model the electric carmaker might  unveil on that day.
Musk did not immediately respond to an email seeking  comment.
He has previously hinted that the third generation of  electric cars would involve both the long-expected "budget"  sedan and an SUV smaller than the Model X, consumer technology  publication Engadget reported. (http://engt.co/1sO0vhX)
Musk, who has more than 1 million followers on Twitter, sent  another tweet saying the wording of his original tweet was  unintentional, but added "Glad I didn't mention the other  letter!" (http://bit.ly/1xE2zKx)     (Reporting by Supriya Kurane in Bangalore; Editing by Prateek  Chatterjee)
More:

CVS Will Pay $225 000 Penalty For Mislabeling Packagesreddit
CVS has agreed to pay a $225,000 penalty for mislabeling store-brand beauty products.
The health and retail giant settled allegations by four California counties and the state's Department of Agriculture that the labeling of 11 different hair and skin ointments misrepresented how much product each package contained, according to a report by Fresno-based ABC 30 .
Aside from a $1,200 fee paid to the Department of Agriculture, the money will be divided between Fresno, Yolo, Sacramento and Shasta counties.
"While manufacturers generally choose the container size, CVS/pharmacy has agreed to redesign the packaging of certain CVS Brand items," the company said in a statement to ABC 30.
Eight moisturizing and wrinkle creams, two hair products and a topical acne-fighting gel were identified. Under the terms of the settlement, CVS may continue to manufacture and sell the mislabeled products until Jan. 1, 2015. The company has two years to comply with California's labeling law.
It's unclear whether the implicated products are being sold at CVS locations nationwide, or just in California. CVS did not immediately respond on Saturday to calls and emails from The Huffington Post requesting comment.
The settlement marks the second mea culpa in as many weeks issued by the company.
Last month, CVS apologized for illegally charging women $20 co-pays for birth control, in violation of a regulation in the Affordable Care Act that requires health insurers to offer all generic forms of Food and Drug Administration-approved contraceptives at no cost. The company has said it is sending refunds to customers who were charged.
Check out ABC 30's report for a full list of the products.
More:

Gold  silver prices rise on seasonal demandNew Delhi, October 7, 2014
Updated: October 7, 2014 14:48 IST
Gold, silver prices rise on seasonal demand
PTI
The Hindu A file picture shows an ornament on display at a jewellery shop in Kochi, Kerala. Photo: K.K. Mustafah.
TOPICS
gold and precious material
Gold prices spurted by Rs 210 to Rs 27,280 per ten grams at the bullion market in New Delhi on Tuesday following sustained buying by stockists on pick-up in seasonal demand.
However, a weak trend in global market as the dollar advanced towards a four-year high reducing demand for an alternative investment, capped the rise.
Silver also recorded a significant rise of Rs 960 to Rs 39,250 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Bullion merchants said sustained buying by jewellers as well as stockists on the back of pick-up in seasonal demand mainly led to the rise in gold and silver prices.
Besides, diversion of funds from equity markets towards bullion also supported the upside in precious metal prices, they said.
Globally, gold in Singapore rose as much as 0.4 per cent to $ 1,203.02 an ounce and silver gained 0.3 per cent to $ 17.39 an ounce.
In New Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity shot up by Rs 210 each to Rs 27,280 and Rs 27,080 per ten grams, respectively. It had gained Rs 40 on Monday.
Sovereign also found some buying support and prices were up by Rs 50 to Rs 24,150 per piece of eight grams.
Tracking gold, silver ready rose further by Rs 960 to Rs 39,250 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 735 to Rs 38,625 per kg.
Silver coins remained in demand and rose by another Rs 1,000 to Rs 68,000 for buying and Rs 69,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Samsung feels the squeeze as the smartphone market shifts againBy Hayley Tsukayama October 7 Follow @htsuka
Samsung Electronics flagged a near 60 percent on-year plunge in operating profit, as its key smartphone sector continued to struggle in the face of increased competition. (Photo by: Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images)
Samsung warned shareholders Tuesday that its upcoming earnings report will show a more than 60 percent drop in profits from the past year, as it fights off high-end competitors such as Apple, and cheaper smartphone makers such as Lenovo and Huawei.
In other words, it's under pressure from all sides. And the results aren't pretty, as Benedict Evans, a longtime tech observer and partner at Andreessen Horowitz noted with this tweet:
Samsing's handset revenue is forming an uncomfortable trend. Squeezed from above & below even before iPhone 6/6 Plus pic.twitter.com/npOE9PS83U
— Benedict Evans (@BenedictEvans) October 7, 2014
It's the fourth-straight quarterly drop from Samsung, which can still lay claim to being the world's largest smartphone maker, but has seen growing Chinese companies chip away at its market share by offering cheaper phones -- and a lot of them. It's arguably the same strategy that Samsung used to rise to its current success, only now that playbook is being used against them.
Meanwhile, Samsung has had to fight for luxury customers by upping its marketing spending to fend off competition from the new, larger-screen iPhone models. For years, Samsung's been able to brag about its larger screens; now it can only boast about having thought of them first.
In many ways, the Korean juggernaut's problems speak to larger trends in the smartphone market.  The parts of the world that give smartphone companies the most new customers such as China or India, aren't interested in the expensive smartphones that make manufacturers the most money. Markets such as the U.S. and Western Europe, where customers are more likely to buy pricey phones, are becoming saturated -- making marketing a far more critical piece of the equation.
Headed in the holidays, Samsung is expected to push the upcoming  Galaxy Note 4 -- a 5.7-inch phone/tablet hybrid due out later this month -- as an alternative to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. So get ready for more snarky ads from Samsung trying to remind us that Apple's newest models are so Samsung circa 2012.
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

Millennials Speak! 5 Future Leadership  Must-havesMillennials, speak up! You need an "equal say" in your company's future leadership. Here is why.
To begin, let's start with a premise I hear over and over.
The most important job of the CEO and the Board is to pick the next CEO.
Succession is critical.
The next CEO, or the next leaders, are about the future. So, why do most companies go about picking their next generation mired in the past?
Think about it. What are the chances that the typical current CEO, most likely a baby boomer, is well positioned to identify all the characteristics of the organizations' future leaders?
And, should that CEO be joined in picking those CEO characteristics with a board filled with his or her same generation?
The truth is that companies that only choose wise, experienced people for this task of succession are mired in myopia.
Those companies are much less likely to find the best and most comprehensive leadership qualities and candidates, because they are limiting their view of the world.
It is a company looking into the future like a horse with blinders. They see only what is in front of them. They do not envision the periphery of all of what could be in front of them.
The Proof
My proof is based upon work between Accenture Consulting (with the Alliance for Strategic Leadership). We engaged in a multi-country research project aimed at helping global organizations understand the most important characteristics of the leader of the future. As part of our research we asked leading companies to identify future leaders who have the potential to be the CEO of a global organization.
Rather than the usual process of asking today's leaders (who will not be there) to describe the future of leadership, we decided to ask tomorrow's leaders.
In comparing the desired characteristics of the leader of the future with the desired characteristics of the leader of the past we found both similarities and differences.
Characteristics like vision, integrity, focus on results, and ensuring customer satisfaction were seen as factors that were critical in the past and will be so in the future.
The 5 "Must Haves" for Future Leadership
Yet, five key factors emerged that were seen as being clearly more important in the future than in the past include:
1) Thinking Globally
Globalization is a trend that will have a major impact on the leaders of the future. In the past, even major companies could focus on their own country or, at most, their own region. Those days are almost over.
Several suggested that future leaders might need to spend time in multiple countries to better understand how multi-country trade could help their organizations achieve a competitive advantage.
Global thinking will take a global perspective.
2) Appreciating Cultural Diversity
Motivational strategies that are effective in one culture may actually be offensive in another culture. The same public recognition that could be a source of pride to a salesperson in the USA could be a source of embarrassment to a scientist in the UK.
Leaders who can effectively understand, appreciate, and motivate colleagues in multiple cultures will become an increasingly valued resource in the future.
3) Demonstrating Technological Savvy
High-potential leaders from around the world were consistent in expressing the view that technological savvy will be a key competency for the global leader of the future.
One trend on this issue was clear--the younger the participant, the greater their emphasis in the importance of technological savvy.
Young future leaders often have been brought up with technology and view it as a part of their life.
Current leaders often still view technological savvy as something that is important for staff people, but not for the line officers that run the "real" business.
What does "technological savvy" mean? It means that leaders will need to do the following:
a) Understand how the intelligent use of new technology can help their organizations;
b) Recruit, develop, and maintain a network of technically competent people;
c) Know how to make and manage investments in new technology; and
d) Be positive role models in leading the use of new technology.
4) Building Partnerships
Building partnerships and alliances of all kinds was viewed as far more important for the future than the past. Many organizations that seldom formed alliances in the past (such as IBM) are regularly forming alliances today. This trend will be even more important in the future.
Reengineering, restructuring, and downsizing are leading to a world where outsourcing of all but core activities may become the norm. The ability to negotiate complex alliances and manage complex networks of relationships is viewed as becoming increasingly important.
The changing role of customers, suppliers, and partners has deep implications for leaders. In the past it was clear who your "friends" were and who your "enemies" were.
It is a world of "co-opitition." Roles are becoming more blurred. In fields as diverse as energy, telecommunications, and pharmaceuticals the same organization may be a customer, supplier, partner, or competitor. On one initiative you are competitors, on another partners.
5) Sharing Leadership
In a world where leading across a fluid network may become more important than leading from above a fixed hierarchy, being able to effectively share leadership is not an option.
In an alliance structure telling partners what to do may quickly lead to having no partners. All parties will have to be able to work together to achieve the common good.
Not only did our participants believe that the leader of the future would be different than the leader of the past, they also believed that the employee of the future would be different. Many of the future leaders saw that the management of knowledge workers was going to be a key factor in their success.
Peter Drucker has noted that knowledge workers are people who know more about what they are doing than their managers do. In dealing with knowledge workers old models of leadership will not work.
Telling people what to do and how to do it becomes ridiculous.
A Final Note to All CEOs
So, in thinking about sharing leadership, if you are a CEO, are you bringing Millennials to the table -- or are you stuck in the past? Are you sharing leadership?
If the next generation does not have a say in tomorrow's leadership, they will leave.
And, by the way, Millennials are a company "must have" -- if they exit, there goes the succession plan.
Please view the Marshall Goldsmith Thinkers50 Video Blog . The next short video in the series Coaching for Leadership: 5 Must Haves for the Leader of the Future accompanies this article. I'll post these blogs once a week for the next 50 weeks. The series will incorporate learnings from my 38 years of experience with top executives, as well as material from my previous research, articles and books, including What Got You Here Won't Get You There, MOJO, Coaching for Leadership, and Succession: Are You Ready? The blogs will also include material from my exciting new research on engagement and my upcoming book Triggers (to be published by Crown in 2015).
Follow Marshall Goldsmith on Twitter: www.twitter.com/coachgoldsmith
More:

Our international business is growing at 17-18%‘Our international business is growing at 17-18%’
K Ram Kumar / Beena Parmar
Tweet
A KRISHNA KUMAR, MD & Group Executive (International Banking Group), SBI
In 3-4 years, about a fourth of SBI’s growth should come from its international loan book, says MD A Krishna Kumar
The State Bank of India has seen its international loan book grow relatively faster than the domestic loan book in the last quarter. India’s largest bank, which has overseas presence through 190 offices spread across 36 countries, expects this trend to push up the contribution of international business to 25 per cent of the overall balance sheet in the next three-four years from about 16 per cent now.
In an interview, A Krishna Kumar, Managing Director & Group Executive (Inter national Banking Group), offers, among others, insights into his bank’s overseas operations, the medium-term-note (MTN) programme, and what the revision in India’s outlook to stable by S&P means. Edited excerpts:
How are international operations shaping up for SBI?
As of June-end 2014, we had a balance sheet size of about $47 billion in international banking (IB) as against the overall balance sheet size of $300 billion. There is a lot of scope to grow the IB book.
In fact, if you see the growth in the asset book, it has been more, in terms of percentage (on a year-on-year basis), in the international book as compared to the domestic book.
Overall, there has been a slowdown in credit growth in the Indian side of the business but that slowdown is not visible on the international side. Having said that, it is also because there are lot of loans, which were approved in the past, that are now being drawn-down.
So, there is a pipeline which still has to be drawn-down. So, there is quite a reasonable chance of very good growth in the international loan book.
Some of the international business is India-linked. At least 60 per cent would be India-linked.
Then there is also the local business that we do abroad. We are also trying to do business in such a way that we, sort of, eschew our dependence on India-linked business and try to look for local businesses where we can also grow.
As of now, we are growing (international business) at 17-18 per cent. In three or four years’ time, we should be growing at 20-25 per cent. So, about a fourth of the bank’s balance sheet’s growth should come from the international book, that’s the way we are looking at it.
What does S&P’s revision of India’s outlook to stable mean for SBI?
I think, it is a very good sign that S&P has ultimately realised that the Indian economy is on the mend. It is on the rebound, and doing well or doing better than it probably was, maybe, a year back. Because all said and done there is some sort of control on inflation.
Though inflation is still perhaps a little high according to the RBI’s assessment, it is in much better control than it was at the same time last year. And GDP has also started picking up now. But then the IIP numbers are not very good, it can be better.
Overall, S&P has recognised that there is some improvement that has taken place in the Indian economy and perhaps the expectation is that it will get even better as we go ahead.
What this means is that the pricing which we can ask for our paper abroad could come down a bit.
So, are you ready to raise resources via the MTN programme?
We have an ongoing MTN programme (to fund overseas loan growth). There is a lot of room to raise additional funds abroad. But right now we don’t have any immediate necessity in the short run to do anything. But certainly we are looking at ways to raise more money abroad and we will do it at an appropriate time.
We have enough leeway to raise as much funds as we want. If we want to, we can easily raise a couple of billion dollars. It is not a big issue. There might be some need to raise funds in the next couple of months, maybe after November-December.
If the overseas loan growth is as good as what we have been seeing in the last few months there might be a necessity to raise some more funds abroad to fund it.
Also, the point is that the MTN funds that we raised four to five years back are now coming in for repayment. So, that has to be rolled over. That rollover will also happen in the next couple of months. The rollover amount is about $700 million or so. Even then we have enough liquidity to meet the expected loan growth.
What is SBI doing to grow its overseas balance sheet?
In many overseas jurisdictions we maintain good contacts with major banks so that we get participate in loan syndication, etc.
So, we are just trying to integrate into the community where we are and that we are doing reasonably well in the US, the UK, and Johannesburg.
Last year, in November, we opened a subsidiary in Botswana and are looking at business opportunities there as a lot of Indian companies are going for infrastructure development and that’s how we are participating in the local economy.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

Eiffel Tower gets $38 m vertigo-inducing face liftEiffel Tower gets $38 m vertigo-inducing face lift
PTI
Reuters Eiffel Tower
Paris, Oct 7:  
The Eiffel Tower has been given a vertigo-inducing face lift as organisers celebrate the Paris monument’s 125th anniversary.
The 324-metre tower now has see-through glass floor panels on its first level. The four small viewing sections, which cost $38 million, were unveiled to visitors yesterday.
Though the first level is only 57 metres high, it’s not for the faint-hearted.
One tourist from Jordan, Yousef Mobaidin, said he was “terrified. It looks really scary,” gripping his friend’s arm as he walked on the glass.
Aaron Smith from Hawaii admitted to getting butterflies, hoping “they did a good job building it.”
The iron-lattice tower is the world’s most visited paying attraction, and was erected for the 1889 World Fair.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

What matters is not where you manufacture  but how effectively‘What matters is not where you manufacture, but how effectively’
PARVATHA VARDHINI C
Tweet
BAZMI R HUSAIN, Managing Director in India, ABB
Switzerland-based power and automation company ABB unveiled its global strategy recently to fast track growth. In an interview with BusinessLine, Bazmi R Husain, Managing Director in India, shared the company’s strategy for the country. Edited excerpts:
Where does India stand in the 1,000-day programmes announced at ABB’s Capital Markets Day in London recently?
One of the things that came out of London was the shifting of the centre of gravity to high growth regions. Clearly, India is one of them. So, we see chances to seize opportunities in India going up. But the design we had was to a large extent meant to meet a need in some other part of the world. That doesn’t mean in India everything has to be unique. But there are things that can be optimised for markets, which we are into now.
So, over time, our capability to develop products in India has gone through a sea change. Today, we are taking it to the next level by looking at producing for the market.
India is traditionally known as a low-cost manufacturing centre. Does the country offer much more for the company?
Cost is clearly a big element. We are in an industry where new things aren’t discovered everyday. So, incremental changes make a big difference. The first thing you do when you enter a new market is increase your sales. When markets develop, you get into manufacturing and engineering.
As the markets get bigger and more relevant, you start localising your supply chain. But localising the supply chain is not the same as optimising it. For example, when we shifted the manufacturing base to India, we asked the local supply chain to produce something that was very easily available in the local market. When you optimise the supply chain, what you optimise is the cost.
We read that there is a $75- billion opportunity as far as power generation is concerned. There are two aspects to this — one, you are a major player; and two, you also have tough competition. The bigger the opportunity, the more the competition will be. From the time you source the energy to the time it comes to the end-user, you lose a lot, to the extent of 75-80 per cent. There is huge wastage.
While half of ABB’s business deals with power, the other half deals with more efficiently utilising it. So this is a huge opportunity.
When you are looking at this kind of potential, for a system to work, it should be in a balance.
In the last several decades, there has been a lot of focus on generation, and we have seen quite a bit on the transmission. I think the distribution part is where steps have to be taken for the system to be balanced. Distribution has not got the focus and investment needed. Going forward, there would be growth in all the three. But lot more on the distribution side.
ABB recently announced that it’s moving away from being focused on regions to giving more power to business units. How will it pan out for India?
It’s a classic matrix organisation. We have always had regions and we have always had business units. For most of the products we sell, supplies come from multiple businesses. So businesses clearly focus on how they can manufacture and supply effectively.
Those are the ones who can optimise at a global level. It matters less where you manufacture; it matters whether you can do it more effectively. On the solutions side, we use many business units to satisfy the customers and that’s where the regions come in. This has been the working model and that remains unchanged. We are part of the local landscape. It sets up a higher growth path with clarity on the roles and responsibilities.
Will you now do less work for global operations from here and more for India?
We do more of both. The rate of change for doing things for India has gone up, but not at the expense of the rate of change of what we do for global markets. We have more global feeder factories in India than 10 years ago. Our exports are increasing consequent to this.
This is not a primary reason, though, for us to establish a new product. But this is a competitive market. We keep the same quality.
So, if we lower costs here and use this as the base, it helps ABB everywhere.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

Amazon probe steps up tax deals pressureEU’s Amazon probe steps up pressure over tax deals
By Vanessa Houlder in London and Duncan Robinson and Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/44fbcf44-4e36-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nearly a decade after Man Utd exit  Roy Keane lets it ripRoy Keane's autobiography, "Second Half," will hit the stands on Thursday. (Source: AP)
Reuters | London | Posted: October 8, 2014 1:31 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 8:19 am
Former Manchester United captain Roy Keane regrets having apologised to Alex Ferguson after the falling-out which led to him leaving the club in 2005, leaked extracts from his new autobiography have revealed.
The book, “The Second Half”, is not due out until Thursday but parts of it appeared online on Monday and a Manchester supermarket mistakenly put some copies on sale before hastily withdrawing them. Ferguson criticised Keane in a book of his own last year, and said he had “a savage tongue”. The final straw in their relationship had come when Keane did an interview criticising a number of his teammates for a poor performance. United declined to transmit it and Ferguson insisted on the whole squad watching a video before deciding Keane would have to leave.
There had been widespread anticipation over the volatile Irishman’s response. But amid a welter of expletives, the strongest criticism Keane comes up with is that United could have told him: “Keep your head down, play a few games and come the end of the season we’ll say it was best for you to go.”
Instead, he writes, Ferguson and chief executive David Gill already had a statement prepared about his departure when he was summoned to the manager’s office. Soon after leaving for Celtic, where he played only a handful of games before retiring, Keane apologised to Ferguson.“Now I kind of wish I hadn’t,” Keane writes. “I was apologising for what had happened – that it had happened. But I wasn’t apologising for my behaviour or stance. There’s a difference – I had nothing to apologise for.”
Keep your head down, play a few games and come the end of the season we’ll say it was best for you to go

Coal India divestment after Diwali: FinMin officialReuters
MUMBAI, Oct 8:  
Coal India Ltd's divestment process should begin immediately after the Diwali festival on October 23, Manoj Joshi, joint secretary of financial markets in the Finance Ministry, said on Wednesday.
The government plans to sell a 10 per cent stake in the state-owned company this fiscal year ending March 31 as part of many divestments aimed at bolstering its stressed finances.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Air France-KLM faces 500m strike bill© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/61bdf23a-4eb6-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PSU oil marketing stocks rally on declining crude oil pricesPSU oil marketing stocks rally on declining crude oil prices
Anand Kalyanaraman
Tweet
BL Research Bureau:  
Continuing their upward momentum over the past fortnight, the stocks of public sector oil marketing companies – Indian Oil, HPCL and BPCL – rallied 3.4 to 5.5 per cent today. The good run in these stocks is thanks to the steep fall in global crude oil prices. After rising sharply in mid-June on fears of supply disruption due to the violence in Iraq, crude oil has been on a slippery slope. From nearly $115 a barrel in mid-June, the price of Brent has been continuously falling and today touched nearly $90 a barrel, a 27-month low. The weakness in global crude oil prices is thanks to rising global supplies from countries such as the US and Libya, and subdued demand due to economic weakness in China and Europe. Lower crude oil price along with a fairly stable rupee has resulted in the Indian crude oil basket costing much less now (about Rs 5,800 a barrel) than in June (more than Rs 6,500 a barrel).
Low crude oil also means lesser under-recoveries to be incurred by the oil marketing companies due to selling fuels – diesel, LPG and kerosene - below cost. Combined with the monthly 50 paise hikes, lower crude oil prices have wiped out the under-recoveries on diesel – the biggest contributor to the notional losses in the past. In fact, the oil companies are now having an over-recovery on diesel, earning Rs 1.9 a litre more than intended. With under-recoveries on diesel not a worry (at least for now), and that on LPG and kerosene also set to fall with lower crude oil price, the total under-recoveries of the oil marketing companies are set to fall to under Rs 90,000 crore in 2014-15 from nearly Rs 140,000 crore last fiscal year.
For the past many years, the subsidy overhang was a drag on the stocks of the oil marketers. Yes, the oil marketers mostly get fully compensated for the under-recoveries but money from the government comes with long delays – this means heavy borrowing and stretched balance-sheets for the oil marketing companies. Lower subsidies spell good news not just for the oil marketers which incur under-recoveries initially the first place. It also bodes well for the upstream companies (ONGC and Oil India) and GAIL (India) which bear 40 – 50 per cent of the under-recovery burden by providing product discounts to the marketers, and the government which bears a chunk of the remaining burden.
On the other hand, the fall in crude oil price is bad news for pure play explorers such as Cairn India whose realisations are linked to prevailing Brent prices. The Cairn stock has slipped nearly 14 per cent over the past month.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Markets end flat; Infosys slumps 5% on downgradeMarkets end flat; Infosys slumps 5% on downgrade
Tulemino Antao | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 03:57 PM IST
Benchmark shares indices ended lower, amid choppy trades, for the third straight session with IT shares declining the most led by Infosys amid reports of downgrade by global financial services major Citigroup.
The 30-share Sensex ended down 25 points at 26,247 and the 50-share Nifty closed 10 points lower at 7,843.
The Indian rupee was trading tad higher against the US dollar at Rs 61.38 compared to the previous close of Rs 61.43.
Indian economy is likely to grow by 6.4% in 2015-16 compared with 5.6% in 2014-15, the World Bank said in its bi-annual South Asia Economic Focus report.
Over the next year or so economic growth should be supported by the recovering US economy that would provide a market for Indian merchandise and service exports, the report said.
Asian markets ended weak amid growth concerns in China, the world's second largest economy. Shares in Japan witnessed a sell-off dropping to a five-week low amid global growth concerns while the appreciating yen also dampened sentiment for exporters' stocks. The benchmark Nikkei ended down 1.2%. Hang Seng slipped 0.7% and Straits Times dropped 0.5%. However, China's Shanghai Composite ended up 0.8%.
European shares were trading lower amid global growth concerns after IMF cut global growth forecasts and weak industrial production data from Germany. FTSE, CAC-40 and DAX were down 0.5-0.7% each.
BSE IT and Healthcare were the top sectoral losers down 3.3-3.4% each. BSE Oil and Gas index was the top gainer up 1.7% followed by Capital Goods index, Realty, Bankex, Metal and Power among others.
IT stocks witnessed selling pressure after Citigroup in a note cited stretched valuations after gains of nearly 45% in the last two years and concerns over sharp growth slowdown of IT majors. It has downgraded Infosys stock to 'neutral' from 'buy' earlier ahead of its second quarter earnings due on Friday. The note says that shares are trading around 17x 1-year forward earnings adding that "positives are adequately discounted". Infosys ended nearly 5% down. Among other shares, TCS and Wipro were down 1.9-4% each. Tech Mahindra and MindTree also ended down 3.9-4.5% each following a downgrade to 'sell' by Citigroup.
Pharma shares witnessed profit taking after probe by US Congress. The US Congress has initiated an investigation on price hike of ten generic drugs, which includes Indian pharma majors such as Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's and Cadila among the 14 pharmaceutical companies under scanner.  Sun Pharma, Cipla and Dr Reddy's Labs ended down 2.5-4.4% each.
Shares of oil companies gained after Brent crude prices fell to 27-month low on global growth, oil glut concerns. Lower crude oil prices helpd improve margins for refiners and oil producers benefit from lower subsidy burden. Reliance Industries gained 1.1% and ONGC ended up 2.3%. PSU oil refiners such as HPCL, IOC and BPCL ended up 3.8-7% each.
Banks which are a proxy to the economy gained on the back of encouraging growth forecast for India by the World Bank. HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank were up 0.7-1.3% each. SBI ended up 1.8% after a foreign brokerage upgraded the stock on the PSU banking major's strong deposite franchise, well capitalised balance sheet and focus on profitability.
Capital goods shares were among the top gainers. L&T gained 2.3% after after the company said its wholly-owned subsidiary L&T Technology Services received approval from the Competition Commission of India to acquire the engineering business of US-based Dell Product and Process Innovation Services. BHEL rebounded after its recent correction and ended up 2.1%.
Among other shares, National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) ended up 2.9% after the company said it has received constructions order worth of Rs 338 crore from IIT Kanpur.
Shares of Sandesh surged 19%, extending its previous day’s rally, on back of heavy volumes in otherwise subdued market.
Shares of Punj Lloyd ended up 5% its defence related proposal was cleared by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP).
Dynamatic Technologies ended nearly 10% higher, extending its previous day’s 5% rally on BSE, on reports that the company is expected to bag the biggest block of licences for manufacturing unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs).
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index ended down 0.2% and the Small-cap index ended with marginal gains.
Market breadth ended weak with 1,565 losers and 1,339 gainers on the BSE.

New delisting regulations next month: Sebi chairmanNew delisting regulations next month: Sebi chairman
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 03:26 PM IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) will soon relax norms relating to delisting of companies from bourses, the regulatory body's chairman said on Wednesday. The markets regulator will also likely approve new regulations on insider trading and the listing agreement.
At a conference organised by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci) on Wednesday, Sebi chairman U K Sinha said work on new delisting regulations was at an advanced stage, adding the rules might be announced as early as November.
The announcements are likely to be made at Sebi's board meeting scheduled for November 10, said officials familiar with the development. They declined to be identified because the date has not yet been finalised. 
 
Earlier this year, the regulator had issued a discussion paper in which it proposed to revamp the formula for price discovery for delisting through a reverse book-building method. The current framework, promoters claim, is heavily skewed in favour of minority shareholders which makes taking a company back into private ownership extremely difficult.
Sinha said companies should be able to delist in an honourable and fair manner, keeping in mind the interests of investors.
Sinha said Sebi was also working to reduce the timeframe for initial public offerings (IPOs) to three-five days, through the use of the electronic IPO (or e-IPO) process. Currently, there is a gap of 12 working days between the close of the IPO and the listing of the stock.
The e-IPO process allows for paperless applications, which could significantly reduce the processing time for the issue. Sinha said this might be implemented this financial year.
"We are examining it seriously and might come out with something soon," he added.
It has also been suggested the settlement cycle for government bonds be changed from the T+1 model (trading day plus a day) to T+2. The government, Sebi and the Reserve Bank of India were working on the issue, Sinha said.
The market regulator also plans to replace the two decades-old insider trading regulations, based on the recommendations of a panel headed by N K Sodhi, former chief justice of the Karnataka and Kerala high courts. The panel had proposed expanding the ambit of and disclosure requirements related to insider trading regulations.
"The new insider trading regulations will be more stringent. They will also remove the anomalies persisting now," Rajeev Kumar Agarwal, Sebi's whole-time member, said on the sidelines of the Ficci conference.
Sebi had made the Sodhi Panel's report public in December 2013 for feedback.
The Sebi board might also approve proposed listing agreement regulations, which are expected to promote better corporate governance. These will replace the stock exchange listing agreement, a rule book currently followed by listed companies.
"The listing agreement already has legal status and is fully enforceable. The clear regulations will grant more sanctity to listing requirements and give them more flexibility," said Sandeep Parekh, founder, Finsec Law Advisors.
The regulator is also working on reducing the time between selling securities through public issues and listing or trading on stock exchanges. It also plans to tweak the institutional trading platform, as well as the mechanism for the settlement of government bonds.
Sinha also expressed confidence foreign flows would remain robust. "I wouldn't be surprised if FII (foreign institutional investor) flows this year are at an all-time high," he said. So far this year, FII have net-bought about $14 billion.
 

Japan aims to turn robotics into profitOctober 8, 2014 1:05 pm
Japan aims to turn robotics into profit
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e98a5d08-4ae1-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex ends down 25 points in choppy trade; Infosys plunges 4.7%Sensex ends down 25 points in choppy trade; Infosys plunges 4.7%
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Murray  Djokovic dominate; Wawrinka bows out in ShanghaiRafael Nada suffered a 6-3, 7-6(6) loss to Feliciano Lopez (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Shanghai | Posted: October 8, 2014 5:57 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 10:03 pm
An ailing Rafa Nadal added his name to the list of upsets at the Shanghai Masters after the Spaniard suffered a 6-3 7-6(6) loss to Feliciano Lopez in Wednesday’s second round, as fourth seed Stan Wawrinka and in-form Kei Nishikori also made early exits.
World number one Novak Djokovic kicked off his title defence with a 6-3 6-4 win over Dominic Thiem, while Andy Murray did his hopes of grabbing a spot at the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals no harm with a 7-5 6-2 win over Jerzy Janowicz.
Nadal has been diagnosed with appendicitis which will require surgery and while the world number two tried to play through the pain he was clearly not at his best.
“For sure (I don’t feel) perfect,” said Nadal. “It’s the same way that I felt before. A little bit more dizzy now. But that’s it. Nothing that I have to worry about. When you lose a match, it is not the moment to talk about obvious things. I lost. Feli played better than me.”
Nadal said he had plans to have the surgery to remove his appendix at the end of the year.
“My thoughts is continue with Basel, Paris and London,” he said.
“It is true that in the past few months, I did not have the best of luck. I didn’t have the best of luck since Wimbledon. I was playing a good year, very positive year. After that I was unlucky with the wrist, what’s going on now. Now there remains three more tournaments for me.”
With five spots still up for grabs at the season-ender in London, Australian Open champion Wawrinka, who fell at the first hurdle in Tokyo last week, suffered the same fate in China with a 5-7 7-5 6-4 defeat to Frenchman Gilles Simon.
“Two weeks I didn’t win matches,” the Swiss said on the ATP’s official website. “But you have to accept that and see what was the problem. I don’t think I lost my game. I think I’m playing okay. I just had two really bad matches.”
American Jack Sock produced another upset when he defeated Japan’s Nishikori 7-6(5) 6-4.
It was the American’s first win over a top 10 opponent and brought Nishikori’s hot streak to an end. The Japanese came into the tournament after wins in Kuala Lumpur and Tokyo.
Djokovic, who is undefeated in 26 matches in China, had too much class for up-and-coming Austrian Thiem.
“I had to be on alert from the start because he was serving already 215 kilometers per hour in the first service game,” said Djokovic. “He was serving big, playing big.”
Briton Murray made short work of an out-of-touch Janowicz and will next meet David Ferrer after the Spaniard survived a tense encounter against Martin Klizan.
The fifth seed found the going difficult against his Slovak opponent before grinding out a 4-6 7-6(4) 6-4 victory continued…
It is true that in the past few months, I did not have the best of luck. I didn't have the best of luck since Wimbledon

Will buy-the-dip crowd rescue S&P 500 againWill buy-the-dip crowd rescue S&P 500 again?
By: Adam Shell October 8, 2014 8:21 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Buy-the-dip has been a winning investment strategy since the bull market began in March 2009 and in 2014. Will investors snap up beaten-down shares again and halt the stock market’s recent slide?
Tuesday’s nearly 30-point, or 1.5% plunge, to 1935.10 for the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index was its sixth-biggest point decline of the year, according to Richard Peterson, senior director at S&P Investment Advisory Services.
And the buy-the-dip crowd did rescue the market and swoop in and buy the bargain-priced stocks after four of the five prior biggest point drops this year, according to a performance analysis performed by Peterson. The S&P 500 also went on to new record highs four of five times.
The only blemish was the big drop on Sept. 25, which shows a drop of 1.6% since. That blemish could be a warning signal, as it was the most recent big single-digit decline before  Tuesday’s bloodbath and it’s also the only time the large-company stock index has not rebounded to new all-time highs.
Here’s how the S&P 500 has fared one month after its biggest point losses of 2014.
S&P 500

Get In Chicago to announce design challenge to fight...0
Mockus, whose efforts have been written about and studied globally, believed that transforming people's attitudes was the key to crime reduction in Colombia's capital city. Trained as a mathematician and philosopher, he unveiled a "culture of citizenship," arguing that violence was rooted in a lack of "shared values, in a lack of communication and in mutual fear."
Mockus promoted a "vaccine against violence," or street protests in which people draw the faces of others who had hurt them on balloons, then insert pins in the balloons to burst them.
As for guns, Mockus banned gun sales on the weekend. He banned alcohol sales after 1 a.m. I'm not suggesting Bogota is Chicago; that would not fly.
But Mockus also creatively promoted voluntary disarmament.
He offered money, donated by businesses and even foreign embassies as "Christmas bonuses," for turning in weapons. The first year's haul included nearly 3,000 handguns, 40 grenades and several semi-automatic weapons.
Cities across America have run such gun-buyback programs. But Mockus added a symbolic twist.
Those who gave up their weapons during the second year of the program were also given a baby's spoon, formed from the melted remains of last year's haul.
Inscribed on the spoons were the words: "I was a gun."
Where to put the crown jewels?
Under former Mayor Richard M. Daley, Chicago expanded its library system in unprecedented fashion — although none of the buildings was as elaborate as the library parks conceived under former Medellin, Colombia, Mayor Sergio Fajardo, the son of an architect.
The New York Times described the Espana library as "the most conspicuous emblem of the new Medellin ... three linked black boulders perched 1,500 feet over the valley." McGuirk described that valley as one of the worst slums in Medellin.
"This is what you would call an iconic building," McGuirk said as he showed a photo of the library. "The book is not about iconic buildings, but there are times when it is appropriate to be iconic.
"What's important about it is that it draws attention to the slums. It makes the slum visible. The city is extremely divided, as we saw before. There are parts of the city people just don't go to, parts they pretend don't exist. By putting the most expensive new civic buildings in those places, you're making them visible, you're making them important."
Therefore, should President Barack Obama's planned library go in Washington Park? Or South Shore? Or Jackson Park? All are neighborhoods the University of Chicago has proposed.
McGuirk confessed to knowing nothing about Chicago.
"It was a very successful strategy in Medellin," he replied instead. "Effectively, the whole strategy was to put the crown jewels in the poorest parts of the city because it just completely transforms the perception of those areas. It also raises civic pride."

The Switchboard: Twitter sues U.S. government over limits on transparency reporting(Reuters/Eric Thayer/Files)
Published every weekday, the Switchboard is your morning helping of hand-picked stories from the Switch team.
Twitter sues U.S. government over limits on ability to disclose surveillance orders. "Twitter, the world’s largest microblogging platform, on Tuesday sued the U.S. government, alleging that the Justice Department’s restrictions on what the company can say publicly about the government’s national security requests for user data violate the firm’s First Amendment rights," reports The Washington Post's Ellen Nakashima.
Internet operations chief: “The whole world is watching” the U.S.’s net neutrality debate. The Switch's Nancy Scola does a Q&A with Fadi Chehadé, the head of ICANN, the organization charged with keeping the global Internet running.
Data leak at largest U.S. bond insurer left personal accounts visible via a Google search.  A server issue at a subsidiary of MBIA exposed the financial information of individuals and municipal governments, security experts told the Switch -- leaving them visible to Google searches. MBIA says they are investigating potential "illegal access" to some client information.
Google wants to turn urbanites into beta testers of a "Physical Web."  Google is hard at work attempting to build  what it is calling the Physical Web  -- a connected network of physical objects accessible through the Web browser," reports the Switch's Nancy Scola. "What's striking is that Google's vision is an intensely urban one, suggesting that city dwellers will be at the vanguard of the development of the long-promised Internet of Things."
People care more about convenience than privacy online . A recent survey from Gigya shows users are willing to give up privacy for convenience, the Switch's Hayley Tsukayama writes. "The company, which allows consumers to use their Facebook or Twitter log-ins to sign in to a wide range of Web sites, found that users fear the worst when it comes to the privacy of their data but still are willing to put convenience above those concerns."
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

Flipkart  Big Billion Day  sale blunder: Nirmala Sitharaman puts e-commerce under scannerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Chicago prosecutor gets tough on spoofingChicago prosecutor gets tough on ‘spoofing’
By Gregory Meyer and Kara Scannell in New York and Neil Munshi in Chicago
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/922cddec-4e92-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stephen Colbert slights CNN over EbolapaloozaThe Colbert Report Get More: Colbert Report Full Episodes , The Colbert Report on Facebook , Video Archive
(Screenshot)
Critics simply cannot resist the Monday Ebola segment from CNN’s “Legal View” with Ashleigh Banfield. The screenshot to the right captures the sentiment of the goings-on.
On his eponymous program last night, Comedy Central’s Stephen Colbert grabbed that chyron and rolled with it, “Folks, you can smell the fear thanks to heroes like CNN, who have asked the question, ‘Ebola: The ISIS of biological agents?’” riffed the host. “Oh yeah, oh yeah, it is — without a doubt. Scientists have long compared diseases to murderous madmen. That’s why epidemiologists call tuberculosis ‘Lung Hitler.’”
Comedy Central is a touch late to this particular CNN slam. The Independent ripped away , “‘The Isis of biological agents?’: CNN is asking the stupid Ebola questions.” The National Journal included the segment in its mashup of Ebola-related fear-mongering . Twitchy got into it too : “‘Officially the worst’: CNN asks if Ebola is ‘the ISIS of biological agents’”
The pounding on CNN is to a great extent justified. Consider the speculation that flowed from Banfield during the segment: “All ISIS would need to do is send a few of its suicide killers into an Ebola-affected zone and then get them on some mass transit somewhere where they would need to be to effect the most damage,” she said, summing up the argument for mayhem.
But the New York Times should share some credit with CNN for this segment. After all, the assertion that Ebola is “the ISIS of biological agents” surfaced last week in a Times opinion piece by Alexander Garza, an associate dean at the St. Louis University College of Public Health and Social Justice and former chief medical officer at the Department of Homeland Security. Garza’s piece argued for a far more vigorous government response to Ebola, including screening people at airports in West Africa. CNN invited Garza on its air to elaborate on these views.
Another consideration that should tamp down the outrage: Banfield’s segment also showcased the views of Dr. Amar Safdar, an associate professor at New York University’s Langone Medical Center. He said, among other things: “It’s not an easily communicable disease. It’s not SARS. It’s not MERS. It’s certainly not influenza, and it is not the swine flu and the bird flu that we have encountered. So patients who develop this infection and become sick with this, by the time they get to a point where it is easily transmissible, they are very ill, so they are not taking buses and subways and exposing other people…So the infection, the way it’s transmitted, is quite different than what you would expect that infection that can be easily facilitated and transmitted to masses out there.”
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Nifty down marginally in choppy trade; IT  health shares sinkThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tamil actress Maya attempts suicide for JayalalithaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Metro JICA gives Rs 467 crore for Delhi Metro projectsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Phantom credit cards haunt Spain elite‘Phantom’ credit card scandal haunts Spanish elite
By Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ffee29a-4ede-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vongfong: The most fierce super typhoon since deadly HaiyanBy Jason Samenow October 8 Follow @capitalweather
Super typhoon Vongfong at 3:03 p.m. ET (17:03 UTC) Tuesday. (NOAA/NASA and RAMMB/CIRA)
Super Typhoon Vongfong – churning through the western Pacific – is a meteorological work of art.  The wickedly beautiful storm, with maximum sustained winds of almost 170 mph, is fortunately far away from any landmass.  It is still forecast to strike Japan in four to five days, but as a much weaker storm.
Vongfong, whose peak winds maxed out at nearly 180 mph Tuesday, became the strongest storm on Earth in 2014 .  It is the most intense storm since Super Typhoon Haiyain, which killed over 6,000 people in the Philippines. The storm has ticked down modestly in intensity as of this morning but continues to boast an extraordinary presentation on satellite imagery.
Satellite loop of Super Typhoon Vongfong on Wednesday morning ET (NOAA)
The super typhoon’s extremely well-defined eye is 26 miles across and surrounded by violent thunderstorms on all sides.  It displays excellent outflow, helping to ventilate and sustain this powerful storm.
Close up of Super Typhoon #Vongfong ’s eye via @NASANPP VIIRS. Oct. 8, 2014 at 12:13 am EDT. (Image from RAMMB/CIRA) pic.twitter.com/42ziSs0zrN
— NOAA Satellites (@NOAASatellites) October 8, 2014
 
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center predicts Vongfong will retain super typhoon intensity for another 36 hours before it encounters cooler waters and increasing wind shear, which will act to gradually weaken the storm.
Vongfong track forecast (CIMSS)
The storm is forecast to approach the southern islands of the Kagoshima Prefecture of Japan by Saturday as a weakening typhoon with maximum winds in the 85-110 mph range (category 1-2 hurricane-equivalent). It could potentially impact mainland Japan Sunday into Monday as a low-end typhoon (with maximum winds around 75 mph) or strong tropical storm.  The Joint Typhoon Warning Center stresses there is large uncertainty in the track forecast beyond 3 days, so the exact position of Vongfong relative to Japan is a wild card.
Vongfong is forecast to impact Japan exactly one week after Typhoon Phanfone raked the country with excessive rains and damaging winds .
Vongfong’s place in cyclone history
As intense as Vongfong became Tuesday, Capital Weather Gang’s tropical weather expert Brian McNoldy has determined it doesn’t rank among the top 10 strong tropical cyclones (including hurricanes and typhoons) to form in records dating back to around 1950.  However, since 1970, it probably ranks among the top 25-30 strongest storms.
Awesome comparison of recent powerful #typhoons including #Vongfong which we are tracking now. via: @NOAA pic.twitter.com/NB5FSRvWae
— Bill Karins (@BillKarins) October 8, 2014
Jason is currently the Washington Post’s weather editor. A native Washingtonian, Jason has been a weather enthusiast since age 10.

Travelers from West African countries will face stronger Ebola screening at U.S. airportsBy Mark Berman , Lena H. Sun and Ashley Halsey III October 8 Follow @markberman Follow @bylenasun Follow @ashleyhalsey3rd
The government plans to begin taking the temperatures of travelers from West Africa arriving at five U.S. airports as part of a stepped-up response to the Ebola epidemic. (AP)
Enhanced screening measures aimed at finding travelers infected with Ebola will be utilized at five of the busiest international airports in the United States, federal authorities said Wednesday.
These changes come more than a week after a man flew from Liberia to Texas and was later diagnosed with Ebola , which prompted calls for stricter screening at U.S. airports as the disease continues to ravage West Africa.
Travelers originating in the three West African countries hit hardest by the disease will be given questionnaires and have their temperatures taken at these U.S. airports, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Department of Homeland Security announced Wednesday.
The new screening will begin at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York on Saturday. Next week, it will be expanded to Washington Dulles International Airport outside Washington, D.C.; O’Hare International Airport, in Chicago; Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in Atlanta; and Newark Liberty International Airport outside New York.
Additional CDC staff members will go to these airports and work with Customs and Border Patrol officers to perform the screening. Travelers from the three affected countries will be taken to an area set aside for screening, where they will have their temperatures taken with a thermometer that does not require contact. In addition, customs personnel will look for any signs of illness and asked a series of questions.
Any travelers with fever, other symptoms or worrisome answers on a health questionnaire will be checked out at a CDC quarantine station. Travelers who do not require additional checking or quarantine will be asked to leave their contact information and check their temperature every day.
These measures “will give us the ability to isolate, evaluate and monitor travelers as needed,” President Obama said Monday during a conference call to discuss Ebola with state and local officials.
“I’m confident that so long as we work together, and we’re operating with an appropriate sense of urgency that we will prevent an outbreak from happening here,” Obama said.
There are no direct flights on U.S. carriers from these countries to the United States, so people arrive through connections in other cities. More than 90 percent of people who fly to the United States from the three Ebola-ridden countries arrive at one of these five airports. During a recent 12-month period, nearly half of travelers from these countries flew through Kennedy Airport, the CDC says. Still, these people make up a very small portion of the number of people who fly internationally into the country.
About 150 people travel each day from these West African countries to the five airports that will have increased screening, according to the White House and the CDC. More than 90 million international passengers flew to the U.S. last year.
“The number of travelers is relatively small,” CDC Director Thomas Frieden said during a briefing Wednesday. “It’s not an effort that would be particularly disruptive to large numbers of people.”
Airlines for America, a trade group that represents the major U.S. airlines, said its members were cooperating with customs in the enhanced screening effort.
“This screening is being done out of an abundance of caution to protect the well-being of the American public while not disrupting travel to the United States,” said Jean Medina, the group’s spokeswoman.
Medina also pointed out that as the CDC has repeatedly said, there is no risk for air travelers, because Ebola cannot be transmitted through the air.
International passengers selected by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for additional screening at Dulles International Airport will be taken to airport terminal screening rooms established for that purpose several years ago, airport spokesman Chris Paolino said.
“They’re not meant as long-term holding facilities or isolation facilities,” Paolino said. “They’re intended as short-term facilities, while CDC would make a determination as to what to do with the individuals on a longer term basis.”
He said the rooms are in the international terminal. Paolino said the Metropolitan Washington Airport Authority also maintains similar isolation rooms at Reagan National Airport, which it also operates, though international flights don’t land there.
White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Wednesday that incoming passengers from Ebola-hit countries will be screened at five U.S. airports. (Reuters)
The top five airports at which international travelers arrive in the United States were New York’s Kennedy, Miami, Los Angeles, Newark and Chicago. Much of this international air traffic originates from Canada, Mexico, Britain, Japan and Germany.
“Taking temperatures and learning more about passengers coming here from West Africa will provide another necessary line of defense against this epidemic,” Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), one of the politicians who had been calling for increased screening, said in a statement Wednesday.
The number of people being monitored for symptoms of Ebola in the U.S. is growing. Here's how the virus spreads and how contact tracing works to stop outbreaks. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Frieden had said this week that the agency was exploring ways to increase passenger screening in the wake of an Ebola diagnosis in Dallas, Tex.
“We’re working very intensively on the screening process,” Frieden said during a conference call with reporters Tuesday. “We’re looking at that entire process to see what more can be done.”
But Frieden again cautioned Wednesday that new methods could not eliminate the danger of a person with Ebola coming into the United States.
“We recognize that whatever we do, until the disease is controlled in Africa, we can’t get the risk to zero here ,” he said “We may be able to reduce it.”
The CDC has had teams on the ground working to strengthen the screening of passengers leaving West Africa. This screening has included taking temperatures, keeping an eye out for other symptoms and having travelers fill out questionnaires.
He said the CDC methods have been used to screen more than 36,000 people over two months. And of those travelers, a small portion of whom were coming to the United States, only 77 people had a fever or other symptoms that caused them to be taken out of the line, he said. “As far as we know, none of those 77 people had Ebola,” Frieden noted.
Of course, these methods are not perfect, as was made clear when Thomas Eric Duncan filled out a questionnaire, had his temperature taken by a person trained by the CDC and boarded multiple flights on his way to Dallas, where he was diagnosed with Ebola. Duncan died Wednesday morning .
Juliet Eilperin contributed to this report.
[This post has been updated. First published: 11:02 a.m. Last updated: 5:01 p.m.]
Related:

Mark Berman  Lena H. Sun and Ashley Halsey IIIHow parental leave has changed and how attitudes have shifted recently.
Nov 14, 2014
What the drop in marriage rates tells us about the shifting role of marriage in this country.
Nov 14, 2014
The suspected shooter was captured last month after remaining on the run for seven weeks.
Nov 13, 2014
If the Florida execution is carried out as scheduled, the country won’t match a two-decade low in executions in one year.
Nov 13, 2014
A harsh report outlined a series of missteps involving investigations into sexual assaults and injured children.
Nov 13, 2014
Americans are not particularly confident in their social media sites.
Nov 13, 2014
The hospital has agreed to pay an undisclosed sum and set up a charitable fund benefiting Ebola victims in West Africa.
Nov 12, 2014
The magazine about time is tired of celebrities being asked about feminism, apparently.
Nov 12, 2014
The grand jury’s decision is expected this month.
Nov 11, 2014
The lava had been gradually moving since June.
Nov 11, 2014
Load More
About
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation , a destination for breaking news, developing stories and quick analysis of events around the country. A Florida native, Mark has been with The Post since 2007. He encourages you to follow him on Twitter (@markberman), but only if you feel like it.
Most Read

Ebola survivor Kent Brantly donates blood to help treat NBC cameraman Ashoka MukpoBy Brady Dennis and Abby Ohlheiser October 8 Follow @brady_dennis Follow @abbyohlheiser
Ashoka Mukpo's parents, Diana Mukpo and Mitchell Levy, at a Nebraska Medical Center news conference. (Eric Francis/Getty Images)
The Nebraska hospital treating Ebola patient Ashoka Mukpo said that he is scheduled on Wednesday to receive the same convalescent serum from the same donor – Ebola survivor Kent Brantly – as American doctor Rick Sacra received several weeks ago.
Mukpo, a freelance cameraman who was diagnosed with Ebola while working for the network in Liberia, will receive some of Brantly's blood as part of his treatment against the virus at the Nebraska Medical Center.
In September, Brantly, an American doctor, donated some of his plasma to Sacra, who was also treated at the Nebraska Medical Center.
In what the hospital called “an amazing stroke of luck,” Brantly was traveling through the Midwest on Tuesday on his way to Texas. He is scheduled to speak later this week at his alma mater, Abilene Christian University, according to Samaritan’s Purse, the international relief organization for which Brantly was working when he contracted Ebola at a missionary hospital in Liberia. Brantly later was flown to Atlanta for treatment and released in August.
Kent Brantly testifying at a House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee hearing on Ebola. (Joshua Roberts/Reuters)
Brantly was driving through Kansas City on Tuesday when he received a call from Angela Hewett, associate medical director of the biocontainment unit at the Nebraska Medical Center, where Sacra was treated and where Mukpo currently is being treated. Remarkably, Brantly’s blood type matched Mukpo’s blood type, just as it had with Sacra. Brantly stopped at a facility in Kansas City to give his blood, which was then flown to Omaha.
“It’s not a likely scenario that he would again have the same blood type,” Hewett said in a statement released by the hospital. “We are incredibly grateful that that Dr. Brantly would take the time to do this, not once, but twice.”
In a statement to NBC, Mukpo's father, Mitchell Levy, called Brantly's donation an act of  "kindness and generosity" that "makes me believe in the goodness of humanity."
The theory behind the transfusion treatment is this: The blood of an Ebola survivor should carry antibodies of the virus. By giving a current Ebola patient an injection of a compatible amount of blood plasma from someone who recovered from the disease, those antibodies could help the patient fight the virus.
In September, a panel of World Health Organization experts said such transfusions were a promising direction for experimental treatments against Ebola, and one that officials working in West Africa should pursue.
Like many Westerners who have contracted the illness, Brantly, Sacra and Mukpo all received experimental treatments -- often more than one -- against Ebola. Brantly, the first Westerner repatriated to the United States for treatment during the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history, received the blood of a young Ebola survivor he'd treated in Liberia, along with the experimental drug zMapp.
Sacra was treated with Brantly's blood and the drug TKM-Ebola.
Mukpo is receiving an experimental drug called brincidofovir. It is the same drug given in Dallas to Thomas Eric Duncan, the Liberian man who was diagnosed with Ebola after traveling to the United States. Duncan died on Wednesday .
A spokesman for Samaritan’s Purse on Wednesday said Brantly had been contacted by the Dallas hospital treating Duncan to see if he would also be willing to donate blood to him, should their blood types match. Brantly said he definitely would be willing to do so but never heard back after that.
“The assumption is they weren’t a match,” said Samaritan’s Purse spokesman Jeremy Blume. “He was never contacted again.”
More than 3,800 people have died from the  Ebola epidemic in West Africa, according to the WHO , and there have been more than twice as many total cases reported in the region.
Ashoka Mukpo in an undated photo released by his father. (Courtesy of Mitchell Levy via Reuters)
[this post has been updated]
RELATED:

Delta Corp s Q2 results on Oct 16  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US Stocks Are Little Changed Ahead of Fed MinutesKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

The science behind why our inboxes are full of political underdogsBy Nancy Scola October 8 Follow @nancyscola
Former GOP governor Charlie Crist shown at a campaign stop in North Miami in August. (AP Photo/J Pat Carter)
If it appears that your favorite candidate has been flooding your e-mail box with tales of woe lately, here's one reason why: New research shows that the Internet loves an underdog candidate.
A pair of behavioral scientists, Todd Rogers of the Harvard Kennedy School of Government and Don A. Moore of the University of California at Berkeley, examined whether campaign donors are more likely to open their wallets for a candidate who's projected to win or one who's projected to lose.
Working with the online fundraising and digital marketing firm Anne Lewis Strategies, the researchers tracked the outcomes of e-mails sent on two days in June to the e-mail list of the Democratic Governors Association. The e-mails were aimed at fundraising around the gubernatorial race pitting Florida Democrat Charlie Crist against Republican Rick Scott. The e-mails were identical except for the first line: One said: "We've fallen behind Rick Scott in the latest polls," while the other said: "Rick Scott is LOSING in three straight polls."
Luckily for science, the polling on the race has been tight enough to justify either interpretation of the state of the contest.
The down-by-a-hair e-mails turned out to be the big winner, with people far more likely to support a candidate who is barely losing than one just barely winning. The underdog e-mails raised 60 percent more money than those that suggested that the race was still close but that the preferred candidate had pulled ahead, according to the study released last week, "The Motivating Power of Under-Confidence. "
"This constant testing of widely varying messages could generate the pattern we observe: messages highlighting that the candidate is barely losing may tend to dominate other messages," the study says.
This makes some intuitive sense. Voters have little interest in spending money to ensure victory. But there are wrinkles. For supporters, the idea that your candidate is losing is appealing. But the pitch doesn't work on uncommitted voters.
Rogers and Moore also found that would-be voters were more likely to support a fictional candidate when they were first presented with positive statements about their candidacy. The researchers attribute that to the behavioral practice of "herding," in which we humans are likely to throw our lots in with those who others seem to believe are likely to succeed.
"Talking to uncommitted voters," says Lewis, "is like going on a first date. You want them to think you're a winner. But after you've been married for 20 years, you can be a little more like, 'Yikes, I need help.'"
That helps explain one dichotomy of politics. On television, where candidates are appealing to a general audience, they're likely to talk about the strength of their campaign. But their online mailing lists tend to be made up of supporters -- one reason that candidates often appear far more sad sack in our e-mail inboxes than on our TV sets.
"The beauty of online fundraising," says Lewis, "is that you can tell immediately that it's working."
Some Democrats have been grumbling that the party is abusing its e-mail list by sending too many, often desperate, e-mails, but the stakes are enormously high, Lewis notes.
A campaign can turn a single poll into three or four different e-mail pleas for support, she says, which can add up to a couple dozen e-mail hits over the course of a campaign. Given that the single biggest predictor of whether people will donate is whether they've given money before, the ability to increase the likelihood of getting a contribution 60 percent by tailoring the e-mails to the sympathy of supporters can compound the potential payoff. That, says Lewis, can add up to real money, in the neighborhood of hundreds of thousands of dollars in the final days of a single Senate race.
"That can be enough to make a difference in an individual race," says Lewis, and given the closeness of the fight for who will control that branch of Congress, "that can be enough to decide the balance of power in the Senate."
 
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

First Ebola patient diagnosed in U.S. has died101
July 25: Nigeria, Africa's biggest economy, confirms its first Ebola case, a man who died in Lagos after traveling from Monrovia.
July 29: Dr. Sheik Umar Khan, who was leading Sierra Leone's fight against the epidemic, dies of Ebola.
July 30: Liberia shuts schools and quarantines the worst-affected communities, using troops for enforcement.
Aug. 2: A U.S. missionary physician infected with Ebola in Liberia is flown to Atlanta in the United States for treatment.
Aug. 5: A second U.S. missionary infected with Ebola is flown from Liberia to Atlanta for treatment.
Aug. 8: WHO declares Ebola "international public health emergency."
Aug. 12: WHO says death toll has topped 1,000, approves use of unproven drugs or vaccines.
A Spanish priest with Ebola dies in a Madrid hospital.
Aug. 15: MSF says the epidemic will take about six months to control.
Aug. 20: Security forces in Monrovia fire shots, tear gas to disperse crowd trying to break out of quarantine, killing a teenager.
Aug. 21: The two U.S. missionary aid workers treated in Atlanta are released from the hospital free of the virus.
Aug. 24: Democratic Republic of Congo declares Ebola outbreak, apparently separate from larger epidemic.
An infected British medical worker is flown home from Sierra Leone for treatment.
Aug. 28: WHO puts death toll at above 1,550, warns outbreak could infect more than 20,000.
Aug. 29: Senegal reports first confirmed Ebola case.
Sept 2: MSF President Joanne Liu tells U.N. members the world is "losing the battle" to contain Ebola, slams "a global coalition of inaction."
Sept. 3: Epidemic's pace accelerates; deaths top 1,900. Officials say there were close to 400 deaths in the past week.
A third U.S. missionary doctor infected with Ebola is flown from Liberia for treatment in Omaha, Nebraska.
Sept. 5: Latest WHO tally: More than 2,100 dead out of about 4,000 people thought to have been infected.
Sept. 7: President Barack Obama says in an interview the United States needs to do more to help control Ebola to prevent it from becoming a global crisis.
Sept. 8: Britain says it will send military and humanitarian experts to Sierra Leone to set up a treatment center; United States says it will send 25-bed military field hospital to Liberia to care for health workers.
A fourth Ebola patient will be flown to the United States for treatment in Atlanta.
Sept. 9: New WHO tally: At least 2,296 dead out of 4,293 cases recorded in five countries.
Sept. 13: Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf appeals to Obama for urgent aid in tackling Ebola.
Sept. 16: The United States promises to send 3,000 military engineers and medical personnel to West Africa to build clinics and train healthcare workers.
New WHO tally: 2,461 dead out of 4,985 infected, a doubling of the death toll in the past month.
Sept. 17: MSF says a French nurse volunteering for the medical charity in Liberia has Ebola.
Sept. 18: New WHO tally: 2,630 dead out of 5,357 believed infected.
The United Nations says a special mission to combat Ebola will deploy staff in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone. U.N. Security Council adopts U.S.-drafted resolution calling for lifting of travel and border restrictions.
French President Francois Hollande says a military hospital will be set up in Guinea.
Sept. 19: Streets in Sierra Leone's capital, Freetown, are deserted as the country imposes a controversial three-day lockdown to try to halt Ebola's spread.
Sept. 20: Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan flies from Liberia to Dallas via Brussels and Washington after reportedly trying to help a woman with Ebola in his home country.
Sept. 22: WHO says the outbreak has been largely contained in Senegal and Nigeria but says Ebola has killed more than 2,811 people in West Africa.
Sept. 23: The CDC estimates between 550,000 and 1.4 million people in West Africa may be infected with Ebola by January.
Sept. 25: At a meeting on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly, Obama calls on more countries to help fight Ebola, saying hundreds of thousands of lives are at stake.
Duncan goes to a Dallas hospital complaining of fever and abdominal pain. He is sent back to the apartment where he is staying, with antibiotics, despite telling a nurse he has traveled from West Africa.
Sept. 26: New WHO tally: 3,091 dead out of 6,574 probable, suspected and confirmed cases.
Cuba says it will send nearly 300 doctors and nurses to West Africa, to join 165 healthcare workers slated to arrive in early October.
Sept. 28: Duncan's condition worsens, and he is taken to the Dallas hospital by ambulance.
Sept. 30: CDC confirms Duncan has Ebola, making his first case diagnosed in the United States.
Oct. 1: WHO updates West Africa death toll to 3,338 dead out of 7,178 cases.
Oct. 2: Britain pleads for international help to fight epidemic at "Defeating Ebola" conference in London.
NBC News says an American freelance television cameraman working for the network, Ashoka Mukpo, has tested positive for Ebola and will be flown back to the United States for treatment.
Oct. 3: New WHO tally: 3,439 dead out of 7,492 suspected, probable and confirmed cases in West Africa and in the United States, which has one of the cases.
A Ugandan doctor suffering from the disease arrives in Frankfurt from Sierra Leone for treatment at a hospital there.

C fire violations: Sena slams Modi  Rahul questions PMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

World Bank chief dogged by staff angerWorld Bank chief dogged by staff anger
By Shawn Donnan in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b7b8e8c0-4e75-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

West Indies beat India in comprehensive fashionMarlon Samuels, with an unbeaten 126, equalled his highest — 126 vs Bangladesh — in One-day Internationals in Kochi on Wednesday (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Kochi | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:39 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:04 pm
West Indies put behind an acrimonious pay dispute with their Board to spank number one ranked India by a huge margin of 124 runs in the first one-dayer to take a 1-0 lead in the five-match series.
SCORECARD: IND vs WI
The Caribbeans, who were on the verge of boycotting the ODI, rode on Marlon Samuels’ career-best equalling 126 not out to post 321 for six and then shot out the Indians for 197 in 41 overs in a rather one-sided contest at the Nehru Stadium.
India paid the price for some mediocre bowling and shoddy batting as they were outplayed by the crisis-hit visiting team in all departments of the game to suffer a heavy defeat.
Indian bowlers gave away too many runs at the second part of West Indies innings to allow the visitors pile up a big total after being put into bat and then the much-vaunted home batsmen, except for Shikhar Dhawan (68), failed to fire on a batting pitch.
Most of Indian batsmen were out on poor shot selection and they could not stitch any substantial partnership in the face of some tight bowling by the visiting bowlers, the highest being the 49 in 8.4 overs for the opening wicket between Dhawan and Ajinkya Rahane (24). Dhawan’s scratchy 68 came from 92 balls with the help of nine fours.
Ravindra Jadeja (33 not out) was the other Indian batsman who scored more than 20 runs.
West Indies, even without their mystery spinner Sunil Narine, could tie down the top Indian batsmen who failed to get the runs when required.
Chasing a huge target of 322 for a win, India could not get to a good start as Rahane was run out in a bizarre mix-up in the ninth over with just 49 on board.
Rahane tapped the length ball off Ravi Rampaul on the pads between short fine leg and square leg and after taking the first run quickly, he wanted a second and continued to run hard. But, Dhawan went back after taking a step and both found themselves at the keeper’s end and Rahane had to depart for the dressing room.
Virat Kohli (2) continued his struggle for form and even on a batting pitch, he could not do much and got dismissed the next over after facing just five balls. Kohli defended a Jerome Taylor delivery which held its line on the backfoot with an angled bat and the outside edge flew to Sammy at wide slip for a low catch.
Ambati Rayudu (13) looked like he would settle down for a partnership with Dhawan but lasted just six overs before he was out in the 16th over.
India were in a spot of bother when Rayudu was out at 82 for three but the home side’s chances of a win was dealt a blow continued…
Samuels signalled his return to ODI cricket with a brilliantly crafted unbeaten century as West Indies put up a commanding 321 for six

Gulf Petro makes open offer to acquire 26% in Sah PetroleumsUpdated: October 8, 2014 22:08 IST
Gulf Petro makes open offer to acquire 26% in Sah Petroleums
Special Correspondent
stock activity
UAE-based Gulf Petrochem has made an open offer to the public shareholders of Sah Petroleums to acquire up to 26 per cent in the company. Sah Petroleums is a leading manufacturer of industrial and automotive oil lubricants.
The offer is being made by its subsidiaries — Gulf Petrochem Energy Private Ltd and Gulf Petrochem Pte Ltd — to acquire up to 1.33 crore equity shares, representing 26 per cent of Sah Petroleum’s share capital at a price of Rs.15.70 a share, the company said in a statement. The two subsidiaries had acquired 72.23 per cent in Sah Petroleums on July 31 following a share purchase agreement.
The offer will open on October 10 and close on October 28.
“This acquisition fits our strategy to make Gulf Petrochem group a global conglomerate operating in oil space and having an integrated portfolio," Sudhir Goyel, MD, Gulf Petrochem Group, said in a statement adding that it extends its capabilities to manufacture, supply and globally distribute a wider range of products from base oils to finished lubricants.’’
On the BSE, Sah Petroleums slid 3.17 per cent to close at Rs.27.5 on Wednesday.

Madras Fertilizers suspends urea productionUpdated: October 8, 2014 22:11 IST
Madras Fertilizers suspends urea production
N. Anand
productivity
Following the discontinuation of subsidy to naphtha-based urea manufacturers from October 1, the Madras Fertilizers Ltd. (MFL) shut its urea plant on Wednesday.
MFL is the third plant in the South in the last one week to discontinue its operations. Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd. (MCFL) and Southern India Petrochemicals Ltd. (SPIC) have already shut down their urea operations. All these units together account for an annual production of 15 lakh tonnes of urea.
According to informed sources, the closure would lead to substantial import of urea at higher cost, result in loss of jobs to thousands of workers and make capital assets of these firms non-productive.
Besides, it would affect the profitability of Chennai Petroleum Corporation Ltd. (CPCL) which supplies 1,000 KL of naphtha a day each to MFL and SPIC. Indian Oil Corporation too will be hit as it provides LPG, diesel and furnace oil to these urea plants.
Talking to The Hindu, a senior MFL official said: “We have stopped procuring naphtha from CPCL since October 1. We have stopped production as we have run out of feedstock (naphtha). Currently, we have dead stock of naphtha of 2,400 KL. Our monthly expenditure towards procuring naphtha, furnace oil, diesel and LPG is around Rs.188 crore.”
He said that MFL had already seen maintenance closure during March-April 2014.
Both MFL and SPIC had written to CPCL asking it to stop supplying naphtha or at least supply it at reduced price.
“CPCL is totally dependent on MFL and SPIC to discharge naphtha. Following the closure, it has no choice but to export it at a lower rate. Besides, they cannot store it for a long period or use the entire quantity,” the official said. MFL has been making profikts for the last four years and had projected a revenue of Rs.80 crore for the current year. Due to the forced closure, the calculations would go for a toss, another official said.

New iPads  Mac System Expected at Oct. 16 EventKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Barra: The Cadillac opportunity
Chicago Bulls  Joakim Noah pays $3 million for city padBulls' Joakim Noah pays almost $3 million for city pad
Chicago Bulls Joakim Noah
Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune
Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah reacts late in the fourth quarter of game 5 of the first round of the NBA Playoffs at the United Center in Chicago.
Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah reacts late in the fourth quarter of game 5 of the first round of the NBA Playoffs at the United Center in Chicago. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune)
By Bob Goldsborough, Special to the Tribune
Pro Basketball Chicago Bulls Joakim Noah NBA
With Bulls now practicing next to United Center, Joakim Noah buys city home.
Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah has ditched his longtime home in the northern suburbs and decamped to the city, where he recently paid almost  $3 million for a 7,000-square-foot place that puts him closer to the Bulls’ new practice facility next door to the United Center on the Near West Side.

Buy Infosys  hold till November: Sudarshan SukhaniThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Arogyashree scheme a great success: StudySharp fall in mortality rates and out-of-pocket expenses reported in State
Bangalore, October 8:  
Vajpayee Arogyashree Scheme (VAS) has lowered both mortality rates and out-of-pocket expenses for the people of Karnataka, according to an evaluation published in the health journal The BMJ.
VAS is a government programme to provide health insurance against major illnesses to below-the-poverty-line (BPL) households in the State. It is implemented by the State government with World Bank support.
Evaluation
An evaluation of the programme by a team led by Neeraj Sood, Director of Research at the Schaeffer Center for Health Policy and Economics at the University of Southern California, found that the risk of dying from conditions covered by the insurance had dropped by 64 per cent.
Out-of-pocket health expenditures for hospitalisations due to the covered conditions have dropped by 60 per cent, the study said and added that use of healthcare facilities for the covered conditions may have risen.
“This World Bank study clearly shows how this programme benefits the poor in Karnataka,” said U T Khader, Karnataka Minister of Health and Family Welfare. “It provides hospital care that the poor would have difficulty receiving without the help of the scheme.”
The free insurance covered specific high-impact medical conditions – such as heart disease and cancer – which poor residents often die from because they are unable to pay for the expensive treatments.
Benefits to the poor
Some of the unique features of the VAS programme includes free tertiary care at both private and public hospitals empanelled by VAS for BPL families; automatic enrolment of all BPL families with no annual premiums, user fees, or co-payments; and health camps in rural areas by empanelled hospitals, which helped screen patients for tertiary care and transport them to hospitals in urban centres.
“The results of this study are important to India as it makes choices on how to make progress towards universal health coverage,” said Onno Ruhl, World Bank Group Country Director for India.
“The programme shows how purchasing health services for the poorest can both improve health and provide protection from impoverishment due to out-of-pocket payments for health care,” he added.
Wide coverage
The evaluation included more than 82,000 households. Since the programme was phased, covering poor households in the northern part of Karnataka in the first phase before expanding to the rest of the State, the study compared the health outcomes of roughly 45,000 households from villages that were covered by the insurance to roughly 37,000 households from villages that were not covered by the programme.
The study was funded by the World Bank Group’s Health Results Innovation Trust Fund. The co-authors of the study were Eran Bendavid from Stanford University, Arnab Mukherji from the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore, Zach Wagner from the University of California, Berkeley, and Patrick Mullen and Somil Nagpal from the World Bank Group.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Ministries exploring option of mining coal along with coal bed methaneMinistries exploring option of mining coal along with coal bed methane
RICHA MISHRA/
Move to ensure fuel supplies to power and other sectors
New Delhi, October 8:  
Concerned over maintaining continued fuel supplies – coal and gas – for sectors such as power, exploration of gas along with coal mining is finding favour with the oil and coal ministries.
The two key ministries – Petroleum & Natural Gas and Coal – had earlier attempted to work out a system wherein contractors were to be allowed to mine gas from coal seams or coal bed methane (CBM) and coal in the same block. But, due to the turf war between the two ministries the concept did not take off.
“This is an option which we should consider…it has been a success globally. Officials in the two ministries are favourably inclined, but there are issues like who will implement the production sharing contract,” a senior official in Petroleum Ministry said adding that a decision will need to be taken at the ministerial level as well.
Coal bed methane is the natural gas stored in deeply buried coal seams, and is similar to other sources of natural gas. In the backdrop of the recent de-allocation of coal blocks by the Supreme Court, leading to pressure on Coal India to enhance output, CBM could be a worthwhile option to explore.
Turf war
In fact, during the UPA regime, the then Petroleum Minister M Veerappa Moily had proposed that private players be allowed to explore CBM along with Coal India in its existing mines. But, the then Coal Minister Sriprakash Jaiswal was against it.
The proposal to allow private companies to explore CBM in Coal India blocks was floated by the Petroleum Ministry twice in the past. But, the Coal Ministry had objected to it.
Significant reserves
With the third-largest proven coal reserves, and the fourth largest coal producer in the world, India holds significant prospects for commercial recovery of CBM. The country has an estimated 710.39-948.73 billion cubic metre of CBM gas.
In fact, there was also a proposal to ask public sector oil exploration majors such as ONGC and Oil India to take up the job with Coal India, but the turf war between the nodal ministries resulted in the proposal not taking off. It was felt that companies such as Coal India and NTPC, which owned coal blocks, could explore CBM themselves.
“It is a feasible option and in collaboration with PSUs like ONGC and OIL it should be considered,” said Sudhir Vasudeva, former Chairman and Managing Director ONGC.
There was a high-level panel which had gone into the proposal and thrashed out the issues, but today the status of that report is not known, said another official.
While stating that such policies were worth exploring, Kuljit Singh, Partner-Infrastructure Practice EY said, “The Government should use the current situation to reform the coal sector. Address all the issues which are coming in way for enhancing the coal output in the country.”
Besides, India does not have a policy regime for simultaneous extraction of CBM and coal. But, it does have a CBM policy. Since 2001, 33 CBM blocks have been allotted in four rounds of global bidding.
Prospective blocks
Meanwhile, the Central Mine Planning and Design Institute (CMPDI) has also prepared data on eight prospective CBM blocks in Johilla, Singrauli Coalfields and Cambay basin which have been submitted to the Director General Hydrocarbons. The blocks will be up for global bidding in the next round.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Proposed changes to rural job scheme will hit 5 cr households  say activistsProposed changes to rural job scheme will hit 5 cr households, say activists
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 8:  
The Government is planning to roll back the rural job guarantee scheme, which will end up affecting at least five crore rural households, social activists said here on Wednesday.
Addressing a press conference here, activist Aruna Roy said that the Government was determined to ‘dilute’ the Act became evident after some material came to light following an RTI reply by the Rural Development Ministry.
The changes are being done at least in three significant ways – by converting it into a benami (nameless) contractor-driven programme, by changing the labour-material ratio from 60:40 to 51:49, through rationing funds, despite it being a demand-driven law, and by a move to restrict the coverage of the Act to one-third of the blocks in the country, said Roy, who was once a member of the National Advisory Council to the UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi.
“This would effectively bring the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) to an end,” said the People’s Movement for Employment Guarantee (PMEG), which has written a letter to the Prime Minister, signed by about 200 activists.
According to the RTI reply, Rural Development Minister Nitin Gadkari has ordered an amendment in the schedule of MGNREGA “overriding the concerns of Ministry officials that changing the material-labour ratio from 60:40 to 51:49 will result in a sharp fall of 40 per cent in employment generated and “5 crore households will be adversely affected by this decision”.
Economist Prabhat Patnaik said, “this is one of the country’s most important programmes that has not only enabled the rural workers to overcome conditions of acute distress but has also helped protect rural India from the disastrous effects of the last global economic collapse.”
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

New wildlife park in suburbs of HyderabadNew wildlife park in suburbs of Hyderabad
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, October 8:  
The city-dwellers will have one more place to hangout in nature. The Telangana Forest Department is re-opening Bhagyanagara Nandanavan, a wildlife park.
“We are re-dedicating the renovated and upgraded park to the people on Friday as part of the Forest Week (Vanya Prani Saptah),” PK Sharma, Chief Wildlife Warden and Special Principal Chief Conservator of Forests, Telangana told newspersons here on Wednesday.
Located about 25 km away from the city at Narepally village of Ghatkesar mandal, the park is spread over 200 ha of land. Various facilities were provided for the visitors including nature cycling, Xerophytes park, children playing area and meditation shelter, among others, the official said.
The park has both visiting area as well as conservation zone for wildlife. Mammals like spotted deer or Chital, wild boar, mongoose, various birds, reptiles and over 30 species of butterflies are housed in the park, he added.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

New chief for AP builders bodyNew chief for AP builders’ body
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, October 8:  
Ch Ramakotaiah, former chairman of the Visakhapatnam centre of the Builders’ Association of India (BAI), was appointed the chairman of the AP unit of the Builders’ Association of India after the bifurcation of the State. He was given the appointment letter in Mumbai on Wednesday. He said he was assuming charge at a crucial juncture after the bifurcation when construction activity was bound to take place on a massive scale in the next few years.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

India engineering and design to be a $37-45 bn industry by 2020: NasscomIndia engineering and design to be a $37-45 bn industry by 2020: Nasscom
BS Reporter | Pune Oct 08, 2014 08:55 PM IST
India is fast emerging as a solution provider to the global challenges in the engineering and design arena. Nasscom, the Indian IT services industry body, said that engineering research and design’s (ER&D) revenue contribution will touch $37-45 billion by 2020.
India today is a home to over 400 global ER&D organisation with most being the second largest centre outside their home location employing over 200,000 engineers.
The scalable talent pool across diverse areas of science, technology and management, along with robust academic and research infrastructure and a progressive policy environment is spurring the industrial R&D activity in the country, said Nasscom at the annual Nasscom Engineering Summit 2014.
“The rapidly increasing market for products and services and the presence of a large pool of engineers and data scientists makes India a destination of choice for the global corporations for off-shoring their ER&D needs.  The new paradigm of globally interdependent economies is fuelling the globalisation of R&D solutions. Major engineering challenges are being addressed by leveraging the capacities available in various geographies and building interdisciplinary collaboration,” said B V R Mohan Reddy, vice-chairman, NASSCOM.
The ER&D services market has played an important role in developing the ER&D capabilities of the country. Escalating cost pressures and demand saturation in developed economies are encouraging firms to increase ER&D spends on efficiency improvements and product localizations.
Vijay Ratnaparkhe, chairman, Nasscom Engineering Council, said, “We at Nasscom have built an ambitious plan and vision to harness the engineering opportunity from India. The Engineering Council has been implementing multiple initiatives that focus on talent development, branding, new technologies like Internet of Things, policy interventions and special interest groups on focused verticals. India is also steadily building the entrepreneurship climate to enable successful growth and innovation."

ASUS to extend presence in North IndiaASUS to extend presence in North India
Vijay C Roy | Chandigarh Oct 08, 2014 08:37 PM IST
Consumer notebook vendor ASUS on Wednesday announced the launch of its first exclusive store here as part of its strategy to strengthen its presence in north India.
"Having being recognised as one of the top 50 global cities, Chandigarh was an essential choice to mark our presence," Kumar Tanksale, manager, retail, system business group ASUS India, told Business Standard. Tanksale also said, "The northern region has a huge potential. Currently, we have five exclusive stores in Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh. We have plans to increase our presence through exclusive stores, shop-in-shop and multi-brand stores. We will open 14 stores in the next two quarters in these states."
Out of the total, seven will be in Punjab, six in Haryana and one in Himachal Pradesh."
ASUS is a consumer notebook vendor and maker of motherboards. A leading enterprise in the new digital era, ASUS designs and manufactures products that includes motherboards, graphics cards, optical drives, displays, desktop and all-in-one PCs, notebooks, netbooks, servers, multimedia devices, wireless solutions, networking devices, tablets and smartphones.
It has more than 12,500 employees in the world. Overall, the company has 122 exclusive stores across India and has plans to take it to 200 in the next two quarters. Company revenue for 2013 was approximately $14 billion.

No untouchables for Putin  warns PugachevBusinessmen are ‘serfs’ in Putin’s Russia, warns Sergei Pugachev
By Catherine Belton and Neil Buckley in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab541ee8-4e4c-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama supporters suffer seven year itchSeptember 9, 2014 8:43 am
Barack Obama’s restless supporters succumb to seven year itch
By Michael Fullilove
President is blamed for US decline and our love has curdled into disdain, says Michael Fullilove
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a3b7a66-3773-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No untouchables for Putin  warns PugachevBusinessmen are ‘serfs’ in Putin’s Russia, warns Sergei Pugachev
By Catherine Belton and Neil Buckley in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab541ee8-4e4c-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hewlett-Packard Plans To Break Into Two CompaniesTechnology giant Hewlett-Packard will break in two, according to sources cited by The Wall Street Journal on Sunday.
The company will reportedly be divided between its PC and printers units and its corporate hardware and services operations. Hewlett-Packard will announce the separation as early as Monday, according to WSJ.
The split is the latest in a series of high-profile technology breakups, following close on the heels of eBay's decision to spin off PayPal last week. Many expect better performance when a large company becomes focused on a more limited number of business lines.
Meg Whitman will be CEO of the corporate hardware and services company and act as chairman of the PC and printer company, according to the WSJ's sources. Dion Weisler will be CEO of the PC side, and Patricia Russo will be chairman of the corporate side.
HP has considered splitting up for years.
An HP spokesperson said the company had no comment when contacted by The Huffington Post.
More:

Flipkart  Snapdeal sell products worth Rs 600 cr each in a dayFlipkart, Snapdeal sell products worth Rs 600 cr each in a day
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 6:  
In one of the biggest sales days in Indian online retail market, Flipkart and Snapdeal today sold products worth an estimated Rs 600 crore each even as customers complained about technical glitches, while global e-retailer Amazon continued its own pre-Diwali campaign.
Flipkart claimed it sold products worth $100 million (over Rs 600 crore) within 10 hours, while snapdeal pegged its sales at Rs 1 crore a minute — which translates into a figure similar to Filpkart’s. There was no sales figure from Amazon which is running a three-day discount campaign.
“We got a billion hits on our site today and achieved our 24 hour sales target of $100 million in GMV (gross merchandise value) in just 10 hours,” Flipkart co-founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal said in a joint statement.
Sale on Flipkart started at 8 am and most of the products under scheme were sold by afternoon.
“The Big Billion Day is an unprecedented day for us as this is the biggest sale ever in India. With a range of exciting offers on quality products at disruptive prices available throughout the sale period, we have created history in Indian e-commerce,” the joint statement said.
“Snapdeal had a record breaking day of sales on October 6, 2014. We witnessed sales of over a crore rupees a minute, with lakhs of products being sold in a single day,” its Co-founder and CEO, Kunal Bahl said.
Customers, however, complained of technical glitches and slow response on Flipkart website. They took to social media websites to express their dismay over the performance of the Flipkar website during the sale scheme.
Some customers complained that they did not receive their order details despite paying for the product they bought.
“Our technology team has been dedicated towards addressing errors and providing constant support to accommodate the largest scale of traffic and customer visits e-commerce has witnessed across the country,” the Flipkart statement said.
The company offered huge discount on mobile phones, consumer electronics, gold coins and other merchandise products.
Under the sale, Flipkart offered Nokia 1020 at Rs 19,999 which is about 60 per cent less than its launch price.
Similarly, the company offered heavy discounts on books. Some products were on offer at discount of over 90 per cent.
(This article was published on October 6, 2014)
Related

Projects Indias GDP to pick up 6.4 % in 2015Updated: October 7, 2014 21:46 IST
Projects India’s GDP to pick up 6.4 % in 2015
PTI
economic indicator
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Tuesday forecast 5.6 per cent growth rate for India this year and a higher 6.4 per cent in 2015, citing renewed confidence in the market due to a series of economic reforms being undertaken by the new Government.
“Growth in India is expected to rise to 5.6 per cent in 2014 and pick up further to 6.4 per cent in 2015 as both exports and investment increase,” the IMF said in its latest World Economic Outlook report released here.
In 2013, India’s growth rate was 5 per cent.
On the other hand in China, growth will remain at 7.4 per cent in 2014 and is projected to be of 7.1 per cent in 2015.

IMF trims forecast for global economic growthUpdated: October 7, 2014 21:38 IST
IMF trims forecast for global economic growth
AP
economy (general)
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Tuesday slightly lowered its outlook for global economic growth this year and next, mostly because of weaker expansions in Japan, Latin America and Europe.
The global economy will grow 3.3 per cent this year, one-tenth of a point below what it forecast in July. World growth should then pick up to 3.8 per cent in 2015, two-tenths of a point lower than its previous estimate, the IMF says in the latest instalment of its World Economic Outlook.
The global lending organization has a more optimistic view of the U.S. economy, which it expects will grow 2.2 per cent this year, up from an earlier forecast of 1.7 per cent. Its forecast for 3.1 per cent growth in the U.S. next year was unchanged.
Still, the global lending organization warned that the U.S., Europe and Japan could face years of sluggish growth unless governments take steps to accelerate activity. It acknowledged that it has frequently cut its forecasts in the past several years, and said that was partly because of slower long-run growth in advanced economies.
“World growth is mediocre and a bit worse than forecast in July,” the report said.
The IMF forecasts that growth in the 18 countries that use the euro will be just 0.8 per cent this year, down from 1.1 per cent in its July forecast. It lowered its 2015 projection to 1.3 per cent from 1.5 per cent.

Wal-Mart Cuts Health Benefits for Some Part-TimersKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

SodaStream s Run at Coke  Pepsi Losing SteamKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Working P/T at Wal-Mart Goodbye Health Benefits
Q2FY15 RESULTS PREVIEW: 7.5% revenue growth expected during the quarter  says Kotak SecuritiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Wall Street eyes Dow for signs of a bounceWall Street eyes Dow for any signs of a bounce
By: Adam Shell October 8, 2014 7:56 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
After another bloody day on Wall Street Tuesday, when the Dow Jones industrial average got hit by a big left hook from the newly aggressive bear, causing the Dow to drop 273 points, there’s nothing to watch today except the Dow.
The Dow staggered and was left on the ropes Tuesday, clinging to a gain for the year of just 0.9%, after being up as much as 4.2% at its record close of 17,279,74 last month. But the Dow hasn’t suffered a knockout yet. It is incumbent on the blue-chip stock gauge to perform its own version of boxing’s rope-a-dope, withstand the barrage from the suddenly angry bear and get back on its feet to fight another day.
In pre-market trading the Dow was trading up 31 points in future markets.
The selling pressure that began on Wall Street Tuesday spread to foreign markets overnight. In  Japan, the Nikkei 225 closed down 1.2%. And in Europe, where much of the growth fears are centered, Germany’s DAX was off 0.4% and shares were down 0.2% in the CAC in Paris.
How the Dow responds could have a big bearing on how investors respond. If the selling intensifies, the Dow will either crater further, or dip buyers will swoop into the market and scoop up shares on sale. A sliding Dow could also cause fear to spike, which isn’t always a bad thing when you’re trying to root out froth in markets. But fear can also feed on itself, an outcome many investors with squeamish stomachs after the 2008-09 financial crisis might not be able to handle.
There’s plenty of news today to guide the Dow’s trajectory. The Federal Reserve will release minutes of its September meeting at 2 p.m. ET. If there are signs they are reluctant to hike rates, it could boost the Dow. After the market close, aluminum maker Alcoa reports quarterly earnings and sets the tone for earnings season.
Cross your fingers.

Ask Matt: Why are analysts so worriedGetty
Q: Why are analysts so worried about profit?
A:  Today’s the day investors have been waiting for: Third-quarter earnings season kicks off. And analysts aren’t all that hopeful.
Analysts are calling for 6.6% earnings growth for the quarter, says S&P Capital IQ. That is a disappointing view given how analysts have been scaling back their forecasts over the past few months. Back in January, analysts saw third-quarter earnings growth at more than 10%. Analysts have all sorts of reasons why they’re less bullish for the quarter, ranging from flagging economies outside of the U.S., falling commodity prices and a strong dollar.
All told, analysts cut their earnings forecasts for 190 more companies in the Standard & Poor’s 1500 index than those they’ve raised forecasts for, says Bespoke Investment Group. Analysts cut profit predictions for 12% of the companies in the index. Is this negativity something for investors to be fearful of? Ironically, the opposite is likely true. These cuts in profit expectation have been tempering optimism. Rather than having stocks rally into earnings season, prices have softened since since October began. And the lower earnings forecasts are, they easier they are to beat. Profit could come in closer to 10%, S&P Capital IQ says.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Infosys Founders Farewell: No Moments of Regret  Says Narayana MurthyKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Infosys founder Narayana Murthy on Wednesday said he had no moments of regret, looking back at his journey at India's second largest IT services company. The IT bellwether on Wednesday held a farewell for its founders with the last its serving co-founders Kris Gopalakrishnan retiring.
Six of the seven Infosys founders were present at the IT giant's farewell for the men who started the company back in 1981.
Ashok Arora, who was in Chicago, was the only co-founder absent at the event. The rest of the founders - NR Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, SD Shibulal, Kris Gopalakrishnan, KR Raghavan and K Dinesh - were in attendance at the Infosys send-off.
Being the first Indian company to be listed on US stock exchange Nasdaq was a high point for Infosys, Mr Murthy reminisced at the press briefing.
Kris Gopalakrishnan, on his plans post-retirement, said he would like to get into the field of research and education.
As a parting shot, Mr Gopalakrishnan said Infosys is lucky to have current CEO Vishal Sikka at the helm of affairs and said the transition of him taking of the company has been smooth.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 18:54 (IST)

In first results under Sikka  Infosys expected to show better marginsBetter earnings expected for Infosys this quarter
Itika Sharma Punit | Bangalore Oct 09, 2014 12:50 AM IST
A better demand environment and lower costs are expected to aid Infosys, the country’s second largest information technology (IT) services company, to post a sequential improvement in financial performance for the July-September quarter (Q2 of 2014-15).
More than the figures, analysts and investors are focused on new chief executive officer Vishal Sikka’s comments about his strategy and vision.
Chief Operating Officer U B Pravin Rao had in an investor conference during August said internal discussion was on and a course of action might be introduced by October. Friday would be the first time when Infosys details its quarterly earnings after Sikka took charge on August 1. In view of his past role as chief technology officer of Germany-headquartered SAP, he is expected to give a big thrust on digital technologies and innovation. Additionally, amid reports of Sikka bringing in several of his former SAP colleagues on leadership roles, analysts are expecting some clarity on how new roles would be carved out for them, while ensuring no disruption among the existing staff.

Fidelity hires ex-head of Barclays WealthFidelity hires former Barclays Wealth chief
By Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0fe3c4d0-4ee8-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The more the merrier -- Run  guys and gals!By Jennifer Rubin October 8 Follow @JRubinBlogger
You do get the feeling the liberal media is rooting for a big GOP fight. Why else write a headline (“Republicans brace for 2016 free-for-all”) and construct a story proclaiming the plethora of good GOP candidates for 2016 is a curse? The reporter proclaims that “interviews with more than a dozen party strategists, elected officials and potential candidates a month out from the unofficial start of the 2016 election lay bare a stark reality: Despite the national party’s best efforts, the likelihood of a bloody primary process remains as strong as ever.” However, none of them say that, or anything close.
Delegates watch campaign videos of then-candidate Mitt Romney at the Republican National Convention in Tampa, Fla., on Aug. 27, 2012. (BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)
In fact, Newt Gingrich praises a spirited contest. (“The fact is, if you can’t nominate somebody who can win debates and come out of the contest stronger, they wouldn’t have a chance to beat Hillary in the general”). Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus says donors actually aren’t going to fund a “bloody primary process.” Another one of the quoted strategists also agrees more is better (“a lot of energy and excitement in the conservative grassroots for the field that appears to be emerging.”). So who is worried? Not any of the Republicans they dug up.
This is typical journalistic wish-fulfillment. And it has a single goal: Make the diversity of candidates for the GOP, not the lack of competition on the Democratic side, seem like the biggest danger. I suppose if the candidate of choice and the party of choice is running a coronation and not a primary contest, all this democracy seems messy. In fact, there is nothing better for a party than seeing good candidates face off against one another. Does anyone recall the “bloody primary process” in 2008 that went all the way up to the beginning of June? It was the Hillary-Obama race that turned out record numbers of Democrats, stirred excitement and was quickly forgotten as the party turned to the general election.
And the last time the GOP had a potential field of high quality like the one expected to emerge in 2016 may have been in 1980 when Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, John Connally, John Anderson, Howard Baker, Bob Dole and a few others all got in.  The nominee selected as his VP the candidate who insulted his economic program (“voodoo economics”). They went on to beat President Jimmy Carter.
The problem in 2012 was not that it went on too long (although I will vouch for debate overload), but that the field turned out to be one of the weaker ones when Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels, Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour, Rep. Paul Ryan (Wis.), New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, and a bunch of other governors did not run. Sorry, but debate after debate with Rep. Michele Bachmann (Minn.), Rep. Ron Paul (Tex.), Herman Cain, former Utah governor Jon Huntsman and the rest convinced a lot of Americans the GOP was a clown show.
Put good candidates with solid resumes in a race with a defined set of debates (as the RNC has done) and you will see town halls, retail politics, ad wars and an explosion in registration. There is a technical term for this — democracy. The most important thing for Republicans is to get good candidates into the race, not try to break up the fight before there is one.
The Dems right now are stuck with Hillary Clinton and a bunch of nobodies. Unless lightning strikes, it will be a total snoozer. Now that is something for a party to “brace” itself for.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

2 Americans  1 German win chemistry Nobel for giving microscope sharper vision2 Americans, 1 German win chemistry Nobel for giving microscope sharper vision
AP
print
Chemistry Nobel prize winners (From L to R) Eric Betzig, Stefan Hell and William Moerner. (AP and Reuters Photo)
Two Americans and a German scientist won the Nobel Prize in chemistry Wednesday for finding ways to make microscopes more powerful than previously thought possible, allowing scientists to see how diseases develop inside the tiniest cells.
Working independently of each other, U.S. researchers Eric Betzig and William Moerner and Stefan Hell of Germany shattered previous limits on the resolution of optical microscopes by using glowing molecules to peer inside tiny components of life.
Their breakthroughs, starting in the 1990s, have enabled scientists to study diseases such as Parkinson's, Alzheimer's and Huntington's at a molecular level, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said.
"Due to their achievements the optical microscope can now peer into the nanoworld," the academy said, giving the 8 million-kronor ($1.1 million) award jointly to the three scientists for "the development of super-resolved fluorescence microscopy."
Betzig, 54, works at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Ashburn, Virginia. Hell, 51, is director of the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry in Goettingen, Germany, and also works at the German Cancer Research Center in Heidelberg. Moerner, 61, is a professor at Stanford University in California.
"I was totally surprised, I couldn't believe it," said Hell, who was born in Romania.
"Fortunately, I remembered the voice of Nordmark and I realized it was real," he added, referring to Staffan Nordmark, the academy's permanent secretary.
The Nobel judges didn't immediately reach Moerner, who was at a conference in Brazil. He found out about the prize from his wife after she was told by The Associated Press.
"I'm incredibly excited and happy to be included with Eric Betzig and Stefan Hell," Moerner told the AP.
For a long time optical microscopes were limited by, among other things, the wavelength of light. So scientists believed they could never yield a resolution better than 0.2 micrometers.
But the three scientists were able to break that limit by using molecules that glow on command. The advance took optical microscopy into a new dimension that made it possible to study the interplay between molecules inside cells, including the aggregation of disease-related proteins, the academy said.
Hell has used these methods to study nerve cells to get a better understanding of brain synapses; Moerner has studied proteins related to Huntington's disease; and Betzig has tracked cell division inside embryos, the academy said.
"I'm convinced that as a result of this discovery, as a result of the fact that we can see details at much higher spatial resolution, we will find out much quicker what is going on in the cell if a disease emerges," Hell said.
"Any disease, in the end, can be boiled down to a malfunctioning of the cell. And in order to understand what a disease actually means, you have to understand the cell and you have to understand the malfunction."
Moerner said scientists can now tell whether individual molecules are different or the same.
"It's very much like asking whether they all march to the same drummer or not," Moerner told the AP. "When you can watch one by one, then we are able to observe exactly when it changes from one state to another."
Tom Barton, president of the American Chemical Society, said the laureates' work allowed progress in many fields because it let scientists see molecules and other features with unprecedented resolution and lets them study very fine details of living things. In contrast, while an electron microscope can see even finer details, it can't be used on living cells.
"Before, maybe, we could just see the contours of bacteria. But now we can look inside the bacteria and we can see things as small as individual molecules," said Nobel committee member Claes Gustafsson.
"This technique means that suddenly we can start studying details that we could only dream of before. This is really a revolution, because as recently as 15 years ago, it was believed to be theoretically impossible to break this barrier," he said.
Last year's chemistry prize went to three U.S.-based scientists who developed powerful computer models that researchers use to understand complex chemical interactions and create new drugs.
This year's Nobel announcements started Monday with U.S.-British scientist John O'Keefe splitting the medicine award with Norwegian couple May-Britt Moser and Edvard Moser for breakthroughs in brain cell research that could pave the way for a better understanding of diseases like Alzheimer's.
On Tuesday, Isamu Akasaki and Hiroshi Amano of Japan and U.S. scientist Shuji
Nakamura won physics award for the invention of blue light-emitting diodes - a breakthrough that spurred the development of LED technology that can be used to light up homes and offices and the screens of mobile phones, computers and TVs.
The Nobel Prize in literature will be announced Thursday, followed by the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday and the economics prize on Monday.
The prizes are always handed out in ceremonies on Dec. 10, the date that prize founder Alfred Nobel died in 1896.

Burdwan blast: MHA seeks report from West Bengal governmentmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

FTC orders Graco to divest former ITW unitsBusiness
The Minneapolis Star Tribune is reporting: The Federal Trade Commission has ordered Graco Inc. to sell or spin off the liquid-finishing businesses it acquired from Glenview-based Illinois Tool Works two years ago.
Graco, the Minneapolis-based maker of industrial pumps and sprayers, bought the liquid and powder-coating units of ITW for $650 million in 2012.
Get the full story at startribune.com.

IAF keen to engage pvt sector for maintenanceIndian Air Force keen to engage private sector in maintenance activities
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 08.25PM IST
Tags:
Chandigarh
(The Air Force has realised…)
NAGPUR: Indian Air Force is keen on engaging private sector players in the area of aircraft maintenance and upgrading that has been affected due to the ongoing turmoil in Ukraine with whom the country has a long-term programme in this field, a top IAF official said today.
The IAF wants to promote engagement with the private sector in the area of upgrading of its aircraft. This may soon become a reality, Air Marshal P Kanakaraj , Commanding-in- Chief of Maintenance Command, said here.
The present policy of self-reliance promoted by the Government is being pursued vigorously by the Maintenance Command. IAF's indigenisation programme focuses on key areas of reclamation, refurbishment, upgrading, life extension and replacement of its equipment, he said.
The Air Marshal was addressing a press conference organised on the occasion of 82nd Air Force Day.
The Air Force has realised that private industry is capable of handling most of the IAF's maintenance requirements, he said.
The IAF, whose bulk of jets and hardware are sourced from the former Soviet Union, has suffered due to the ongoing turmoil in Ukraine with whom India has long-term aircraft maintenance and upgrading programme, he said.
The IAF officer said the Nagpur-headquartered Maintenance Command played a key role in rescue and relief operations in Jammu and Kashmir which was battered by devastating floods last month.
Four of its units, based in Palam (Delhi), Chandigarh , Kanpur and Chennai were actively involved in the operations, the Air Marshal added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Morning links: Mississippi families paying protection money to keep inmate relatives safeBy Radley Balko October 8 Follow @radleybalko
A  Pennsylvania prosecutor has been suspended for failing to disclose exculpatory evidence. The Open File points out that “this happens every day.” (The withholding evidence part at least. Not so much the suspension part.)
 Families of inmates in Mississippi are paying thousands in “protection money” to other inmates and prison guards to keep their relatives safe.
West Virginia seems to be particularly fond of incarcerating children , sometimes for minor offenses.
Small towns are discovering that it can be pretty expensive to maintain all that cool military gear they get from the Pentagon. This is usually when they also learn that if they start using it to serve drug warrants, they can generate revenue through federal grants and civil asset forfeiture.
In some cities, Cop Watch activists say police agencies are retaliating against them for their efforts to monitor officer misconduct.
The data say that texting and driving isn’t as dangerous as you might think . There are also lots of unintended consequences of texting prohibitions that I doubt most lawmakers have considered.
A look at the expensive, unnecessary licensure requirements that prevent African hair braiders from making a living. 
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

A look at Pakistans amazingly lucrative scorpion tradeDaniel A. Medina @dmedin11
October 8, 2014
Scorpions are in high demand for researchers from the US and EU for the venom they possess, which can be used as an ingredient to develop compounds for anti-cancer medicines . In China, they are a eaten as a street-food snack .
The demand has created a lucrative industry in Pakistan. There, scorpion hunters one-up each other to get their critters sent abroad at lucrative rates:  Al Jazeera English reports that a black scorpion weighing 60 grams can bring in $50,000 or more. The Wall Street Journal reported in 2007 that scorpion venom  was going for roughly $39 million a gallon. In California, scorpion smugglers have been detained  at Los Angeles International Airport, described by authorities as a hub of exotic animal trafficking.
Share
Tap image to zoom
A Cuban medical technician extracts venom from a scorpion for development of an anti-cancer medicine.(Reuters/Enrique De La Osa)
Tracing back the scorpion supply chain brought Al Jazeera reporter Maham Javaid to a remote area of Pakistan’s Sindh region, where he describes a complex trade that begins with the scorpion broker, passes through a middleman who negotiates prices for certain parts of the creature and then ends with a purchaser named Naveed Gauri Khan, who told Al Jazeera he was buying the scorpions for a Swedish pharmaceutical firm.
Tap image to zoom
A dead scorpion lies atop a bottle cap in a laboratory in Guatemala.(Reuters/Jorge Dan Lopez)
The trade is technically legal in Pakistan—though the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province banned it in August—but the country’s Dawn newspaper reports that it could have irreparable effects on the environment.
The mass hunting of scorpions, which are consumed by gecko lizards and then snakes on the animal food chain, could throw off nature’s balance, and lead to the increase of other species that are harmful to the environment.
 

Is the new VA firing law too weak for true accountabilityBy Josh Hicks October 8 Follow @reporter_hicks
A top Republican on Tuesday said new firing guidelines for the Department of Veterans Affairs may need tweaking to hold officials fully accountable for ethics and performance problems, both of which have plagued the agency in recent months.
Rep. Jeff Miller (R-Fla.), who heads the House Veterans Affairs Committee, said he is troubled by how the VA implemented recent legislation granting the VA secretary greater authority to remove senior executives.
Specifically, Miller takes issue with the agency giving officials five days advanced notice of its plans to remove them so they have a chance to respond to the charges and evidence against them.
“VA appears to be giving failing executives an opportunity to quit, retire or find new jobs without consequence,” the lawmaker said Tuesday.
Miller’s concerns stem from two of the VA’s recent firing attempts: One for John Goldman, who ran a VA medical center in Georgia; and the other for Susan Taylor, who was the agency’s No. 2 contracting official.
Pressure has been mounting for the VA to fire officials who were responsible for recent scandals, including widespread falsification of scheduling data to hide treatment delays at the agency’s medical clinics. (Scott Olson/Getty Images)
The VA decided to oust Goldman after confirming that his clinic manipulated scheduling data to hide treatment delays — part of a nationwide scandal that cost former VA Secretary Eric Shinseki his job.
Goldman beat the VA to the punch, retiring late last month before the agency could begin the removal process. Nonetheless, the VA announced four days later that it would fire him.
“Such semantic sleights of hand are insulting to the families struck by the VA scandal and only do more harm to the department’s badly damaged credibility,” Miller said at the time.
As for Taylor, the Department of Energy hired her as its contracting director last week, just days after the VA inspector general released a scathing report that she violated government ethics rules by improperly influencing procurement decisions.
DOE officials said they were unaware of the findings against Taylor when they chose her for the job, according to a Washington Examiner article . The agency rescinded its offer after news of the inspector general’s report emerged.
The inspector general recommended criminal charges against Taylor, but the Justice Department declined to prosecute. The VA on Monday announced plans to fire her .
Federal workers are allowed to appeal termination pr0posals, but the VA said the final decisions took an average of 374 days to complete in the past.
Congress and Obama approved legislation this summer to speed up the process with a new law that requires senior executives to appeal their firings within one week instead of the one-month deadline they had in the past.
The legislation also established a three-week deadline for the Merit System Protection Board to rule on appeals from the officials. Such decisions took an average of 93 days in the past, according to the VA.
“If Congress wants VA to implement a different law, it should pass one,” VA Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson said in a statement on Tuesday, adding that the agency is using its new authority “fully and responsibly” to make sound disciplinary decisions.
The VA still has some work to do before convincing Miller, who said Tuesday that Congress should keep up pressure on the agency to ensure proper accountability.
“If any current laws or regulations are impeding the department’s ability to swiftly hold employees accountable, VA leaders must work with Congress so those laws and regulations can be changed,” Miller said.
Updated: The second and third paragraphs of this article were changed to clarify that Miller is specifically concerned about the VA giving senior executives five days advanced notice before filing to remove them.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Think Norways new bank notes are cool You should see the ones they rejectedThis is what Norwegian notes look like now.(Norges Bank)
SHARE
Kabir Chibber @quinto_quarto
October 8, 2014
The central bank of Norway has decided on the design of its next bank notes after a competition, based on the theme of “The Sea.” And—unsurprisingly, given Scandinavia’s reputation for beautiful design—they are pretty special.
One side of the new notes, to enter circulation in 2017, will show off designs by the Metric System and Terje Tønnessen, which Norges Bank described as “open, light and typically Nordic.”
Tap image to zoom
(The Metric System and Terje Tønnessen)
On the reverse of the note will be a beautiful pixellated design by  Snøhetta Design . The studio said: “When contrasts come together, as when soft meets hard or digital meets analog, a dynamic is created. Our cubical pattern first of all represents pixels; our times’ visual language.”
Share
Tap image to zoom
There were eight participants shortlisted by the jury for the competition. All the entries can be found here (pdf).
And the quality of the work showed why Scandinavian design is admired across the world. Any of the entrants could have won. In fact, one of the other designers did win—Enzo Finger’s entries were judged by the bank’s jury as the best of the competition, though that apparently was not enough to actually get on the notes:
Tap image to zoom
(Enzo Finger)

Vasundhara Raje at loggerheads with Centre on cabinet expansionDuring her recent visit to New Delhi, Raje failed to secure an appointment with party national chief Amit Shah, when she was hoping to finalize the state cabinet expansion. (Source: Reuters photo)
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:27 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 9:34 pm
Eleven months after forming government in the state, Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje is yet to arrive at a consensus with the Centre on probable inductions to her cabinet. Raje is yet to induct a full-fledged cabinet and has only 11 ministers apart from the CM.
Raje, who had initially deferred the induction promising a berth on the basis of performance in the parliamentary polls, has now hit a roadblock failing to arrive at a consensus with the Centre on the proposed list of cabinet ministers. While the RSS lobby has clearly indicated its recommendations, Raje has drawn up her own list, which highly placed sources in the party say is yet to receive a nod from the center.
During her three-day stay in New Delhi earlier last week, Raje failed to secure an appointment with party national chief Amit Shah, when she was hoping to finalize the state cabinet expansion. Busy with the Maharashtra and Haryana elections, Shah had to leave for his whirlwind tour of Haryana. However party insiders say that Shah deliberately postponed the discussion as Prime Minister Narendra Modi was not in the country and Shah did not want to take a decision on it by himself.
Not only Raje, the entire senior party leadership in the state has been cold-shouldered by the center. State party president Ashok Parnami and senior leader Gulab Chand Kataria, who too have been doing the rounds of the party headquarters, with a copy of the probables list, have failed to get an appointment with senior party leaders.
Meanwhile disaffection has spreading among senior legislators who have been waiting in anticipation of a berth since Raje assumed office in December last year. “Initially we were told that if we managed to help the party win in the parliamentary elections, we would be suitably rewarded and were given the responsibility to help candidates in our own constituencies and neighbouring areas. After the elections were over and the results came, the cabinet expansion plans are still in a limbo,” said a senior legislator, whose name has been doing the rounds for the new cabinet.
Raje has been single-handedly running the show in the state with as many as 47 portfolios to herself. With key portfolios such as home, finance, industry, revenue, civil defence, forest among others resting with the CM, Raje’s second term has been riddled with trouble. She has had to face flak for poor governance and law and order in the state. Drawn in to campaign for the upcoming polls in Maharashtra and with the local body elections slated in November, Raje’s attention continued…

There wont be any flag meetings with Pakistan: GovtRajnath Singh assured people living in bordering villages of Jammu and Kashmir that they would soon return to their homes as "misadventure" from Pakistani side will be responded adequately.
Press Trust of India | Karnal | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:00 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 9:11 pm
India will continue to respond to Pakistan on the ceasefire violations according to the situation along the border and there won’t be any flag meetings, the government on Wednesday said.
“According to the situation, there is not going to be any flag meeting because our forces are responding appropriately. We will see whatever outcome is there,” Union Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju said.
The government had on Tuesday said that it would observe Pakistan’s “behaviour” in the coming days before taking a decision on flag meetings.
Indian forces will not do anything to escalate the situation but respond according to the situation, he said.
“We have to see that the situation does not go out of hand. Everything is taken good care of by our forces. Even though our Prime Minister is campaigning, it does not mean that he is out of touch with the ground situation. Directions are being given,” he said at an election rally here.
Addressing a series of rallies in Karnal, Faridabad and Kaithal, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh assured people living in bordering villages of Jammu and Kashmir that they would soon return to their homes as “misadventure” from Pakistani side will be responded adequately.
“The situation in India has changed and Pakistan should understand this,” he said.
He lauded the role of BSF and Army in giving a befitting reply to Pakistan.
Responding to queries from journalists after an election rally, Singh said, “Every Indian can hold his head high with pride. I wish to congratulate our BSF jawans and Army jawans on the manner in which they have responded to the border firings.
“The situation in India has changed. I feel Pakistan  should understand that.”
About the migration of people from bordering villages of  the state, Singh said, “No one will have to leave. People who reside at the border will return and remain there. I wish to assure people that BSF and Army are responding appropriately and I would like to commend them for the same.”
Rijiju said border villages, which have come under shelling by Pakistan Rangers, will be evacuated only if  necessary.
Pakistani troops have targeted 50 border out posts and 35 hamlets overnight along the 192-km boundary. The escalation has triggered an exodus, with 16,000 people moving to safer areas from border villages.
Eight people have been killed and over 70, including BSF jawans, injured in Pakistani shelling and firing along LoC and International Border in Jammu and Poonch districts since October 1.

ICC bans Sohag Gazi  Prosper Utseya from bowling for illegal acionPrint
Press Trust of India | Dubai | Posted: October 8, 2014 8:53 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 11:31 pm
Bangladesh’s Sohag Gazi and Zimbabwe’s Prosper Utseya have been suspended from bowling in international cricket with immediate effect for “illegal” bowling actions, the ICC said on Wednesday.
“The International Cricket Council confirmed that an independent analysis has found the bowling actions of Gazi and Utseya to be illegal and, as such, both off-spinners have been suspended from bowling in international cricket with immediate effect,” the ICC said in a statement.
“The analysis revealed that all of their deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance permitted under the regulations,” it said.
Gazi was reported after the second ODI against West Indies in St George’s in August, while Utseya was reported after the third ODI against South Africa in Bulawayo that same month.
Both players can apply for a re-assessment after modifying their bowling actions in accordance with clause 2.4 of the Regulations for the Review of Bowlers Reported with Suspected Illegal Bowling Actions.
The analysis was performed on September 19 by ICC’s accredited team of Human Movement Specialists using the Cardiff Metropolitan University.
The ICC’s officials have been strict with identifying illegal actions in recent months and bans were handed out to Pakistan’s Saeed Ajmal and Sri Lanka’s Sachithra Senanayake among others, after both were found guilty of breaking the 15-degree flex rule.
A similar drive was undertaken in the recent Champions League T20, during which West Indies spinner Sunil Narine was banned from bowling in the final.
The analysis revealed that all of their deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance permitted under the regulations

After India sends Pak tough message on border fire  PM hints at early resolutionPrint
Everything will be fine soon, Modi said on being asked about ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
Written by Pranav Kulkarni , Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 8:52 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 7:47 am
Hours after India warned Pakistan of an “effective and appropriate” response to ceasefire violations along the border, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday hinted at an early resolution, saying “everything will be fine soon”.
The Prime Minister’s remark was in response to a reporter’s query during an at-home gathering at the official residence of Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha on the 82nd Air Force Day. Modi was seen speaking to Army Chief General Dalbir Singh.
Earlier in the day, Raha told reporters that the border “matter is serious” but the government and security forces were doing their best to return the situation to normal.
“India wants good relations with its neighbours… a number of steps are being taken… We are all concerned. Efforts are being made to bring this to an end,” Raha said.
Top government sources ruled out any talks till Pakistan stopped its attacks. “It was the Pakistani side which started the ceasefire violation. There will be no talks till the shelling stops,” a senior official said. “Pakistan should stop (firing). We did not escalate the situation and we are not going to give in to coercive diplomacy.”
Addressing election rallies in Karnal, Faridabad and Kaithal in Haryana, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh assured people living in the border villages of Jammu and Kashmir that they would soon return to their homes since the Pakistani “misadventure” was being responded to adequately.
“The situation in India has changed and Pakistan should understand this,” he said. Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju said India will continue to respond to ceasefire violations. “There is not going to be any flag meeting because our forces are responding appropriately. We will see whatever outcome is there,” he said.
In Jammu, Jitendra Singh, Minister of State in the PMO, said: “There are indications that Pakistani Army is also with the Rangers.” He said the BSF had taken appropriate action. “There is a befitting reply from Indian side and the other side is also realising that the manner in which they are suffering casualties.”
A PTI report from the United Nations headquarters said Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has asked India and Pakistan to resolve their issues diplomatically and through dialogue. Late Wednesday night, fresh firing from Pakistan was reported in Akhnoor.
On Tuesday, the BSF fired 10,000 medium machine gun rounds, the maximum since the clashes at the border. “The jawans have been told to fire with all might and there is no let-up from our side. We still stand by our decision not to hold flag meetings or call up the Pakistan Rangers,” an official said.
Away from the International Border, firing was also reported along the Line of Control. Starting 1.30 pm Tuesday, it continued until 7 am Wednesday. Sources said that the Pakistani fire, which involved automatic weapons continued…

Odisha sets zero casualty target as Hudhud approaches coastThe state government is making preparation on par with that made to deal with Cyclone Phailin last year. (Source: Reuters/file)
Press Trust of India | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 8, 2014 8:25 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 8:36 pm
As the cyclonic storm approaches the Odisha-Andhra Pradesh coast and makes landfall on Sunday, the state government on Wednesday set a “zero casualty” target, making preparation on par with that made to deal with Cyclone Phailin last year.
“The Government will strive for zero casualty. District collectors must prepare immediately and keep the evacuation plan in respect to their districts ready, giving highest priority to most vulnerable villages/ habitations,” said a spokesman of the special relief commissioner.
The state government which earned worldwide praise for effectively handling Cyclone Phailin last year, has taken Hudhud cyclone as a challenge. The casualty in the Phailin was around 20.
While cancelling leave of all government employees, the state administration set up control rooms in various departments and the district offices immediately activated to function round the clock.
Personnel of the ODRAF (Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force), NDRF and fire services have been deployed in advance to areas likely to be affected by the cyclone and associated floods to carry out search and rescue operations and assist in evacuation operations, the official said.
The state government also asked district collectors to take special care while shifting the old, infirm, physically challenged, women, and children to safer places and cyclone shelters much before the occurrence of the disaster.
Cyclone and flood shelters must be checked and made ready to house the evacuees, the spokesman said adding that arrangements for food and medicine, baby food, water supply, lighting and sanitation in the shelters should be checked and curative measures taken, if any required.
Other buildings as per requirement should also be identified by the district administration for use as shelter where water supply, lighting and sanitation arrangements are to be made, the state’s instruction to the districts said.
As flood is always associated with cyclone, boat arrangements must be made in advance, it said, adding the water level of dams and minor irrigation projects must be monitored and the storage level reduced if required.
Further, rainfall in the upstreams of the rivers should be monitored regularly, it said.
Availability of sufficient food in hostels of all residential schools of ST & SC Development Department and other departments in the cyclone prone areas should be ensured, the collectors and the Departments concerned said.

After rhetoric on Kashmir  Bilawal Bhutto now targets Narendra ModiBilawal accused India of adopting 'Israel model' against Pakistan. (Source: Reuters)
Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: October 8, 2014 8:02 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 2:02 am
Days after he vowed that Pakistan will take back entire Kashmir, the country’s ‘Gen Next’ politician Bilawal Bhutto Zardari on Wednesday attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying Pakistan can retaliate “unlike his victims from Gujarat”.
Accusing India of adopting “Israel model” against Pakistan, the 26-year-old scion of the Bhutto family said on Twitter, “Another attack on LOC. seems India adopting Israel model vs Pakistan. Modi must realize we can retaliate unlike his victims from Gujarat.”
He said this amid escalating tension between the two countries after ceasefire violations and heavy mortar shelling along the Line of Control that has claimed at least 12 lives on both sides.
Bilawal’s comments came days after he had said that his Pakistan People’s Party (PPP) would get back entire Kashmir from India.
“I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not  leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan,” he had said, addressing the party workers in Multan region in Punjab on September 19.
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People’s Party which officially wants good ties with India.
His mother, former slain premier Benazir Bhutto, was twice elected as prime minister while his maternal grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, who founded the PPP in 1967, also served as prime minister in 1970s.

Carmakers struggle in southeast AsiaUS and European carmakers face hurdles in southeast Asia
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f83119c2-42db-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The only place where people go to sleep after midnight: BrooklynBy Roberto A. Ferdman October 8 Follow @robferdman
No sleep till (after midnight in) Brooklyn. (Thinkfilm/AP)
America's earliest risers live in Arizona. The country's biggest snoozers live in Michigan. Hawaiians are in bed before anyone else. And New Yorkers really are the last ones standing at the party (or awake, at home, watching Netflix).
That's according to Jawbone, the maker of the popular fitness tracker by the same name, which  crunched data  on over one million sleep patterns across every county in the country to estimate the average bedtime and wake time for Americans all over the United States.
To be clear, the people Jawbone analyzed are those who own and use a Jawbone device, meaning that they are likely of a higher socio-economic background, and, imaginably, inclined to exercise or at least monitor their health.  There's also the likelihood that not all counties are represented equally. While Jawbone hasn't divulged how many people  were observed in each county, it's pretty reasonable to assume that far more were tracked in New York City than rural Montana. 
Countrywide, some of the trends Jawbone unearthed merely confirm what we already suspected. People who live on the West Coast, for instance, are pretty good about getting to bed early, and people who live on the East Coast, generally speaking, are not. Cities also tend to go to sleep later than rural counties—again, no surprise here.
On a county level, some places have more to brag about than others (if bragging about late bedtimes is something people want to do).
Brooklyn would certainly qualify as one of those places. No county, after all, has a later bedtime than Brooklyn — people living in Kings, New York go to bed at about 12:07 a.m., on average, according to Jawbone.
Brooklyn, as it happens, is the only city that goes to sleep after midnight. Even in Manhattan, where the second latest to bed in the United States live, people go to sleep before the clock strikes twelve (at approximately 11:55 p.m.). In Miami, the city with the third latest bedtime, people go to sleep at 11:54 p.m. on average. In Atlantic City, the fourth, people go to sleep a little after 11:50 p.m. In Los Angeles, the 384th, it's roughly 11:30 p.m.
On the other end of the spectrum are two counties in Hawaii — Maui and Kauai — where people go to sleep, on average, around 10:30 p.m., the earliest in the country.
The latest to bed aren't, naturally, the earliest to rise. Graham and Greenlee, Ariz., as well as Catron, New Mexico, share those honors. The three counties are up just after 6 a.m., on average, according to Jawbone.
Brooklynites, meanwhile, wake up later than just about anyone else. Only seven counties in the United States — Nueces, Tex.; Parke, Ind.; Montmorency, Mich.; Oscoda, Mich.; Pocahontas, W.Va.; Gladwin, Mich., and Charlevoix, Mich.— wake up later than Kings, New York, where people are awake just after 7:30 a.m. on average.
All in all, not a single county's residents were found to average more than eight hours of sleep a night. Some came close — Pocahontas, W.Va., for instance, averages 7.7 hours per night. Sawyer, Wis.; Howard, Pike, and Sevier, Ark; as well as Gulf, Fl., and Del Norte and Alpine, Calif., all average roughly seven and a half hours of sleep per night, according to Jawbone.
Others, meanwhile, are miles—ok, more like an hour and a half—away.
Dimmit and Zavala, Tex., both of which were found to average fewer than six and half hours of sleep per night, are the country's two most sleepless counties. In New York, where people stay up all night(ish), people also don't get much sleep—only about 6.8 hours on average in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens.
Correction: A previous version of this article incorrectly described the user base observed in Jawbone's analysis.
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.

An app to store medical recordsUpdated: October 8, 2014 22:15 IST
An app to store medical records
Special Correspondent
health
The Chennai-based Mooneye Group has launched an app named “HealthMemo”, which will help users store medical records digitally. The app will store and manage all paper records, charts, X-rays, MRI’s etc., which can be accessed anywhere through a smart device. For now, it is available as a free app across operating systems such as Android, IOS or from any Windows or Mac desktop. “In the technology-driven world where life without mobile phones is unthinkable, the need for such an application where health records and information can be stored and retrieved quickly is an absolute necessity,” Pradeep Dadha, Chairman of Mooneye Group, said in a statement.

Indian Railways total income up 12.02 per centOct 08, 2014 at 09:47pm IST
Indian Railways total income up 12.02 per cent
24
0
New Delhi: Indian Railways on Wednesday reported an increase of 12.02 per cent in its total income during the first six months of the current fiscal which stood at Rs 73,403.67 crore from Rs 65,525.85 crore in the same period last year.
According to the railways, the total goods earnings have gone up from Rs 44,162.15 crore during April 1 to September 30, 2013 to Rs 48,771.58 crore during April 1-September 30, 2014, registering an increase of 10.44 per cent.
The total passenger revenue earnings during April-September 2014 was Rs 21,079.09 crore compared to Rs 18,099.80 crore during the same period last year, registering an increase of 16.46 per cent, the release said.
Indian Railways on Wednesday reported an increase of 12.02 per cent in its total income during the first six months of the current fiscal.
#indian railways #income #fiscal
Revenue earnings from other coaching amounted to Rs 1,979.91 crore during April 1-September 30, 2014, compared to Rs.1,850.17 crore during the same period last year, an increase of 7.01 per cent.
The total numbers of passengers booked during the period under review was 4,253.32 million compared to 4,255.81 million during the same period last year, showing a decrease of 0.06 per cent.
6

Centre planning one more tool room; 40 skill development centres in MPOct 08, 2014 at 09:43pm IST
Centre planning one more tool room; 40 skill development centres in MP
14
0
Indore: Union Micro, Small, and Medium Industries Minister Kalraj Mishra on Wednesday assured Centre's full cooperation to the Madhya Pradesh government for developing industries besides announcing the setting up of an additional tool room and 40 special skill development centres in the state.
Addressing the Global Investors Summit here in a session focused on Micro, Small and Medium Industries, Mishra said, "Indo-German Tool Room is already functioning in Indore and we want to establish one more such tool room in the state." He asked the state government to identify land for setting up the tool room and inform his ministry about it so that it can go ahead with its plan.
The Micro, Small, and Medium Industries Minister said for skill development of rural youth in the state, his Ministry is planning to set up 40 special centres in remote areas. He urged the state government to co-operate with youths, who wish to join Credit Guarantee Fund Trust scheme for getting loans from banks for setting up small scale industries.
The Union Minister lauded Madhya Pradesh government's decision to organise the Global Investors Summit in sync with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "Make in India" campaign.
#kalraj mishra #development centers #nda government
The Union Minister lauded Madhya Pradesh government's decision to organise the Global Investors Summit in sync with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "Make in India" campaign.
Addressing the function, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said  his government has launched the "Make in Madhya Pradesh" campaign after getting inspired with Modi's ambitious "Make in India" pitch.
Terming small-scale industries as the backbone of economy, he announced that a separate ministry would be constituted in the state for their development.
He said his government has rationalised labour laws and gave freedom to small scale industries from nine Acts including Trade Union Act, Contract Labour Act, Factory Act and Standing Order Act.
Chouhan said his government has decided to create Rs 100 crore venture fund to help innovative persons set up their own industries.
He also informed that now the small-scale industries will not require to maintain 61 different kinds of registers for inspection from various level officers and instead they just have to keep one. Also, instead of 13 annual returns, they are now required to file just two.
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan highlighted the role of small-scale industries in the country and said they play a very important role in generating employment.
Sumitra, on the occasion demanded setting up of an international level Exhibition-cum-Convention Centre so that export-oriented units in the state get a larger platform for displaying their products.
The GIS which began today will culminate on October 10. Prime Minister Narendra Modi will formally inaugurate it on Thursday.
6

Highest Cycle ride: Conquering the Manali-Leh highwayManali to Leh on a Bicycle-It is not a matter of Altitude, but attitude!!
It's not a matter of Altitude, but attitude!!
Rajiv Dubey started cycling about 3 years back for health reasons. Ever since that he has done all formats of cycling that is Long Distance Endurance Cycling of 200, 300, 400, 600 KMs and short distance races.
"Ah keep your eyes on the road,  Your hands upon the wheel.
Keep your eyes on the road. Your hands upon the wheel.
Yeah, we're going to the roadhouse, Gonna have a real a- good-time.
Yeah, the back of the roadhouse, They've got some bungalows.
Yeah, the back of the roadhouse, They've got some bungalows.
They dance for the people, Who like to go down slow.
Let it roll, baby, roll.
Let it roll, baby, roll.
Let it roll, baby, roll.
Let it roll, all night long."
-Roadhouse Blues, sung by Jim Morrison from the Doors
This song played in my head whenever I went downhill after a grueling, unforgiving, and undulating climbs. The best part of Manali-Leh trip was the bike journey. Beautiful scenery, landscape changing every moment, mountain ranges of different colors, uphill climbs up to 17,600 feet,  extreme cold-dry conditions in cold desert, spending nights in 14,000 + feet heights, where there is no sign of human life, animal life or plant life.
Manali-Leh Highway is a 479 km Road with averae elevation of 4000 meters (13,000 feet)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leh%E2%80%93Manali_Highway
Ladakh is a cold semi-arid desert. It is cold along the highway even in summer (June onwards); the days are warm in bright sunshine but the nights are very cold. The water from glacial melts is ice-cold and one should avoid getting wet in water-crossings on the highway. Light woolens are required during the day and thick woolens at night. There is no rainfall between Rohtang pass and Leh even during the monsoon season in July-September as the entire region lies in rain-shadow. The greenery on the southern side of Rohtang disappears and the mountain slopes on the northern side become brown and arid. However, the mountain peaks are covered in snow and glare brightly in sun.
Just to brag a little -The highest I climbed was 5381 meters from sea level (17,600 feet) about 61% height of Mount Everest-that too on a non-motorized bike. Cumulatively, I climbed 8026 meters in 6 days on bike (almost 91% of height of Mount Everest-but on a  lower altitudes)
Well, it was one of most beautiful journeys done by me in very testing environs. While the bike journey was awesome, the stay was painful, nights were cold and windy.  One never looked forward to reaching camp site-a very cold, unwelcoming camp with abysmally small tent with dirty unclean mats-where every task was a torture and no place to do morning rituals/ablutions.
We started on September 26th from Delhi and reached Manali after 22 hour long journey due to massive traffic jams en route. But we were not tired as we looked forward to the start of the trip on September 28th. Gagandeep Singh Bhalla ji made us laugh for these 22 hours, so much that our jaws hurt! Here we got names for people like Rajiiv Chadha as "MNC" Multi National Chaddha etc. We had a blast!
Checked in to the Johnson's Lodge in Manali and after a while I heard the door knocked, there was a very charming Ankita Gaur- my running team mate, who I have been interacting for ages, but never met in person.
We got our bikes assembled ourselves, as our designate mechanic had too much at his hand. It was not a perfect job, so the mechanic had to do some minor tweaking to make the bike perfect for riding.  My bike had a flat-while it was in the box, so I changed the tube as well.  Had an awesome dinner with Malli and Shreyas at Johnson's Café and we kept chatting for hours.
Day 1: September 28
Manali to Marhi
Morning: we were given breakfast in boxes and told to assemble at the start point. We ate quickly and moved to start point. After flagging off we quickly climbed the Manali-Leh highway and reached an re-assembly area where we had some Bead-Omelette , we were hungry!  Thereafter, little bit of climb and we reached the Camping Spot for Day 1 at Marhi.  Marthi is about 18 km before Rohtang La Pass, at 3200 meters height is a good place to acclimatize. We stayed in an animal grazing field which was full of horse shit, cow dung  and other kinds of shits, which was beyond human sensibilities and made living-walking miserable.
We were told by the organizers that this was the best camping place in neighborhood.
Tents looked nice, when lit from inside. Imran sat on that cliff to get phone signal.
It rained in the afternoon and It was impossible to escape without stepping on the Holy-Shit, even in broad day light. Night made it worse, as it rained more and there were million mules hovering around the tents all night, making funny sounds and well, adding more shit to the shit house.Later we put the Shit-House in Flames (Jim Morrison Style), but burning Cow Dung, Dried Horse Crap as a Bon Fire!
The night:  we had a nice round of "spirited" introductions, next day I was told that I was "flying". I had good fun interacting with all fellow team mates; I instantly made lots of friends.
Day 1-We traveled 36 Km and climbed 1441 meters. Stayed at 3200 meters altitude.
Day 2: September 29
Marhi-KhokSar-Sissu-Tandi
Started the day, after inspecting the possible place to do the "deed" and one realized that outdoors is the only option, away from eyes of humans will be best place to do it.  Well, there is always a FIRST time to do something, if you have not done something before. Because, when you gotta go, you gotta GO!  Poor Modi will feel bad about it, if he gets to know-but who cares when you have to go!
At start point, I looked for water refill and I was told by Chiro to buy water as "the water was only for emergency" and that riders were "on their own" thereafter-which probably meant that there would be no support/water provided.
Climbed, Rohtang La with a little struggle as the 20 kmph headwinds on 4-10 grade climbs, at times climb grade touching 18%! Once reaching Rohtang at 3979 meters (13,500 feet over sea level) , we found that it was just a plain ground-no snow just a motley set of tea shops. Refilled water, had tea and Choco-Chip biscuits and moved on. I had a different memory of Rohtang La, with lots of snow and Glaciers.
Downhill-on Rohang was screwed. The road was washed away by snow and rain. So I went down one stone at a time 'Eyes on the road-hands upon the wheel" types.
Stopped by at a roadside dhaba at Khok Sar, had  Dal-Chawal for lunch. I was told that the lunch bill will be provided by our Tent-Wala guy. Made sure Ankita got her GPS/Strava working and moved on to our Camp Site via a very beautiful Sissu and landing at Tandi. This was a beautiful stretch, I stopped several times to take pictures and had company of Sachin Rastogi, while Malli, Ankita and Akshay moved ahead towards the camp.
Road between Sissu and Tandi, especially downhill section was awfully bad.  Tandi has the"Last Filling Station" i.e. no Petrol Pump or gas Station for next 365 Kms.  At Tandi-There was no sign of our camp and since no one rider was briefed, struggled a bit to find the camp site, which was at a permanent camping place, 2 km uphill, next to a monastery. This place had make-shift toilets as well. I found a running water tap so, borrowed a bucket and a mug from a nearby house and had a bath in open.  Man! It felt so good.  Got my stuff ready for the next day's ride and ate loads of Pakoda and drank tea.
In Tent at night, realized that all the soft mats, which are spread in tents, under the sleeping bag were taken. There was just one dirty rubber mat between 2 of us and would be extremely tough to sleep in the tent in "not so clean" conditions. It would have been better if the tent-guys had taken little care to provide adequate number of tents and mats for so many people. So, I went to a nearby Buddhist Lama's house, which was very close to where we were staying, knocked the door and asked Lama if I could take a shelter in house. Lama was kind; he offered his prayer room, where I and Mallii peacefully spent the night.
We rode 75 Km, climbed 1261 Km and stayed at 2800 meters altitude.
Day 3: September 30
Tandi-Keylong-Jispa-Darcha-Patseo
Morning: Nice hearty breakfast and we moved towards Keylong, which is green and beautiful. Here I saw Imran and waved at him.  Some other riders-Mukesh, Manish etc. who had left the camp site early and had fixed up with a Hotel at Keylong, to have a hot water shower and to relax a bit. I Started towards Jispa which has a Buddhist Temple inaugurated by HH Dalai Lama. I paid my respects there. Little that I realized that I was going through the Lahaul-Spiti region on HP, which gets talked about on Radio for its difficult climate during winters.
At Jispa-A government official had gathered some village folks and was helping them grow the crops etc and was delivering some gyan on a loudspeaker.
As I was crossing Jispa, the three volunteers- Chiro, Shubho and Shubho's friend-who were there in Car Duster, stopped by to ask, if I needed something. I told them I was fine and did not need help.  Later, a quick pit stop at very scenic place called "Darcha" for Dal-Chawal lunch at a dhaba thereafter, again paid by our Tent-Wala guy.  It was hot and sunny and we had to climb.
Started climbing with Akshay, Malli, Ankita and I realized that I could not push it as quick as they were as I felt breathless. It was just 4-5 km to go and I was having trouble breathing, it was out of sync, while I reached at 3700 meters elevation (12,200 feet).
There was an illusion that road looked like its downhill while the Garmin continuously showed 3-4% grade climb.
So, I decided to walk. Soon, Imran Syed came along and gave me a pep talk and walked along till we reached Deepak Taal, which is in shape of a Lamp. There was once again, some confusion wrt to camp location, thankfully-Supratim had hung his jersey on one of the Tent-wala's vehicles so that riders could identify the place.  Supratim's Jacket was world famous anyways! We reached the camp which was in between river streams and was a very scenic place. Got a warm welcome by Ankita, Akshay, Malli and Soup.
As the sun went behind the hills, it became very cold and scary. But it was very scenic and beautiful. Had a nice round of Punjabi-Chinese Food. Vivian would not agree that it was even remotely "Chinese". Well, that's what we call as "Chinese".
Day 3: We climbed 1430 Meters and rode about 64 Kms and stayed at 3700 meters height above sea level.  Quite on the contrary, we were told that we have elevation gain of 600 meters in store while we climbed 1430 meters!
Day 4: October 1, 2014
Patseo-ZingZingBar-Baralachala-Killingsarai-Sarchu-Brandy Nalla
The night before, inside the tent the temp dropped to a zero and 1. There was frost on my foot wear. The water bottles were half-frozen. The temp outside was in negative. Found a spot to 'Go" outdoors, cleaned myself and got ready for the ride.
I am very slow in the cold mornings. By the time I got ready to ride, most riders had left, so I started alone-slowly-unable to synchronize my peddling and breathing. At ZingZingBar which was just 12-13 km away and came after climbing 500 meters, I stopped at a tea shop for a cup of tea and the tea shop owner offered me "Garlic" which eased my breathing.  It just worked like magic.
Soon after that I saw all three Chiro, Shubho and Shubho's friend in Duster and wondered why they did not split themselves in different support vehicles and supported the riders climbing such treacherous uphill. I confronted Chiro with this question and got no answer-instead the organizers got annoyed with me for posing this question. Because, in effect we had 4 vehicles and volunteers/organizers could have easily split themselves and supported the riders at Fixed Time stations. Anyways, they must have a good reason for not doing so.
Soon, after ZingZingBar, I climbed up to 4700 meters (15000 feet) and found Shubho standing in 1 degree temp, with food for us, just before Baralachala Pass. It was very touching to see Shubho do this for us, standing is such cold climate and high altitude.
Took quick Paratha bites with Real Juice and moved to the Baralachala Pass which was well over 4900 meters from sea level (over 16,000 feet).  Downhill from Baralachala was as usual, broken and in very bad shape. Somehow maneuvered my way downhill to reach a beautiful site, where workers were busy dismantling a bridge. Crossed over the stream towards KillingSarai where Snow Fall caught us.
I had Sudhir Rawat in the tow, who was scared. I asked him to keep going, because best way to escape the snow is to keep moving and keep our bodies warm. At KillingSarai, I got a 'Thumbs Up" and "High 5s" from 30 BMW motorbike riders who were going uphill from south side of Baralachala. The snowfall stopped. Had garlic flakes and tea, which improved breathing and moved towards Sarchu.
Ride on Sarchu Plains was awesome. The river by the side with huge embankment, reminded me of Colarado River and Grand Canyon. It looked just like that!
At Sarchu, I saw Malli on the other side of the road. Here, me Sachin, Supratim, Sudhir stopped to have a cup of tea and Maggie and rested for an hour. I bought Bisleri Water, drank clean water and while we were preparing to leave, Mukesh and Arjun joined us. We camped 20 Km ahead of Sarchu, next to a bridge called "Brandy Bridge", just before 'Whiskey Nalla" and beginning of Gatta Loops.
Dinner Time, our kitchen served Hot Pizza, Pasta and nice soup. The table arrangement was also re-done by riders in a way that it made easy access for food. Bon Fire at night was good too, because it was not windy. We slept early (8ish).
Day 4 we rode 87 Km, Climbed 1543 meters and stayed at 4209 meters above sea level (About 13,800 feet).
Day 5: October 2, 2014
Gatta Loops, Nakeela Pass, Lachungla Pass
When we woke up, the temp was in negative. After doing morning rituals, we had breakfast and moved to make a start. The water bottles were half-frozen. Hands were numb; teeth were doing kit-kit. Me and Malli found a sunny spot and warmed up a little. The difference between sunny and non sunny spot was between 0 and 8 degrees. +8 Degrees felt so warm! Clearly, there is  10-20 degrees between shade and Sun, depending on time of the day!
Soon, we were climbing Gata Loops, which is nothing but 21 loops of road on same side of the hill, which takes you up from 4201meters (13,800 feet) to 4667 meters (15,100 feet) height. It was fun climbing this. View from here just keeps getting better.
Next after Gata Loops is is Nakeela Pass, at 4750 meters (15547 feet) and then you go downhill (again on a broken road). From Sarchu itself, at the downhill bottom, I saw our Tent-wala's kitchen. I tld myself "Wow the food is just a downhill away". Our kitchen offered us Maggie.  Also saw, Chiro-Shubho-Shubho's friend in a Duster at this lunch stop.  Refilled emergency water from Duster.and some essentials for the next climb.
Imran came soon after and one could see that he had a bad fall, while on Nakeela downhill. But the strong man got up and rode all the way, again. He has demeanor of a Army Man and never say die attitude.
Soon, we began to climb from 4800 meter valley (15,800 feet) to 5105 meters (16,616 feet) of Lachungla Climb. We saw 100s of Army Trucks moving in opp direction, which delayed me considerably. There was tons of dost blowing due of army movement. Some of the soldiers waved and saluted. It felt good.
After Climbing the LaChungla the downhill (Of course on a broken road) led us to the camping site at Pang.
I was covered in dust and had inhaled huge amounts of sand and dust. Wanted to take a shower and clean myself. But such options in Laddakh are scarce.
At Pang, we were staying at an altitude of 4600 meters (15,100 feet). Where its very dusty and windy, the temperature dips well below zero.
After reaching Pang, I told Shreyas, that once I return, I will burn all my cloths and bike, since its so damn dirty. At Pang- Tent Wala's Kitchen was alive. But they had not pitched the tents. We were told to share a place in a 10 bed dormitory, which is possibly used by truckers and tourists in transit. This had a name 'Paljor's Café" . I immediately remembered my friend Karma, who is from Sikkim and shares the same surname. We had very nice hosts and our Kitchen served food in our Dorm.
Our Dormitory was a very cozy and warm place. One realized that Rajiv Chadha was slipping and his health was deteriorating. He suffered severe bout of AMS, and was quickly taken to the Army Base Hospital nearby and was treated. Next morning he was alive and kicking.
That night, I did not eat anything, though our kitchen guys insisted that I must eat.
Keeping 10 men in one room is hilarious. First they all talk 'n brag and when they sleep-they snore. Since I had a peaceful sleep and all other people who slept peacefully-SNORED. The ones who did not sleep early, listened to orchestra.
Every snoring person has different style of snoring. Some run Bikes, Some run Trains some whistle.  Person who sleeps last has to hear cacophonous orchestra. 10 snoring men in the room can cause a "SNOROTHON", as Imran would say.
Next morning, I saw that water kept in drums froze at night, even the small streams of water were frozen.
We had covered 57 Kms on Day 5. Did 21 Gatta Loops, Went through 2 Mountain Passes, Climbed 1167 meters and stayed the night at 4600 meter (15100) altitude.
Day 6:
Climb to Morey Plains-Morey Plaiins-Tanglangla Pass and the downhill
We checked Oxygen levels of everyone and were happy to see 85-87% levels at 4600 meters height for everyone and got ready to leave. Supratim had lower level  at 55-60% but several readings later-the Oxymeter gave in and showed good Oxygen level for Soup as well.
Once on Morey Plains (4800 meters-15,800 feet) it's a gradual descend to 4700 meters (15,400 feet) spread over 40 km. But remember-there is no "FLAT" in hills. The terrain is rolling at times and does not leave any change to relax. It becomes very windy at times and you may get head/cross winds as well. If you are lucky then you may get Tail wind as well.
After Morey Plains , with 35 km of good road came under construction/broken road. Here Chiro ran a 14 Km run in very clod climate and we took a customary selfie. Stopped at Debering and we had Maggie for Lunch-made by our kitchen and then the most arduous climb of Tanglang La started.
The Climb to Tanglang La is about 20 Km from Debering. But about 16 km road out of 20 km is missing. So basically, I sat on bike saddle and went from stone to stone causing saddle sores.
It was very tough climb. The air was getting thinner, the sun was getting bright and piercing through the my UV protected Oakley's Sunglasses.  I overtook a very exhausted Vivian-almost giving up. Soon I reached 4900 meters (16000 meet) and saw Imran.  Imran- one of the most sensible persons I met during these days. He would always be calm. He would take short breaks-off the saddle and kept moving. At 47, he gave lots of youngsters run for their money.
Our KOM (King of Mountains) and QOM  (Queen of Mountains) Akshay and Ankita had gone ahead.
Malli, Supratim and Sudhir were behind and I could see that they were getting slower and slower. I overtook Bhalla ji at 5000 meter (16400 feet) height. He is such a fun person to be with.  Then I saw Mukesh Sharma-relaxing at 5100 (16,700) meter height-taking a breather.
The Duster with Chiro-Shubo and his friend overtook me after asking if I needed something. I gave them my back-pack which had my downhill clothing. At 5200 meters (17,000 feet) Shreyas and Srini were again providing support to climbing cyclists, while their van driver kept poking them to move. On this climb and Morey Plains -Shreyas, Srini and Alok provided very good support and ensured that we were hydrated-which otherwise has been missing throughout the entire Manali-Leh ride.  All thanks to the support by the team, I could do a very treacherous climb at a pace, which turned out to be 3rd fastest ever recorded in this terrain.
At Tanglangla, I recorded a small video for my parents, my wife and my son. Thereafter put some -10
degree compliant cloths (which were handed over by Chiro to Alok, who was in a bus) and started descend to Rumstey- where we were supposed to camp.
On downhill I met Chiro-Shubho and his friend in Duster. Shubho's face was swollen. He was suffering from AMS and looked in bad shape. I was told to go to Rumstey, 11 km away.  11 Km Downhill-at Rumsey:  As usual, there was no sign of the camp here.
Figured the directions to the camp. while there was still bright light. People who came in later at night had even tougher time looking for camp site. The tents were pitched, but looking at the condition of people our Tent-Walla had arranged for a stay at a Dorm which took about 6-8 people in each room and looked cozy. But there was only 1 -2 toilet for about 30 people. I needed a bath and there was no way to do it.
Ride for me was over.  As- it was just a downhill section left for the next day. There was no challenge and I did not want to go through another night of hardship and morning rituals thereafter. I along with Imran, Mukesh, Shreyas had decided to go to Leh and check in to a hotel and have a shower. Waited for Malli to arrive and we did that as soon as Malli reached and I told him of the decision.  Malli decided to stay. We decided to move on.
It unruffled some feathers-which was totally unintentional. I just could not take the tough part of post ride...defecating in open, not taking bath for several days, not shaving etc. Later that night, we checked in to a 5 Star hotel "Shangri-La" at Leh and had a nice 1-2 hour long shower. Totally deserved it.
As soon as I got connectivity, I called my Mom, called my Dad, called my wife and told them I am fine.
Will I do this trip again?-Probably Yes.
Will I do this trip with such a huge group? - Probably No.
Will I recommend anyone to go and camp in such a hostile situations-Never. Because, living in Laddakh is never easy. Even with best facilities and cozy  houses, its very tough. Camping in Laddakh is even tougher. People who provide tent-services are very brave one to do it in such hostile conditions. We, as Delhi-NCR people have never seen anything like this ever.
I would like to thank Chiro and Shubo for putting this together. It took them months to put this together. As I said in the opening remark-It was most beautiful journey taken by me, EVER.
It's not a matter of Altitude, but attitude!!
"Ah keep your eyes on the road,  Your hands upon the wheel.
Keep your eyes on the road. Your hands upon the wheel.
Yeah, we're going to the roadhouse, Gonna have a real a- good-time.
Yeah, the back of the roadhouse, They've got some bungalows.
Yeah, the back of the roadhouse, They've got some bungalows.
They dance for the people, Who like to go down slow.
Let it roll, baby, roll.
Let it roll, baby, roll.
Let it roll, baby, roll.
Let it roll, all night long."
-Roadhouse Blues, sung by Jim Morrison from the Doors
This song played in my head whenever I went downhill after a grueling, unforgiving, and undulating climbs. The best part of Manali-Leh trip was the bike journey. Beautiful scenery, landscape changing every moment, mountain ranges of different colors, uphill climbs up to 17,600 feet, extreme cold-dry conditions in cold desert, spending nights in 14,000 + feet heights, where there is no sign of human life, animal life or plant life.
Ladakh is a cold semi-arid desert. It is cold along the highway even in summer (June onwards); the days are warm in bright sunshine but the nights are very cold. The water from glacial melts is ice-cold and one should avoid getting wet in water-crossings on the highway. Light woolens are required during the day and thick woolens at night. There is no rainfall between Rohtang pass and Leh even during the monsoon season in July-September as the entire region lies in
rain-shadow
.   The greenery on the southern side of Rohtang disappears and the mountain slopes on the northern side become brown and arid. However, the mountain peaks are covered in snow and glare brightly in sun.
Just to brag a little more-The highest I climbed was 5381 meters from sea level (17,600 feet) about 61% height of Mount Everest-that too on a bike. Cumulatively, I climbed 8026 meters in 6 days on bike (almost 91% of height of Mount Everest-but on a  lower altitudes)
Well, it was one of most beautiful journeys done by me in very testing environs. While the bike journey was awesome, the stay was painful, nights were cold and windy.  One never looked forward to reaching camp site-a very cold, unwelcoming camp with abysmally small tent with dirty unclean mats-where every task was a torture and no place to do morning rituals/ablutions.
We started on September 26th from Delhi and reached Manali after 22 hour long journey due to massive traffic jams en route. But we were not tired as we looked forward to the start of the trip on September 28th.
Checked in to the Johnson's Lodge in Manali and after a while I heard the door knocked, there was a very charming Ankita Gaur-my running team mate, who I have been interacting for ages, but never met in person. We got our bikes assembled ourselves, as our designate mechanic had too much at his hand. It was not a perfect job, so the mechanic had to do some minor tweaking to make the bike perfect for riding.  My bike had a flat-while it was in the box, so I changed the tube as well.  Had an awesome dinner with Malli and Shreyas at Johnson's Café and we kept chatting.
Day 1: September 28
Manali to Marhi
Morning: we were given breakfast in boxes and told to assemble at the start point. We ate quickly and moved to start point. After flagging off we quickly climbed the Manali-Leh highway and reached an re-assembly area where we had some Bead-Omelette , we were hungry!  Thereafter, little bit of climb and we reached the Camping Spot for Day 1 at Marhi.
Marthi is about 18 KM before Rohtang La Pass, at 3200 meters height is a good place to acclimatize. We stayed in an animal grazing field which was full of horse shit, cow dung and other kinds of shits, which was beyond human sensibilities and made living-walking miserable. We were told by the organizers that this was the best camping place in neighborhood.
It rained in the afternoon and It was impossible to escape without stepping on the Holy-Shit, even in broad day light. Night made it worse, as it rained more and there were million mules hovering around the tents all night, making funny sounds and well, adding more shit to the shithouse.
The night: we had a nice round of "spirited" introductions, next day I was told that I was "flying". I had good fun interacting with all fellow team mates; I instantly made lots of friends.
Day 1-We travelled 36 KM and climbed 1441 meters. Stayed at 3200 meters altitude.
Day 2: September 29
Marhi-KhokSar-Sissu-Tandi
Started the day, after inspecting the possible place to do the "deed" and one realized that outdoors is the only option, away from eyes of humans will be best place to do it. Well, there is always a FIRST time to do something, if you have not done something before. Because, when you gotta go, you gotta GO!  Poor Modi will feel bad about it, if he gets to know-but who cares when you have to go!
At start point, I looked for water refill and I was told by Chiro to buy water as "the water was only for emergency" and that riders were "on their own" thereafter-which probably meant that there would be no support/water provided.
Climbed, Rohtang La with a little struggle as the 20 Kmph headwinds on 4-10 grade climbs, at times climb grade touching 18%! Once reaching Rohtang at 3979 meters (13,500 feet over sea level), we found that it was just a plain ground-no snow just a motley set of tea shops. Bought water, had tea and choco-chip biscuits and moved on. I had a different memory of Rohtang.
Downhill-on Rohang was screwed. The road was washed away by snow and rain. So I went down one stone at a time 'eyes on the road-hands upon the wheel' types.
Stopped by at a roadside dhaba at Khok Sar, had  Dal-Chawal for lunch. Made sure Ankita got her GPS/Strava working and moved on to our Camp Site via a very beautiful Sissu and landing at Tandi. Road between Sissu and Tandi, especially downhill section was awfully bad. I was told that the lunch bill will be paid by our Tent-Wala guy.
Tandi has the "Last Filling Station" i.e. no Petrol Pump or gas Station for next 365 KMs. At Tandi-There was no sign of our camp and since no one rider was briefed, struggled a bit to find the camp site, which was at a permanent camping place, 2 KM uphill, next to a monastery. This place had make-shift toilets as well. I found a running water tap so, borrowed a bucket and a mug from a nearby house and had a bath in open. Man! It felt so good.  Got my stuff ready for the next day's ride and ate loads of Pakoda and drank tea.
In Tent at night, realized that there was one very dirty rubber mat between 2 of us and would be extremely tough to sleep in the tent in filthy conditions. So, I went to a Buddhist Lama's house, which was close to where we were staying, knocked the door and asked Lama if I could take a shelter in house. Lama was kind; he offered his prayer room, where I and Mallii peacefully spent the night.
We rode 75 KM, climbed 1261 KM and stayed at 2800 meters altitude.
Day 3: September 30
Tandi-Keylong-Jispa-Darcha-Patseo
Morning: Nice hearty breakfast and we moved towards Keylong, which is green and beautiful. Here I saw Imran and waved at him. Some other riders-Mukesh, Manish etc. who had left the camp site early and had fixed up with a Hotel at Keylong, to have a hot water shower and to relax a bit. I Started towards Jispa which has a Buddhist Temple inaugurated by HH Dalai Lama. I paid my respects there. Little that I realized that I was going through the Lahaul-Spiti region on HP, which gets talked about on Radio for its difficult climate during winters.
At Jispa-A government official had gathered some village folks and was helping them grow the crops etc and was delivering some gyan on a loudspeaker.
As I was crossing Jispa, the three volunteers-Chiro, Shubho and another guy-who were there in Car Duster, stopped by to ask, if I needed something. I told them I was fine and did not need help.  A quick pit stop at very scenic place called "Darcha" for Dal-Chawal lunch at a dhaba thereafter, again paid by our Tent-Wala guy. It was hot and sunny and we had to climb.
Started climbing with Akshay, Malli, Ankita and I realized that I could not push it as I felt breathless. It was just 4-5 km to go and I was having trouble while I reached at 3700 meters elevation (12,200 feet). There was an illusion that road looked like its downhill while the Garmin continuously showed 3-4% grade climb.
So, I decided to walk. Soon, Imran came along and gave me a pep talk and walked along till we reached Deepak Taal, which is in shape of a Lamp. There was once again, some confusion wrt to camp location, thankfully-Supratim had hung his jersey on one of the Tent-wala's vehicles so that riders could identify the place. Supratim's Jacket was world famous anyways!
We reached the camp which was in between river streams and was a very scenic place. As the sun went behind the hills, it became very cold and scary.
Day 3: We climbed 1430 Meters and rode about 64 Kms and stayed at 3700 meters height above sea level. Quite on the contrary, we were told that we have elevation gain of 600 meters in store while we climbed 1430 meters!
Day 4: October 1, 2014
Patseo-ZingZingBar-Baralachala-Killingsarai-Sarchu-Brandy Nalla
The night before, inside the tent the temp dropped to a zero and 1. There was frost on my foot wear. The water bottles were half-frozen. The temp outside was in negative. Found a spot to "Go" outdoors, cleaned myself and got ready for the ride.
I am very slow in the cold mornings. By the time I got ready to ride, most riders had left, so I started alone-slowly.
ZingZingBar which was just 12-13 km away and came after climbing 500 meters, I stopped at a tea shop for a cup of tea and the tea shop owner offered me Garlic which eased my breathing.
Soon after that I saw all three Chiro, Shubho and Shubho's friend in Duster and wondered why they did not split themselves in different support vehicles and supported the riders. I confronted Chiro with this question and got no answer-instead the organizers got annoyed with me for posing this question.
Because, in effect we had 4 vehicles:
1.     Duster which had all three Organizers-Chiro, Shubho and Shubho's friend.
2.     Bus #1: The Tent wala guys which had our tents, cooks and Ration/food etc.
3.     Bus #2: This bus used to cross us once in a day. Used to come so close and honk at the poor cyclists and left us startled and at times it appeared that the driver wanted to run over us-or maybe scare us just for fun.
4.     Bus # 3: Never saw this vehicle-thankfully. This was used to sweep people and had our mechanic Rizwan.
Despite having 4 vehicles, we had no FIXED support stations. Bus drivers /its occupants/cyclists were not briefed. Location of the camp site was always a wild guess. Even if people knew there was always confusion because the possible camp site kept shifting every time we heard from the organizers. So, in effect people in the lead group never got any support when they needed it.
After ZingZingBar, I climbed up to 4700 meters and found Shubho standing in 1 degree temp, with food for us, just before Baralachala Pass. It was very touching to see Shubho do this for us, standing is such cold climate and high altitude.
Took quick Paratha bites with Real Juice and moved to the Baralachala Pass which was well over 4900 meters from sea level (over 16,000 feet). Downhill from Baralachala was as usual, broken and in very bad shape. Somehow maneuvered my way downhill to reach a beautiful site, where workers were busy dismantling a bridge. Crossed over the stream towards KillingSarai where Snow Fall caught us.
I had Sudhir Rawat in the tow, who was scared. I asked him to keep going, because best way to escape the snow is to keep moving and keep our bodies warm. At KillingSarai, I got a "Thumbs Up" and "High 5s" from 30 BMW motorbike riders who were going uphill from south side of Baralachala. The snowfall stopped. Had garlic flakes and tea, which improved breathing and moved towards Sarchu.
At Sarchu, I saw Malli on the other side of the road. Here, me Sachin, Supratim, Sudhir stopped to have a cup of tea and Maggie and rested for an hour. I bought Bisleri Water, drank clean water and while we were preparing to leave, Mukesh and Arjun joined us. We camped 20 Km ahead of Sarchu, next to a bridge called "Brandy Bridge", just before "Whiskey Nalla" and beginning of Gatta Loops.
Dinner Time, our kitchen served Hot Pizza, Pasta and nice soup. The table arrangement was also re-done by riders in a way that it made easy access for food. Bon Fire at night was good too, because it was not windy.
Day 4 we rode 87 Km, Climbed 1543 meters and stayed at 4209 meters above sea level (About 13,800 feet).
Day 5: October 2, 2014
Gatta Loops, Nakeela Pass, Lachungla Pass
When we woke up, the temp was in negative. After doing morning rituals, we had breakfast and moved to make a start. The water bottles were half-frozen. Hands were numb; teeth were doing kit-kit. Me and Malli found a sunny spot and warmed up a little. The difference between sunny and non sunny spot was between 0 and 8 degrees. +8 Degrees felt so warm! Clearly, there is  10-20 degrees between shade and Sun, depending on time of the day!
Soon, we were climbing Gata Loops, which is nothing but 21 loops of road on same side of the hill, which takes you up from 4201 meters (13,800 feet) to 4667 meters (15,100 feet) height. It was fun climbing this.
Next after Gata Loops is is Nakeela Pass, at 4750 meters (15547 feet) and then you go downhill ((of course on a broken road). At the downhill bottom, we bund our Tent-wala's kitchen which offered us Maggie. Also saw, Chiro-Shubho-Shubho's friend in a Duster. Refilled emergency water from Duster.
Imran came soon after and one could see that he had a bad fall, while on Nakeela downhill. But the strong man got up and rode all the way. Soon, we began to climb from 4800 meter valley (15,800 feet) to 5105 meters (16,616 feet) of Lachungla Climb. We saw 100s of Army Trucks moving in opp direction, which delayed me considerably. There was tons of dost blowing due of army movement. Some of the soldiers waved and saluted. It felt good.
After Climbing the LaChungla the downhill (Of course on a broken road) led us to the camping site at Pang. I was covered in dust and had inhaled huge amounts of sand and dust. Wanted to take a shower and clean myself. But, at Pang, we were staying at an altitude of 4600 meters (15,100 feet). Where the water kept in drums froze at night, even the small streams of water were frozen. After reaching Pang, I told Shreyas, that once I return, I will burn all my cloths and bike, since its so damn dirty.
At Pang - Tent Wala's Kitchen was alive. But they had not pitched the tents. We were told to share a place in a 10 bed dormitory, which is possibly used by truckers and tourists. This even had a name 'Paljor's Café" or something. I immediately remembered my friend Karma, who is from Sikkim. We had very nice hosts and our Kitchen served food in our Dorm.
Dormitory was a very cozy and warm place. Soon after preparing for the next day's ride, one realized that Rajiv Chadha was slipping and his health was deteriorating. He suffered severe bout of AMS, and was quickly taken to the Army Base Hospital nearby and was treated. Next morning he was alive and kicking.
Keeping 10 men in one room is hilarious. First they talk and brand and when they sleep-they snore. Person who sleeps last has to hear cacophonic orchestra.
10 snoring men in the room can cause a "SNOROTHON". That night, I did not eat anything, though our kitchen guys insisted that I must eat. Because of which, I had a peaceful sleep-which means all OTHER people who slept peacefully-snored. The ones who did not sleep early, listened to orchestra.
Next morning Imran told us his woes.
We covered 57 Kms. Did 21 Gatta Loops, Went through 2 Mountain Passes, Climbed 1167 meters and stayed the night at 4600 meter (15100) altitude.
Day 6:
Climb to Morey Plains-Morey Plaiins-Tanglangla Pass and downhill
We checked Oxygen levels of everyone and were happy to see 85-87% levels at 4600 meters height for everyone and got ready to leave. Supratim had lower level  at 55-60% but several readings later-the Oxymeter gave in and showed good Oxygen level for Soup as well.
Once on Morey Plains (4800 meters-15,800 feet) it's a gradual descend to 4700 meters (15,400 feet) spread over 40 km. But remember-there is no "FLAT" in hills. The terrain is rolling at times and does not leave any change to relax. It becomes very windy at times and you may get head/cross winds as well. If you are lucky then you may get Tail wind as well.
After Morey Plains , with 35 km of good road came under construction/broken road. We had Maggie Lunch at Debring-made by our kitchen and then the most arduous climb of Tanglang La started.
"All the other kids with the pumped up kicks  You'd better run, better run, outrun my gun  All the other kids with the pumped up kicks  You'd better run, better run, faster than my bullet  All the other kids with the the pumped up kicks  You'd better run, better run, outrun my gun  All the other kids with the pumped up kicks  You'd better run, better run, faster than my bullet"
-From Pumped up kicks by Foster, the people
The Climb to Tanglang La is about 20 Km from Debering. But about 16 km road out of 20 km is missing. Sitting on bike saddle and going from stone to stone causing saddle sores.
It was very tough climb. The air was getting thinner, the sun was bright and piercing through the my UV protected Oakley's Sunglasses.  I overtook a very exhausted Vivian-almost giving up. Soon I reached 4900 meters (16000 meet) and saw Imran.
Imran-one of the most sensible persons I met during these days. He would always be calm. He would take short breaks-off the saddle and kept moving. At 47, he gave lots of youngsters run for their money.
Malli, Supratim and Sudhir were getting slower and slower. I overtook Bhalla ji at 5000 meter (16400 feet) height. He is such a fun person to be with. Then I saw Mukesh Sharma-relaxing at 5100 (16,700) meter height.
The Duster with Chiro-Shubo and his friend overtook me after asking if I needed something. I gave them bag which had my downhill clothing. At 5200 meters (17,000 feet) Shreyas and Srini were again providing support to climbing cyclists, while their van driver kept poking them to move.
On this climb and Morey Plains -Shreyas, Srini and Alok provided very good support and ensured that we were hydrated-which otherwise has been missing throughout the entire Manali-Leh ride.
All thanks to the support by the team, I could do a very treacherous climb at a pace, which turned out to be 3rdfastest ever recorded in this terrain.
At Tanglangla, I recorded a small video for my parents, my wife and my son. Thereafter put some -10 degree compliant cloths (which were handed over by Chiro to Alok) and started descend to Rumstey-where we were supposed to camp. On downhill I met Chiro-Shubho and his friend in Duster. Shubho's face was swollen. He was suffering from AMS and looked in bad shape.
At Rumsey:  As usual, there was no sign of the camp at Rumstey.
figured it hard way while there was still bright light. People who came in later at night had even tougher time looking for camp site. The tents were up, but looking at the condition of people our Tent-Walla had arranged for a stay at a Dorm which took about 6-8 people in each room and looked cozy. But there was only 1 toilet for about 30 people. I needed a bath.
Ride for me was over.  As- it was just a little downhill section left for the next day. There was no challenge and I did not want to go through another night of hardship and morning rituals thereafter.
I along with Imran, Mukesh, Shreyas had decided to go to Leh and check in to a hotel and have a shower. Waited for Malli to arrive and we did that as soon as Malli reached and I told him of the decision. Malli decided to stay. We decided to move on.
It unruffled some feathers-which was totally unintentional. I just could not take the tough part of post ride...defecating in open, not taking bath for several days, not shaving etc.
Later that night, we checked in to a 5 Star hotel "Shangri-La" at Leh and had a nice 1-2 hour long shower. Totally deserved it.
Call my Mom, Called my Dad, Called my wife and told them I am fine.  Will I do this trip again-probably yes.
Will I do this trip with such a huge group-probably no.
Will I recommend anyone to go and camp in such a hostile situations-Never.
I will probably do this trip again with like minded friends and stay in lesser hostile places.
Nonetheless, I would like to thank Chiro and Shubo for putting this together. As I said in the opening remark-It was most beautiful journey taken my me, EVER.
5

Martin OMalley and the human right to WiFiBy Philip Bump October 8 Follow @pbump
Gov. Martin O'Malley  (J. Scott Applewhite/AP)
"WiFi," Maryland governor and (vice) presidential candidate Martin O'Malley (D) told CNN , "is a human right." He was putting those words into the mouths of the nebulous group known as "young people," but it's clear that O'Malley agrees with the sentiment.
Before we analyze O'Malley's own record on this core human right, we'll note that his claim is not without precedent. Following the Arab Spring in 2011, the United Nations declared that Internet access was a human right, demanding that countries "ensure that Internet access is maintained at all times, including during times of political unrest." That's not WiFi, of course, but there has been an Internet joke going around that addresses wireless access specifically. Here's one iteration; its original creator, like that of Ozymandias's statue, is lost to time.
Maslow's revised hierarchy of human needs. pic.twitter.com/rQ2xRQtIRN
— Dr Phil Hammond (@drphilhammond) May 13, 2014
But back to O'Malley. If the governor believes that WiFi is a human right or, being generous in our reading of that statement, that Internet writ large is, how does his state do in providing said access?
Happily, the Census Bureau has since 1997 collected data on Internet use by state. As of 2012, the last year for which data is available, some 5.6 million Marylanders had Internet access -- meaning that nearly 300,000 people didn't . (The Census Bureau only looks at those ages 3 and up, so maybe there are just a lot of babies.)
Compared to the rest of the United States, though, Maryland is doing okay. A look at Internet growth (in terms of number of people who are connected versus 2009) shows Maryland outpacing the country on the whole, and outpacing most other states.
But that's not WiFi. Evaluating WiFi alone is tricky, but we assume that O'Malley means publicly accessible WiFi, the sort of thing he championed even back when he was mayor of Baltimore . The Census Bureau collects data on people who have Internet in their homes and on people who have Internet access elsewhere. That latter figure would include people with access to a public WiFi hotspot, so we pulled that number out versus the national picture.
The good news? Since 2009, the state of Maryland has continued to have broader Internet access at home than the rest of the country, though that access grew more slowly. But for Internet access outside the Maryland home, that expanded more quickly than the nation on the whole.
While there are likely still tens of thousands of Marylanders who lack even the basic human right of Internet access (and who, we will note with sarcastic suspicion, are unable to speak out during times of political unrest), the state is at least making progress in addressing the problem. Whether or not the people without the basic human right of WiFi will prove to be the "soccer moms" of 2016 only time will tell.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He previously wrote for The Wire, the news blog of The Atlantic magazine. He has contributed to The Daily Beast, The Atlantic, The Daily, and the Huffington Post. Philip is based in New York City.

Wall Street flat after sell-off  global growth worry lingersS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Everything will be fine  says PM Modi as Opposition attacks him over ceasefire violationsOct 08, 2014 at  08:42pm IST
Everything will be fine, says PM Modi as Opposition attacks him over ceasefire violations
38
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday assured that "everything will be fine" when asked about the relentless firing and shelling by Pakistani troops across the international border.
Modi has been under intense pressure from the Congress and former ally Shiv Sena to act amidst the escalating border tension. On Wednesday, the PM finally issued orders to take a tough stance against Pakistan.
Sources said that the PM conveyed to top officials that there will be no succumbing to pressure from Pakistan. The PM also reportedly gave a "free hand" to security forces at the border to deal with Pakistan.
#ceasefire violation #pakistan #narendra modi #shiv sena
Eariler, the Shiv Sena had taken a swipe at Modi. An article in its official mouthpiece 'Saamna' criticised Modi for concentrating on rallies in Maharashtra when he should rather be giving Pakistan a befitting reply. The editorial took potshots at Modi saying one doesn't need a 56-inch chest but the political will to tackle Pakistan.
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi also hit out at Modi questioning why he was silent on the issue. The Congress has demanded an all-party meeting on the matter.
During the previous UPA government's rule, Modi had been a vociferous critic of the Manmohan Singh government's failure to handle Pakistani aggression.
"Pakistan is beheading our soldiers and our government is serving biryani to their Prime Minister," Modi had said in reference to the then Pakistan prime minister Parvez Ashraf's visit to India.
3

Centre  States divided over concept of smart cityCentre, States divided over concept of ‘smart city’
Venkatesh Ganesh
Karnataka stresses on physical infrastructure rather than technology
Bangalore October 8:  
In what could be a standoff similar to the GST rollout, the Central and State governments are divided over the implementation of smart city projects.
Addressing businessmen at a conference organised by CII on ‘Infrastructure and Technology Opportunities in Smart Cities,’ Karnataka government officials pointed out that the concept of smart city should be looked into more closely from a physical infrastructure point of view, rather than implementing technology to manage traffic or put in fancy e-toilets.
Reservations
“First, there is a need to improve physical infrastructure, then comes the rest,” said Roshan Baig, Minister for Infrastructure, Karnataka. Vandita Sharma, Principal Secretary, Infrastructure Development Department, Karnataka, added that the government will not use technology just for the sake of it, unless a large number of people can afford to use it.
The officials maintained that it is a State subject and the Centre, unless it is funding these projects, should not dictate terms. Also, there are differences of opinion among stakeholders on the definition of ‘smart city’ and whether it should be a public-private partnership (PPP) or completely private initiative.
“Many of India’s growing cities are suffering from years of inadequate investment in infrastructure and it is time the government remedies the situation,” said Mohandas Pai, Chairman, Manipal Education Services.
Some stakeholders pointed out that a framework is needed for implementing ‘smart city’ projects and making it work for a large number of people.
“We need to work on a sustainable roadmap, which should be come under the purview of an urban services regulator,” said V Ravichandar, Chairman, Feedback Consulting.
Lack of clarity
Industry watchers also believe that not only the government but even the private sector is not clear about the smart city concept.
“Companies push the concept based on their agenda and there is no holistic view,” said Ashwin Mahesh, CEO of Mapunity, which builds GIS and mobile technologies for government departments.
India currently has 360 million people living in cities and this number is expected to double by 2030, which is expected to put pressure on resources such as water and electricity, according to a report released by CII and PwC.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Infosys fetes founding fathers as Kris Gopalakrishnan retirement day nearsPrint
Others from the six member founding team including N R Narayana Murthy, K Dinesh, Nandan Nilekani, S D Shibulal and N S Raghavan were also present at the ceremony. (Source: Indian Express photo)
Written by Johnson T A | Bangalore | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:58 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 10:02 pm
With the last of the founding team of Indian IT bellwether Infosys Ltd, Kris Gopalakrishnan, set to retire from the company on October 10, a formal farewell was given by Infosys to all its founders here on Wednesday. ‘I was fortunate that my passion for computing became my profession, and that I was able to make an impact in this industry through Infosys, through the innovations we pioneered and the jobs we created,” the Infosys co-founder Gopalakrishnan said at the farewell.
Following the retirement of Gopalakrishnan Infosys will be completely under the charge of a new guard lead by CEO Vishal Sikka which took charge of the company on August 1 this year.
Others from the six member founding team including N R Narayana Murthy, K Dinesh, Nandan Nilekani, S D Shibulal and N S Raghavan were also present at the ceremony.
“Computers have become ubiquitous and have created a large industry, both in products and services. The Internet has connected the world. I have been fortunate to be part of this industry for the last 35 years of its 70 years,” Gopalakrishnan said.
Speaking on the occasion the key founder of the company N R Narayana Murthy said the founding of Infosys was a watershed event in the history of corporate India.
‘Never in the past has this country seen, and probably never in the future will this country see, a set of founders who nurtured their creation with care, sacrifice and passion for 33 years and passed it on with equanimity to a set of outsiders,’ Murthy said.
‘We leave with the satisfaction of taking this company from a market value of Rs. 28.5 crores on the day of listing in India in 1993 to Rs. 2,00,000 crores today, a return of 6,50,000% over 21 years – a CAGR of 89%. We leave with the distinction of creating several firsts in good corporate governance in India and the world,” he said.
In July this year Kris Gopalakrishnan had announced a donation of $1.8 million for the Carnegie Mellon University in the US to establish a research tie-up with the Centre for Brain Research (CBR) at the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) in Bangalore to study aging related disorders of the brain. The donation was done through Gopalakrishnan’s Prathiksha Trust. Gopalkrishnan has personal wealth valued at $ 1.4 billion dollar and is among the top 1500 billionaires in the world.

Ebola unavoidable in Europe  but spread risk low: WHOEbola has killed 3,439 people in west Africa since the start of the year, according to the latest WHO toll. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Geneva | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:47 pm
Cases of Ebola in Europe are unavoidable, but the risk of the disease spreading is extremely low, a top UN health official said on Wednesday, amid growing fears over infections in Spain.
“Sporadic cases of Ebola virus disease in Europe are unavoidable. This is due to travel between Europe and affected countries,” said Zsuzsanna Jakab, regional director for Europe at the World Health Organisation.
“However, the risk of spread of Ebola in Europe is avoidable and extremely low,” she said in a statement, adding that European nations were “among the best prepared in the world”.
Six people have now been quarantined at a Madrid hospital, including a nurse who was diagnosed with Ebola on Monday in the first case of transmission of the disease outside Africa.
The nurse, in her forties, had cared for two elderly Spanish missionaries who died from the virus following their return from west Africa.
“There is a risk of accidental contamination for people exposed to Ebola patients. This risk can be and must be mitigated with strict infection control measures,” said Jakab.
“Health care workers are on the frontline of the Ebola fight and they are those most at risk of infection. They need to be protected and supported by all means,” she added.
Among the six people hospitalised in Madrid are the woman’s husband, considered at “high risk” by Spanish authorities, and two other nurses.
Officials said they were monitoring as a precaution 52 other people – mostly health workers – who had been in contact with the infected nurse.
“All countries have protocols and procedures that must be implemented when a case is suspected and it is important that these are followed diligently. WHO is, as always, ready to provide help and support where requested,” said Jakab.
Ebola has killed 3,439 people in west Africa since the start of the year, according to the latest WHO toll, with health workers making up around six percent of the victims.

Pros and cons of debt in foreign handsForeign buyers hold key to debt prices
By Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d2cd018-4e25-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

German stocks sink 10% into correction zoneGerman stocks sink into correction territory
By: Adam Shell October 8, 2014 11:47 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
German stocks off 10% from recent highs in Wednesday trading. A trader works in front of a board displaying the chart of German stock index, the DAX, in Frankfurt, back on Nov. 2, 2011. (Daniel Roland, AFP/Getty Images)
German stocks, weighed down by the economic fallout spawned by the Ukraine-Russia crisis and the eurzone’s weak economy, are now down more than 10% from their July peak and officially in correction territory.
The DAX, Germany’s benchmark stock index, has succumbed to recent data points that show the German economy has ground to a halt, hurt in large part by the economic sanctions levied at its major trading partner, Russia, by the U.S. and European Union as a way to get Moscow to butt out of Ukraine’s affairs. The economic slowdown in the rest of the debt-hobbled eurozone has also hurt the German economy, considered the economic locomotive of Europe.
In trading today, the DAX fell as low as 8960.43, which put it down 10.7% from its July 3 closing high of 10,029.43 and off nearly 11% from its June 20 intraday peak of 10,050.98.
The DAX, which started the day at 9027.90, was down about 1% at 8995 around 11:45 a.m. ET. Investors are watching to see if the key 9000 level on the DAX will hold, according to Barclays.
A weak reading on August industrial production released Tuesday and a lousy reading on factory orders out Monday are the latest gloomy statistics to spook stock investors in Germany.
“The Russia-Ukraine issues are likely a factor weighing on business confidence in Germany,” said Mary Catherine Sinclair, an analyst at Strategas Research Partners. “(Germany), the euro area growth engine, is still slowing.”
If the DAX , which is still open for trading, closes below 9026.49 today it will mark an official correction, or a drop of 10% or more.
 

Will buy-the-dip crowd rescue S&P 500Will buy-the-dip crowd rescue S&P 500 again?
By: Adam Shell October 8, 2014 8:21 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Buy-the-dip has been a winning investment strategy since the bull market began in March 2009 and in 2014. Will investors snap up beaten-down shares again and halt the stock market’s recent slide?
Tuesday’s nearly 30-point, or 1.5% plunge, to 1935.10 for the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index was its sixth-biggest point decline of the year, according to Richard Peterson, senior director at S&P Investment Advisory Services.
And the buy-the-dip crowd did rescue the market and swoop in and buy the bargain-priced stocks after four of the five prior biggest point drops this year, according to a performance analysis performed by Peterson. The S&P 500 also went on to new record highs four of five times.
The only blemish was the big drop on Sept. 25, which shows a drop of 1.6% since. That blemish could be a warning signal, as it was the most recent big single-digit decline before  Tuesday’s bloodbath and it’s also the only time the large-company stock index has not rebounded to new all-time highs.
Here’s how the S&P 500 has fared one month after its biggest point losses of 2014.
S&P 500

GM Barra s international profit outlook
First person diagnosed with Ebola in US diesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Most of the greedy bulls are thinking of nifty making new high for diw...251 Followers
Reposted about 38 days 7 hrs 57 min 15 sec ago by ramu020
Fii cash market selling since sept 29th 5552 crores.. not even a single day of buying.. only sell, sell & brutal shelling going on.. we haven`t seen big crash yet due to dii buying from them.. hence one can hopefully expect a big bang crash after diwali.. till then it can show some fake green to attract some greedy Bulls!! I have already told, global markets will not help indian markets anymore.. as money is moving out from our country..
P.S : Black Money!!

Pls let that surprise be q2 turnaround pls pls plsPlatinum Member
93 Followers
suzlon has blocked all the channels and not allowing any news flow. Neither they are announcing any order win nor any official update on senvion listing or stake sale. yestersay some sites reported qin of 39mw orders by senvion but that also not confirmed by suzlon. I hope they are busy resolving issues and will soon be giving us some good surprises.

Why uk sinhas talk of controlling stock manipulation is not credibl...Reposted about 43 days 16 hrs 16 min ago by Zorro555
Why UK Sinha’s talk of controlling stock manipulation is not credible;
Consider Geodesic Ltd, a sham internet software and service provider, that had run up liabilities of more than Rs1,200 crore and defaulted on payment of its Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (FCCB) and loans. SEBI never took any action ( http://t.in.com/7LRb ) against Geodesic and finally the Bombay High Court issued a winding up order against the company ( http://t.in.com/4LLt ). Following orders from the High Court, the Registrar of Companies (RoC), Maharashtra, appointed an official liquidator to wind up Geodesic.
For complete article;

Friends now trend reversal has just begun!!!!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Move for online building permitsMove for online building permits
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kochi, October 8:  
The time-consuming process of securing permits from local bodies for construction of houses is likely to become smoother with the State government deciding to make the process online.
From November 1, the State Formation Day, applications for building permits can be filed online and the permit will be issued online within a month.
The Information Kerala Mission has developed a software called ‘Sanketham’ for the Local Self Government Department. The department hopes that the online system will facilitate granting of building permits “in a transparent and standardised manner, strictly following the Kerala Municipal Building Rules and Kerala Panchayat Building Rules.”
The procedures such as verification of documents and site inspection will be manual. The applicant will be informed of the inspectors’ visit through mobile phone messages. After the procedures are over, the applicant can download the building permit certificate with digital signature and seal.
Currently, securing building permits entails long delays, corruption and bribery.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Ayurveda seminar in KottayamTweet
Kochi, October 8:  
The annual ayurveda seminar, organised by Kottakkal Arya Vaidya Sala, will be held at Mammen Mappila Hall, Kottayam, on October 12. This is the 51{+s}{+t} edition of the seminar, which was started in 1964 with a view to discussing the latest trends in ayurveda treatment and introducing new treatment options. Senior physicians from several ayurveda institutions are expected to attend the seminar.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Train services restored on Konkan routeTrain services restored on Konkan route
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mangalore, October 8:  
Konkan Railway Corporation Ltd has said that train services have been restored on the stretch between Chiplun and Kamathe stations where 12 wagons of a goods train derailed on Tuesday.
A press release from the Konkan Railway Corporation said here on Wednesday that a light engine was successfully run through the site on Wednesday after receiving the ‘Track Fit’ certificate.
Two excavators and more than 300 labourers were deployed to clear the track. While one accident relief train belonging to Konkan Railway was deployed for restoration work on Tuesday, another from Central Railway was also called.
The railway track of around 160 metres was severely damaged as a result of the derailment.
While clearing the track, the wagons loaded with wheat had to be unloaded and safekeeping of wheat bags ensured. Konkan Railway said there were about 15,000 bags of wheat weighing around 750 tonnes in the derailed wagons.
Since the track was totally dislocated, it had to be laid afresh after removing the derailed wagons.
The release said that there is no direct road access to the site for easy transportation of the restoration material. Konkan Railway had to carry the material to the nearest location and then move it manually through labourers.
The derailment had occurred between two bridges and two of the derailed wagons were on the bridge. This needed to be tackled very cautiously to avoid any damage to the bridge.
The steep and high embankment on either side also made it difficult to clear the derailed wagons, it added.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

IAS officials ransferred in KarnatakaIAS officials ransferred in Karnataka
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, October 8:  
Gaurav Gupta has been made Commissioner for Industrial Development and Director of Industries and Commerce department, in the latest round of transfer of IAS officers in the State.
Gupta replaces M Maheshwar Rao, who has been transferred to Energy department as Managing Director of Karnataka Power Corporation Ltd (KPCL).
Ritesh Kumar Singh has been made the Regional Commissioner of Bangalore Region. Rajendra Kumar Kataria is the new Managing Director, Karnataka Mining Environment Restoration Company Ltd.
R Vishal has been made Commissioner for Food, Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs department. MV Venkatesh is the new Deputy Commissioner of Chickballapur district.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

